# make an attempt -> try, made an attempt -> tried, etc
# made no attempt -> did not try
# made a genuine attempt
# an attempt -> an effort
# the attempt -> the effort

In Oslo , the ministers have met in a climate of candor , and made a genuine attempt to get information and understanding one another's problems .
in oslo , the ministers have met in a climate of candor , and made a genuine [try] to get information and understanding one another's problems .

Canada alone has been somewhat out of step with the Oslo attempt to get all the allied cars back on the track behind the NATO locomotive .
canada alone has been somewhat out of step with the oslo [try] to get all the allied cars back on the track behind the nato locomotive .

Some viewed this attempt as evidence that Mr. Wagner regarded himself as bigger than the party .
some viewed this [try] as evidence that mr. wagner regarded himself as bigger than the party .

As usual , he made no attempt to get in touch with Carmine G. De Sapio , the Manhattan leader .
as usual , he made no [try] to get in touch with carmine g. de sapio , the manhattan leader .

In the House , the Southern-Republican coalition is expected to make another major stand in opposition to the Administration's housing bill , while more jockeying is expected in an attempt to advance the aid-to-education bill .
in the house , the southern-republican coalition is expected to make another major stand in opposition to the administration's housing bill , while more jockeying is expected in an [try] to advance the aid-to-education bill .

Pete Ward was sent in for House and , after failing in a bunt attempt , popped to Howser on the grass back of short .
pete ward was sent in for house and , after failing in a bunt [try] , popped to howser on the grass back of short .

At the very moment that every attempt is being made to take management out from under the irrationality of anti-trust legislation , a drive is on to abolish collective bargaining under the guise of extending the anti-monopoly laws to unions who want no more than to continue to set wages in the same way that ship operators set freight rates .
at the very moment that every [try] is being made to take management out from under the irrationality of anti-trust legislation , a drive is on to abolish collective bargaining under the guise of extending the anti-monopoly laws to unions who want no more than to continue to set wages in the same way that ship operators set freight rates .

Mr. Kennedy had been informed early in the day of the attempt to steal the plane , kept in touch throughout by telephone .
mr. kennedy had been informed early in the day of the [try] to steal the plane , kept in touch throughout by telephone .

But for the United States and its SEATO allies to attempt to shore up a less tough , less combat-tested government army in monsoon-shrouded , road-shy , guerrilla-th'-wisp terrain is a risk not savored by Pentagon planners .
but for the united states and its seato allies to [try] to shore up a less tough , less combat-tested government army in monsoon-shrouded , road-shy , guerrilla-th'-wisp terrain is a risk not savored by pentagon planners .

But if anything can bring home to Mr. Khrushchev the idea that he will not really get much enjoyment from watching this Braddock-against-the-Indians contest , it will probably be the fact that SEATO forces are ready to attempt it -- plus the fact that Moscow has something to lose from closing off disarmament and other bigger negotiations with Washington .
but if anything can bring home to mr. khrushchev the idea that he will not really get much enjoyment from watching this braddock-against-the-indians contest , it will probably be the fact that seato forces are ready to [try] it -- plus the fact that moscow has something to lose from closing off disarmament and other bigger negotiations with washington .

Does it attempt to rewrite modern history by blaming American statesmen for wars , Communism , depression , and other troubles of the world ? ?
does it [try] to rewrite modern history by blaming american statesmen for wars , communism , depression , and other troubles of the world ? ?

What they have objected to is the attempt of the Russians to make use of the tragedy of Dag Hammarskjold's death to turn the entire U.N. staff from the Secretary down into political agents of the respective countries from which they come .
what they have objected to is the [try] of the russians to make use of the tragedy of dag hammarskjold's death to turn the entire u.n. staff from the secretary down into political agents of the respective countries from which they come .

Another attempt will be made this year in New Orleans to resume the program .
another [try] will be made this year in new orleans to resume the program .

At no time did I attempt to seek approval or commendation for the members of the Chicago board of election commissioners for the discharge of their duties .
at no time did i [try] to seek approval or commendation for the members of the chicago board of election commissioners for the discharge of their duties .

It is greatly to Berman's credit that he made no attempt to outdo Ray Bolger .
it is greatly to berman's credit that he made no [try] to outdo ray bolger .

`` How The Kooks Crumble '' features an amusingly accurate take-off on sneaky announcers who attempt to homogenize radio-TV commercials , and `` The Watchers Of The Night '' is a veritable waking nightmare .
`` how the kooks crumble '' features an amusingly accurate take-off on sneaky announcers who [try] to homogenize radio-tv commercials , and `` the watchers of the night '' is a veritable waking nightmare .

The explanation offered for her conduct is a misguided attempt to save her marriage to a neurotic husband left sterile as a result of an automobile accident .
the explanation offered for her conduct is a misguided [try] to save her marriage to a neurotic husband left sterile as a result of an automobile accident .

It is danced by some thirty-five men and no women , and it contains everything in the books -- lusty comedy , gregarious cavorting , and tricks that only madmen or Russians would attempt to make the human body perform .
it is danced by some thirty-five men and no women , and it contains everything in the books -- lusty comedy , gregarious cavorting , and tricks that only madmen or russians would [try] to make the human body perform .

This is not to attempt to say what spirit is , but only to employ a commonly used word to designate or simply identify a common experience .
this is not to [try] to say what spirit is , but only to employ a commonly used word to designate or simply identify a common experience .

In affirming this we have already taken the decisive step in breaking the deadlock into which Bultmann's attempt to formulate such a theology has led .
in affirming this we have already taken the decisive step in breaking the deadlock into which bultmann's [try] to formulate such a theology has led .

To some extent the personal inadequacies that prejudices attempt to compensate for are to be found in all of us .
to some extent the personal inadequacies that prejudices [try] to compensate for are to be found in all of us .

and , now and in the future unlike in the past , any attempt to repel injury and to preserve any particular civilized attainment of mankind or its provisional justice runs some risk of nuclear warfare and the danger that an effect of it will , by human action , render this planet less habitable by the human race .
and , now and in the future unlike in the past , any [try] to repel injury and to preserve any particular civilized attainment of mankind or its provisional justice runs some risk of nuclear warfare and the danger that an effect of it will , by human action , render this planet less habitable by the human race .

What we can attempt with some hope of dependable conclusions is to point out the manner in which Christianity entered into particular aspects of the life of the nation .
what we can [try] with some hope of dependable conclusions is to point out the manner in which christianity entered into particular aspects of the life of the nation .

a poor attempt to write an idiomatic jazz concerto ; ;
a poor [try] to write an idiomatic jazz concerto ; ;

An attempt should be made to see if electricity , in its most latent stage , has any action on the magnet as such '' .
an [try] should be made to see if electricity , in its most latent stage , has any action on the magnet as such '' .

Often it is thin and fragile and gives way readily to the male organ at the first attempt at intercourse .
often it is thin and fragile and gives way readily to the male organ at the first [try] at intercourse .

The wife's attempt at control , these psychologists contend , is sometimes merely a pathetic effort to compel her husband to pay as much attention to her as he does to his job .
the wife's [try] at control , these psychologists contend , is sometimes merely a pathetic effort to compel her husband to pay as much attention to her as he does to his job .

And if it was not an individual who was in the dock , why was the Trial , as we shall observe later , all but scuttled in the attempt to prove Eichmann a `` fiend '' ? ?
and if it was not an individual who was in the dock , why was the trial , as we shall observe later , all but scuttled in the [try] to prove eichmann a `` fiend '' ? ?

The attempt to enforce that belief ushered in a reign of bootleggers , racketeers , hijackers and gangsters that led to a breakdown of law unparalleled in our history .
the [try] to enforce that belief ushered in a reign of bootleggers , racketeers , hijackers and gangsters that led to a breakdown of law unparalleled in our history .

They would attempt to bring supplies from St. Louis or Prairie Du Chien at `` great expense as well as danger '' .
they would [try] to bring supplies from st. louis or prairie du chien at `` great expense as well as danger '' .

News of the legislative veto appeared in the New Orleans papers , and Henry and William became incensed by the fact that they had not been told of the attempt in advance .
news of the legislative veto appeared in the new orleans papers , and henry and william became incensed by the fact that they had not been told of the [try] in advance .

`` The attempt to save the Square's historic value '' , he declares , `` came half a century too late '' .
`` the [try] to save the square's historic value '' , he declares , `` came half a century too late '' .

Police did make an attempt to check on Morse's alibi .
police did make an [try] to check on morse's alibi .

I make no attempt to measure the enduring satisfaction and material well-being of a man who went to work on graduation from high school and was highly successful in the business which he entered .
i make no [try] to measure the enduring satisfaction and material well-being of a man who went to work on graduation from high school and was highly successful in the business which he entered .

This conformity represents a desperate attempt to stabilize a hopelessly unstable environment .
this conformity represents a desperate [try] to stabilize a hopelessly unstable environment .

Next day , reports went through the Department that Rooney had been outraged by what he considered a patent attempt to put public pressure on him for increased entertainment allowances and had sworn an oath that , that year , expense allowances would not rise a dollar .
next day , reports went through the department that rooney had been outraged by what he considered a patent [try] to put public pressure on him for increased entertainment allowances and had sworn an oath that , that year , expense allowances would not rise a dollar .

Most of these , with horrible exceptions , were conceived as is a ship , not as an attempt to quell the ocean of mankind , nor to deny its force , but as a means to survive and enjoy it .
most of these , with horrible exceptions , were conceived as is a ship , not as an [try] to quell the ocean of mankind , nor to deny its force , but as a means to survive and enjoy it .

There is the unexplainable , and there art raises questions that it does not attempt to answer '' .
there is the unexplainable , and there art raises questions that it does not [try] to answer '' .

Any attempt to reconcile this statement of the central issue in the campaign of 1956 with the nature of the man who could not conceive it as the central issue will at least resolve our confusions about the chaotic and misleading results of the earnestness of both doctors and President in a situation which should never have arisen .
any [try] to reconcile this statement of the central issue in the campaign of 1956 with the nature of the man who could not conceive it as the central issue will at least resolve our confusions about the chaotic and misleading results of the earnestness of both doctors and president in a situation which should never have arisen .

Its essence lies in its attempt to recover previous order through the repression of disruptive forces .
its essence lies in its [try] to recover previous order through the repression of disruptive forces .

The Agreeable Autocracies is an attempt to explore some of the institutions which both reflect and determine the character of the free society today .
the agreeable autocracies is an [try] to explore some of the institutions which both reflect and determine the character of the free society today .

No attempt is made by Ptolemy to weld into a single scheme ( a-la-Aristotle ) , these independent predicting-machines .
no [try] is made by ptolemy to weld into a single scheme ( a-la-aristotle ) , these independent predicting-machines .

by the same token , we reject any Soviet attempt to impose its system on us or other peoples by force or subversion .
by the same token , we reject any soviet [try] to impose its system on us or other peoples by force or subversion .

It purported to be a reasonably serious attempt at a treatment of jazz musicians , their aims , their problems -- the tug-of-war between the `` pure '' and the `` commercial '' -- and seemed a promising vehicle , for the two men shared a common interest in jazz .
it purported to be a reasonably serious [try] at a treatment of jazz musicians , their aims , their problems -- the tug-of-war between the `` pure '' and the `` commercial '' -- and seemed a promising vehicle , for the two men shared a common interest in jazz .

So what Fred and Ralph did was to attempt to prorate the money fairly by taking into account what each of the five had received , if anything , from the estate before Papa's death .
so what fred and ralph did was to [try] to prorate the money fairly by taking into account what each of the five had received , if anything , from the estate before papa's death .

In Aristotle's analysis of tragedy in the Poetics , we find an attempt to isolate the art , to consider only those things proper to it , to discover how it differs from other arts , and to deal with the effects peculiar to it .
in aristotle's analysis of tragedy in the poetics , we find an [try] to isolate the art , to consider only those things proper to it , to discover how it differs from other arts , and to deal with the effects peculiar to it .

But the attempt itself produced a number of brilliant works , and these form a transition from the early romantic period to the new age of Ibsen and Chekhov .
but the [try] itself produced a number of brilliant works , and these form a transition from the early romantic period to the new age of ibsen and chekhov .

Certainly , he must recognize its power and attempt to ascertain its influence on the flow of history , but he must not confuse the natural and the mundane with the divine .
certainly , he must recognize its power and [try] to ascertain its influence on the flow of history , but he must not confuse the natural and the mundane with the divine .

She was occupying herself in an attempt to write an article about the variety of houses that they had rented abroad .
she was occupying herself in an [try] to write an article about the variety of houses that they had rented abroad .

But while war still serves as a catalyst for the values that Malraux wishes to express , these values are no longer linked with the triumph or defeat of any cause -- whether that of an individual assertion of the will-to-power , or a collective attempt to escape from the humiliation of oppression -- as their necessary condition .
but while war still serves as a catalyst for the values that malraux wishes to express , these values are no longer linked with the triumph or defeat of any cause -- whether that of an individual assertion of the will-to-power , or a collective [try] to escape from the humiliation of oppression -- as their necessary condition .

The defect of these proposals is in their attempt to outrun history and their assumption that because something may be desirable it is also possible .
the defect of these proposals is in their [try] to outrun history and their assumption that because something may be desirable it is also possible .

Through all this raving , Krim is performing a traditional and by now boring rite , the attack on intelligence , upon the largely successful attempt of the magazines he castigates to liberate American writing from local color and other varieties of romantic corn .
through all this raving , krim is performing a traditional and by now boring rite , the attack on intelligence , upon the largely successful [try] of the magazines he castigates to liberate american writing from local color and other varieties of romantic corn .

In many societies , what we regard as corruption , favoritism , and personal influence are so accepted as consistent with the mores of officialdom and so integral a part of routine administrative practice that any attempt to force their elimination will be regarded by the local leadership as not only unwarranted but unfriendly .
in many societies , what we regard as corruption , favoritism , and personal influence are so accepted as consistent with the mores of officialdom and so integral a part of routine administrative practice that any [try] to force their elimination will be regarded by the local leadership as not only unwarranted but unfriendly .

This tied in closely with the current attempt to upgrade state-owned cars to the extent that vehicles are not retained beyond the point where maintenance costs ( in light of depreciation ) become excessive .
this tied in closely with the current [try] to upgrade state-owned cars to the extent that vehicles are not retained beyond the point where maintenance costs ( in light of depreciation ) become excessive .

United Nations Day is the birthday of the United Nations , mankind's noblest attempt to establish lasting peace with justice ; ;
united nations day is the birthday of the united nations , mankind's noblest [try] to establish lasting peace with justice ; ;

Cuban S.S.R. : Whatever may have been the setbacks resulting from the unsuccessful attempt of the Cuban rebels to establish a beachhead on the Castro-held mainland last week , there was at least one positive benefit , and that was the clear-cut revelation to the whole world of the complete conversion of Cuba into a Russian-dominated military base .
cuban s.s.r. : whatever may have been the setbacks resulting from the unsuccessful [try] of the cuban rebels to establish a beachhead on the castro-held mainland last week , there was at least one positive benefit , and that was the clear-cut revelation to the whole world of the complete conversion of cuba into a russian-dominated military base .

Thus , a finding of conspiracy to restrain trade or attempt to monopolize was excluded from the Court's decision .
thus , a finding of conspiracy to restrain trade or [try] to monopolize was excluded from the court's decision .

The movement of events is so fast , the pace so severe , that an attempt to peer into the future is essential if we are to think accurately about the present .
the movement of events is so fast , the pace so severe , that an [try] to peer into the future is essential if we are to think accurately about the present .

An attempt to improve the life of the anodes or the efficiency of the plasma generators must , therefore , aim at a reduction of the anode loss .
an [try] to improve the life of the anodes or the efficiency of the plasma generators must , therefore , aim at a reduction of the anode loss .

A rough attempt was made to characterize the vertical profile of the cloud by taking samples from outside the windows on the first , ninth , and fifteenth floors of a Government office building .
a rough [try] was made to characterize the vertical profile of the cloud by taking samples from outside the windows on the first , ninth , and fifteenth floors of a government office building .

In an attempt to reverse the downhill trend by stimulating the bone marrow and controlling any hemolytic component , triamcinolone , 16 mg. daily , was begun on Sept. 26 , 1958 , and continued until Feb. 18 , 1959 .
in an [try] to reverse the downhill trend by stimulating the bone marrow and controlling any hemolytic component , triamcinolone , 16 mg. daily , was begun on sept. 26 , 1958 , and continued until feb. 18 , 1959 .

In our attempt to interpret the emotions in their physiological and pathological range , we emphasized the importance of the degree of activity of the parasympathetic and sympathetic divisions of the hypothalamic system and their influence on the inhibitory and excitatory systems , respectively .
in our [try] to interpret the emotions in their physiological and pathological range , we emphasized the importance of the degree of activity of the parasympathetic and sympathetic divisions of the hypothalamic system and their influence on the inhibitory and excitatory systems , respectively .

It should attempt to communicate both an appreciation of professional standards and an understanding of the tremendous powers and potentialities of genuinely open and pluralistic societies .
it should [try] to communicate both an appreciation of professional standards and an understanding of the tremendous powers and potentialities of genuinely open and pluralistic societies .

As seen in the B. family , there must be an attempt to help the client develop conscious awareness of the problem , especially in the absence of a formal request for assistance .
as seen in the b. family , there must be an [try] to help the client develop conscious awareness of the problem , especially in the absence of a formal request for assistance .

The public interest is so dominant in such an issue that I cannot be so presumptuous as to attempt to settle it by an administrative order based upon conclusions reached in a summary action in one or two Superior Courts in the State .
the public interest is so dominant in such an issue that i cannot be so presumptuous as to [try] to settle it by an administrative order based upon conclusions reached in a summary action in one or two superior courts in the state .

In general , it appears that trustees and board members attempt to represent the public interest in their administration of educational policy , and this is made easier by the fact that the dominant values of the society are middle-class values , which are generally thought to be valid for the entire society .
in general , it appears that trustees and board members [try] to represent the public interest in their administration of educational policy , and this is made easier by the fact that the dominant values of the society are middle-class values , which are generally thought to be valid for the entire society .

These people are practically always upper- or upper-middle-class persons , who attempt to act in what they regard as the interest of the entire society .
these people are practically always upper- or upper-middle-class persons , who [try] to act in what they regard as the interest of the entire society .

Like the other policy-making groups , these are middle class in their educational attitudes , and they attempt to act in the general public interest , as they see it .
like the other policy-making groups , these are middle class in their educational attitudes , and they [try] to act in the general public interest , as they see it .

Since this book is concerned only incidentally with railroad rates , it will not attempt to analyze the methods by which the staff of the Interstate Commerce Commission has estimated out-of-pocket costs and apportioned residue costs .
since this book is concerned only incidentally with railroad rates , it will not [try] to analyze the methods by which the staff of the interstate commerce commission has estimated out-of-pocket costs and apportioned residue costs .

Here no attempt is made , first to determine out-of-pocket or marginal costs and then to superimpose on these costs `` reasonably distributed '' residues of total costs .
here no [try] is made , first to determine out-of-pocket or marginal costs and then to superimpose on these costs `` reasonably distributed '' residues of total costs .

It has become painfully clear that the very attempt to make the language of social research free of values by erecting mathematical and physical models , is itself a conditioned response to a world which pays a premium price for technological manipulation .
it has become painfully clear that the very [try] to make the language of social research free of values by erecting mathematical and physical models , is itself a conditioned response to a world which pays a premium price for technological manipulation .

The attempt failed : the animal is now dead .
the [try] failed : the animal is now dead .

Following Day was Woodbury who spoke of his disapproval of Brown's attempt at servile insurrection , his admiration of Brown's character , and his opposition to slavery .
following day was woodbury who spoke of his disapproval of brown's [try] at servile insurrection , his admiration of brown's character , and his opposition to slavery .

Otherwise , special care must be taken to branch around them so that the program will not attempt to execute something in a data area as an instruction .
otherwise , special care must be taken to branch around them so that the program will not [try] to execute something in a data area as an instruction .

the rough surface of the earth itself seemed to resist every attempt on his part to relax .
the rough surface of the earth itself seemed to resist every [try] on his part to relax .

He finished the worship service as if there had been no brazen attempt to dishonor God and man .
he finished the worship service as if there had been no brazen [try] to dishonor god and man .

Four men were knocked down , but did not attempt to rise .
four men were knocked down , but did not [try] to rise .

It was merely an attempt to frighten her .
it was merely an [try] to frighten her .

She couldn't see any reason why Maude would attempt to frighten her .
she couldn't see any reason why maude would [try] to frighten her .

Besides , there was something hysterical and silly , something almost childish about an attempt to frighten her .
besides , there was something hysterical and silly , something almost childish about an [try] to frighten her .

George poised with the tack hammer , the homely , everyday atmosphere , all denied an attempt at murder .
george poised with the tack hammer , the homely , everyday atmosphere , all denied an [try] at murder .

She paused at the kitchen door , caught her breath , told herself firmly that the opium was only an attempt to frighten her and went into the kitchen , where Glendora was eyeing the chickens dismally and Maude was cleaning lamp chimneys .
she paused at the kitchen door , caught her breath , told herself firmly that the opium was only an [try] to frighten her and went into the kitchen , where glendora was eyeing the chickens dismally and maude was cleaning lamp chimneys .

Again the homely , everyday details of daily living refuted a vicious attempt to frighten her -- or to murder her .
again the homely , everyday details of daily living refuted a vicious [try] to frighten her -- or to murder her .

He realized now he had more than half hoped he wouldn't find him -- that Muller would not be here , that the attempt would be scheduled for somewhere beyond Hoag's control .
he realized now he had more than half hoped he wouldn't find him -- that muller would not be here , that the [try] would be scheduled for somewhere beyond hoag's control .

Dean resisted Mike's attempt to push him toward the horse .
dean resisted mike's [try] to push him toward the horse .

Above me a dark rider was whipping his pony with a quirt in an attempt to hurdle the bales .
above me a dark rider was whipping his pony with a quirt in an [try] to hurdle the bales .

In spite of her attempt to preserve her balance , she fell , bruising her arm on a naked stone .
in spite of her [try] to preserve her balance , she fell , bruising her arm on a naked stone .

The tines broke off under Jess's twisting , and he swung the handle in an attempt to knock Curt's brains out .
the tines broke off under jess's twisting , and he swung the handle in an [try] to knock curt's brains out .

Glowering looks met them in the bar , but there was no attempt to halt them .
glowering looks met them in the bar , but there was no [try] to halt them .

However while in his cell awaiting trial for theft , Barco , in a fit of apprehension , made an attempt to take his own life .
however while in his cell awaiting trial for theft , barco , in a fit of apprehension , made an [try] to take his own life .

The attempt had failed because , when endeavoring to cut his wrists , this murderer of seven women had fainted at the sight of blood .
the [try] had failed because , when endeavoring to cut his wrists , this murderer of seven women had fainted at the sight of blood .

The suicide attempt looked to him like an opportunity to put his theory to the test .
the suicide [try] looked to him like an opportunity to put his theory to the test .

I fought like a tigress but by the time I appealed my case to the Supreme Court ( 1937 ) , Mr. Roosevelt and his `` henchmen '' had done their `` dirty work '' all too well , even going so far as to attempt to `` pack '' the highest tribunal in the land in order to defeat little me .
i fought like a tigress but by the time i appealed my case to the supreme court ( 1937 ) , mr. roosevelt and his `` henchmen '' had done their `` dirty work '' all too well , even going so far as to [try] to `` pack '' the highest tribunal in the land in order to defeat little me .

Never a `` quick study '' , he now made no attempt to learn his `` lines '' and many a mile of film was wasted , many a scene -- sometimes involving as many as a thousand fellow thespians -- was taken thirty , forty , fifty times because Miss Poitrine's co-star and `` helpmate '' had never learned his part .
never a `` quick study '' , he now made no [try] to learn his `` lines '' and many a mile of film was wasted , many a scene -- sometimes involving as many as a thousand fellow thespians -- was taken thirty , forty , fifty times because miss poitrine's co-star and `` helpmate '' had never learned his part .

I really loved that boy , and , in a feverish attempt to preserve our marriage and to try to revive the wonderful , wonderful person Letch had once been , I took my troubles to Momma , hoping that her earthy advice would help me .
i really loved that boy , and , in a feverish [try] to preserve our marriage and to try to revive the wonderful , wonderful person letch had once been , i took my troubles to momma , hoping that her earthy advice would help me .

She had been sexually abused as a child ; an incident that made her attempt suicide .
she had been sexually abused as a child ; an incident that made her [try] suicide .

Charity workers say twelve thousand child refugees are marching through Sudan in an attempt to escape the Civil War .
charity workers say twelve thousand child refugees are marching through sudan in an [try] to escape the civil war .

American game giants , Nintendo cried foul and took them to court in an attempt to ban Game Genie sales in America .
american game giants , nintendo cried foul and took them to court in an [try] to ban game genie sales in america .

and election night saw Oxford United attempt to spoil the celebration party at first division champions Newcastle .
and election night saw oxford united [try] to spoil the celebration party at first division champions newcastle .

The bad weather has also forced Rebecca Stephens to delay her attempt to become the first British woman to climb Everest .
the bad weather has also forced rebecca stephens to delay her [try] to become the first british woman to climb everest .

Weclome back : Nigel Mansell will attempt to write his name into the motor racing record books this weekend .
weclome back : nigel mansell will [try] to write his name into the motor racing record books this weekend .

Meanwhile , Rebecca Stephens is ready for her attempt on the summit .
meanwhile , rebecca stephens is ready for her [try] on the summit .

And that was stolen cars in an attempt to crack car-ringing where vehicles are taken apart and reassembled to be sold on .
and that was stolen cars in an [try] to crack car-ringing where vehicles are taken apart and reassembled to be sold on .

It is our attempt to get the world to recognise what we can do technologically .
it is our [try] to get the world to recognise what we can do technologically .

Buying into everlasting life was appealing to those whose worldly existence was less than pure . At Tewkesbury Abbey knights in armour appear as themselves — no attempt made to blend them with saints
buying into everlasting life was appealing to those whose worldly existence was less than pure . at tewkesbury abbey knights in armour appear as themselves — no [try] made to blend them with saints

’ We consider that this was a serious attempt to set fire to Boynes itself .
’ we consider that this was a serious [try] to set fire to boynes itself .

Vic Hunt has let a hedge grow in an attempt to reduce the noise at his house , but it does n't work .
vic hunt has let a hedge grow in an [try] to reduce the noise at his house , but it does n't work .

He also sent money to pay for a party to mark Queen Victoria 's survival of an assassination attempt .
he also sent money to pay for a party to mark queen victoria 's survival of an assassination [try] .

The Maharajah sent over £200 to the village to celebrate her survival of an assassination attempt .
the maharajah sent over £200 to the village to celebrate her survival of an assassination [try] .

The university says the report is just an attempt to grab headlines .
the university says the report is just an [try] to grab headlines .

Youths fired an arrow through the window of one house and set light to another in an attempt to silence them .
youths fired an arrow through the window of one house and set light to another in an [try] to silence them .

The couple insist that the pregnancy was an accident , and not an attempt to jump waiting list .
the couple insist that the pregnancy was an accident , and not an [try] to jump waiting list .

The two girls were rescued from the car by their mother uninjured … she 'd run after the car in a vain attempt to pull on the handbrake .
the two girls were rescued from the car by their mother uninjured … she 'd run after the car in a vain [try] to pull on the handbrake .

In an attempt to defuse the controversy , they 've asked Third Reich expert Professor Norman Stone to help him .
in an [try] to defuse the controversy , they 've asked third reich expert professor norman stone to help him .

It 's an attempt to stop cars parking on the pavement , which can be awkward and dangerous .
it 's an [try] to stop cars parking on the pavement , which can be awkward and dangerous .

But now some attempt is being made to help them .
but now some [try] is being made to help them .

It completely disrupts any attempt at normal life .
it completely disrupts any [try] at normal life .

The couple are still undergoing intensive treatment for injuries caused by the attempt on their lives .
the couple are still undergoing intensive treatment for injuries caused by the [try] on their lives .

The Prosecution alleges that Stokle 's former girlfriend , Shiela Stroud from Staunton carried out the murder attempt with her boyfriend Mark Evans , and a hired hitman Norman White .
the prosecution alleges that stokle 's former girlfriend , shiela stroud from staunton carried out the murder [try] with her boyfriend mark evans , and a hired hitman norman white .

The Guiness Book of Records told us : Unfortunately we can not accept this attempt as a category for the book .
the guiness book of records told us : unfortunately we can not accept this [try] as a category for the book .

If the attempt is successful , it would constitute a unique occurrence , not a record .
if the [try] is successful , it would constitute a unique occurrence , not a record .

The Guiness Book of Records told us : Unfortunately we can not accept this attempt as a category for the book .
the guiness book of records told us : unfortunately we can not accept this [try] as a category for the book .

If the attempt is successful , it would constitute a unique occurrence , not a record .
if the [try] is successful , it would constitute a unique occurrence , not a record .

Operation Market Garden was the Allies attempt to secure the bridgehead behind German lines , as the enemy pushed towards the Rhine .
operation market garden was the allies [try] to secure the bridgehead behind german lines , as the enemy pushed towards the rhine .

One of the victims of an alleged murder attempt has told a court how she was tied up , beaten and forced into a car which was then set alight and pushed over a hill .
one of the victims of an alleged murder [try] has told a court how she was tied up , beaten and forced into a car which was then set alight and pushed over a hill .

Oxford United continue their escape attempt .
oxford united continue their escape [try] .

Ivor Stokle and his girlfriend , Pauline Leyshon left the courtroom at Bristol , when Evans was questioned in detail about the night they 'd survived their fall in a burning car , set ablaze and pushed , say the prosecution , off the cliff in an attempt to claim £138,000 in life insurance .
ivor stokle and his girlfriend , pauline leyshon left the courtroom at bristol , when evans was questioned in detail about the night they 'd survived their fall in a burning car , set ablaze and pushed , say the prosecution , off the cliff in an [try] to claim £138,000 in life insurance .

She denied offering money to White to carry out the killing , after seeing a film showing a similar murder attempt .
she denied offering money to white to carry out the killing , after seeing a film showing a similar murder [try] .

He fought back after being shot in the head , as the Press secretary beside Ronald Reagan during an assasination attempt .
he fought back after being shot in the head , as the press secretary beside ronald reagan during an assasination [try] .

Count Nikolai Tolstoy has failed in his attempt to avoid paying libel damages .
count nikolai tolstoy has failed in his [try] to avoid paying libel damages .

The last ditch attempt to fend off polltax capping was made at a special meeting of the council in the Shire Hall .
the last ditch [try] to fend off polltax capping was made at a special meeting of the council in the shire hall .

In an attempt to find out , society members gathered at her college to remember their heroine … but is it something in the Somerville air that makes good crime writers ?
in an [try] to find out , society members gathered at her college to remember their heroine … but is it something in the somerville air that makes good crime writers ?

An earnest attempt at the Wilde life .
an earnest [try] at the wilde life .

Morland 's has fought off the first attempt by the Suffolk based company Greene King to takeover it and its three hundred pubs … By today 's deadline Green King had only picked up forty six per cent of Morland 's shares … Its now said it 'll extend its offer to Morland shareholders by another fourteen days …
morland 's has fought off the first [try] by the suffolk based company greene king to takeover it and its three hundred pubs … by today 's deadline green king had only picked up forty six per cent of morland 's shares … its now said it 'll extend its offer to morland shareholders by another fourteen days …

So who cares about royal dignity anyway … even if you do fail completely at your first attempt .
so who cares about royal dignity anyway … even if you do fail completely at your first [try] .

Two councils have obtained high court injunctions in an attempt to stop an illegal rave party going ahead .
two councils have obtained high court injunctions in an [try] to stop an illegal rave party going ahead .

The pub has made no attempt to keep up with the times … no karaoke here … just conversation .
the pub has made no [try] to keep up with the times … no karaoke here … just conversation .

Mountain bike enthusiast , Martin Richmond gave up his job as an environmental scientist for British Coal at Stoke Orchard in Gloucestershire to make the world record attempt .
mountain bike enthusiast , martin richmond gave up his job as an environmental scientist for british coal at stoke orchard in gloucestershire to make the world record [try] .

But many seals and otters are now dying on inaccessible rocks and today 's high winds are preventing any rescue attempt .
but many seals and otters are now dying on inaccessible rocks and today 's high winds are preventing any rescue [try] .

The training tempo increases over the next few weeks … as cox and crew alike attempt to learn all they can about the famous course .
the training tempo increases over the next few weeks … as cox and crew alike [try] to learn all they can about the famous course .

David 's first attempt at the challenge last year had to be abandoned because the ice began to melt .
david 's first [try] at the challenge last year had to be abandoned because the ice began to melt .

But agile he is n't ; witness this rather half-hearted attempt at the long jump .
but agile he is n't ; witness this rather half-hearted [try] at the long jump .

Police are parading a range of race and rally cars in an attempt to make speeding motorists slow down .
police are parading a range of race and rally cars in an [try] to make speeding motorists slow down .

An attempt to remove Kevin Maxwell has been mooted for some time .
an [try] to remove kevin maxwell has been mooted for some time .

Imported Indian artefacts are on display and you could attempt to barter , but you 'll need British currency to buy .
imported indian artefacts are on display and you could [try] to barter , but you 'll need british currency to buy .

Stars from bands like Deep Purple and Roxy Music will join Gary Moore and Sam Brown in an attempt to raise thirty thousand pounds .
stars from bands like deep purple and roxy music will join gary moore and sam brown in an [try] to raise thirty thousand pounds .

Security at the site was heavy in an attempt to keep trouble at bay .
security at the site was heavy in an [try] to keep trouble at bay .

Three people have been released on police bail following an attempt to smuggle drugs into a prison .
three people have been released on police bail following an [try] to smuggle drugs into a prison .

This is the launch of the government 's latest attempt to conserve the endangered countryside .
this is the launch of the government 's latest [try] to conserve the endangered countryside .

9 years in jail for a failed attempt to gas his wife at their home in Gloucestershire .
9 years in jail for a failed [try] to gas his wife at their home in gloucestershire .

Shock tactics are being used in an attempt to stop persistent drink drivers .
shock tactics are being used in an [try] to stop persistent drink drivers .

Military police have foiled what 's believed to have been another attempt to attack and mutilate horses .
military police have foiled what 's believed to have been another [try] to attack and mutilate horses .

The Government has gone back to the Appeal COurt tonight in a second attempt to stop Central Television screening the first filmed interview with mass murderer Dennis Nilsen .
the government has gone back to the appeal court tonight in a second [try] to stop central television screening the first filmed interview with mass murderer dennis nilsen .

Welcome back : Speedway fans are making a last ditch attempt tonight to save one of the sport 's most influential clubs .
welcome back : speedway fans are making a last ditch [try] tonight to save one of the sport 's most influential clubs .

Police investigating the murder of a pensioner have begun interviewing shoppers in an attempt to catch his killer .
police investigating the murder of a pensioner have begun interviewing shoppers in an [try] to catch his killer .

It was that determination which gave her doctors and parents such hope when she underwent a heart and lung transplant ; a last ditch attempt to save her , after her lungs were virtually destroyed by the disease Cystic Fibrosis .
it was that determination which gave her doctors and parents such hope when she underwent a heart and lung transplant ; a last ditch [try] to save her , after her lungs were virtually destroyed by the disease cystic fibrosis .

attempt to go past
[try] to go past

You know , just so you know what it is , so when you come into the lesson next week you 'll be able to sit down and attempt it .
you know , just so you know what it is , so when you come into the lesson next week you 'll be able to sit down and [try] it .

assassination attempt
assassination [try]

So , maybe in the light of that they 'll have to attempt put it back to them again .
so , maybe in the light of that they 'll have to [try] put it back to them again .

That 's quite a good attempt though is n't it ?
that 's quite a good [try] though is n't it ?

Those remaining after the receivers began the ‘ painful ’ task of cutting jobs in an attempt to avoid the total closure of the company feared more losses in the near future .
those remaining after the receivers began the ‘ painful ’ task of cutting jobs in an [try] to avoid the total closure of the company feared more losses in the near future .

He will attempt to counter the Oppositions ' attacks on the rise in unemployment by arguing that Scotland has a higher proportion of people in work than any other European country except Denmark and Luxembourg .
he will [try] to counter the oppositions ' attacks on the rise in unemployment by arguing that scotland has a higher proportion of people in work than any other european country except denmark and luxembourg .

It was feared that the team , which included two Americans and a German , could run out of food and suffer hardship if a rescue attempt was not successful .
it was feared that the team , which included two americans and a german , could run out of food and suffer hardship if a rescue [try] was not successful .

The government begins two days of negotiations today with Inkatha in an attempt to persuade the touchy Zulu leader that the ANC-government pact is not designed to exclude other smaller parties .
the government begins two days of negotiations today with inkatha in an [try] to persuade the touchy zulu leader that the anc-government pact is not designed to exclude other smaller parties .

Party activists also point out that Labour 's attempt to move its agenda away from the constitutional issue and on to ‘ bread and butter ’ issues such as jobs and water , has in effect led to a policy commitment which gives even greater weight to the role of a future Scottish parliament .
party activists also point out that labour 's [try] to move its agenda away from the constitutional issue and on to ‘ bread and butter ’ issues such as jobs and water , has in effect led to a policy commitment which gives even greater weight to the role of a future scottish parliament .

Last night , as a tug prepared to remain on standby overnight , with a fresh refloating attempt planned for this morning , an environmental row erupted .
last night , as a tug prepared to remain on standby overnight , with a fresh refloating [try] planned for this morning , an environmental row erupted .

Both organisations will be allowed to canvass tenants and stage public meetings in an attempt to swing the ballot vote in their favour .
both organisations will be allowed to canvass tenants and stage public meetings in an [try] to swing the ballot vote in their favour .

The convoy would stay overnight in Loznica , in Serbia , and make a fresh attempt to reach Cerska today she said .
the convoy would stay overnight in loznica , in serbia , and make a fresh [try] to reach cerska today she said .

The two-day meeting , called the Second Emergency Restoration-Unification Congress , formally restored the Russian Communist Party that lost much of its prestige , power and resources after the August 1991 coup attempt against Mikhail Gorbachev .
the two-day meeting , called the second emergency restoration-unification congress , formally restored the russian communist party that lost much of its prestige , power and resources after the august 1991 coup [try] against mikhail gorbachev .

Having proved he can hurt everyone , Clinton then has to do the Democrat thing , and attempt to fine-tune the economy .
having proved he can hurt everyone , clinton then has to do the democrat thing , and [try] to fine-tune the economy .

Those screens are specially designed so that only the driver can open them , in an attempt to prevent incidents like the one Mr Seymour experienced .
those screens are specially designed so that only the driver can open them , in an [try] to prevent incidents like the one mr seymour experienced .

Marine pollution specialists stressed that the diesel was likely to disperse — but an attempt will be made today to pump ashore 40 tonnes of fuel which is still on board .
marine pollution specialists stressed that the diesel was likely to disperse — but an [try] will be made today to pump ashore 40 tonnes of fuel which is still on board .

Extra police were drafted in to attempt to move the crowds away .
extra police were drafted in to [try] to move the crowds away .

‘ It 's money that has gone missing and the High Court proceedings are an attempt to recover it .
‘ it 's money that has gone missing and the high court proceedings are an [try] to recover it .

Supt Max Wallace , the officer heading the police operation , said no attempt would be made to end the siege by force and that the police were prepared to sit it our for days if necessary .
supt max wallace , the officer heading the police operation , said no [try] would be made to end the siege by force and that the police were prepared to sit it our for days if necessary .

Union representatives at the plant have called for the reconvening of a meeting with the Scottish industry minister , Allan Stewart , whom they met last Friday in an attempt to win government backing for their fight against the redundancies .
union representatives at the plant have called for the reconvening of a meeting with the scottish industry minister , allan stewart , whom they met last friday in an [try] to win government backing for their fight against the redundancies .

An attempt to clarify the position as to what works would or would not be affected by the ban had further confused the issue .
an [try] to clarify the position as to what works would or would not be affected by the ban had further confused the issue .

Mr Stewart gave warning against any attempt to tackle , as Mr Clarke suggested , the sector 's ‘ vested interests ’ to ensure that everyone benefited .
mr stewart gave warning against any [try] to tackle , as mr clarke suggested , the sector 's ‘ vested interests ’ to ensure that everyone benefited .

Mr Salmond said : ‘ As soon as circumstances allow , Smith will resume his attempt to water down the manifesto on which Labour won the general election in Scotland .
mr salmond said : ‘ as soon as circumstances allow , smith will resume his [try] to water down the manifesto on which labour won the general election in scotland .

In his attempt to appeal to Basildon Man , Smith has lifted the anchor of ideology and set Labour adrift on a sea of fudge .
in his [try] to appeal to basildon man , smith has lifted the anchor of ideology and set labour adrift on a sea of fudge .

But the conservatives , fearing a Mitterrand manoeuvre to split them , have denounced the proposed reforms as an attempt to distract voters .
but the conservatives , fearing a mitterrand manoeuvre to split them , have denounced the proposed reforms as an [try] to distract voters .

It would stop along the route and attempt to pass the Serb blockade in the morning .
it would stop along the route and [try] to pass the serb blockade in the morning .

He wants to breath new fire into the cause of aggressive free market Conservatism at the point in political history when it is being discredited and there is a muddled attempt to return to consensual government .
he wants to breath new fire into the cause of aggressive free market conservatism at the point in political history when it is being discredited and there is a muddled [try] to return to consensual government .

Disabled man survives new attempt on life
disabled man survives new [try] on life

Mr Smith saw the move to ensure the institution 's senior management were elected and accountable as a straightforward wrecking attempt .
mr smith saw the move to ensure the institution 's senior management were elected and accountable as a straightforward wrecking [try] .

Attempt to block Falkirk meeting refused by judge
[try] to block falkirk meeting refused by judge

The Scottish Office announced yesterday that the attempt to use the Government 's opt-out law to thwart Strathclyde Region 's plans to close the school had not succeeded .
the scottish office announced yesterday that the [try] to use the government 's opt-out law to thwart strathclyde region 's plans to close the school had not succeeded .

In Dunblane — in the most plausible opt-out attempt so far — parents at St Mary 's Episcopal primary school are seeking to halt Central Region 's plans to reduce the school from three to two teachers .
in dunblane — in the most plausible opt-out [try] so far — parents at st mary 's episcopal primary school are seeking to halt central region 's plans to reduce the school from three to two teachers .

‘ There has been a deliberate attempt to smash the trade union movement and radically alter the economy . ’
‘ there has been a deliberate [try] to smash the trade union movement and radically alter the economy . ’

The Court of Session action is being raised by the lord provost of Edinburgh , Norman Irons , and the Sheriff-Principal of Lothian and Borders , Gordon Nicholson , in an attempt to reassert their rights as co-trustees of the Torrie Collection .
the court of session action is being raised by the lord provost of edinburgh , norman irons , and the sheriff-principal of lothian and borders , gordon nicholson , in an [try] to reassert their rights as co-trustees of the torrie collection .

Youth accused of murder attempt
youth accused of murder [try]

Swan Salvage , of Peterhead , claims the weather has not been favourable to attempt to raise the 60-ton Pescado from 90ft of water .
swan salvage , of peterhead , claims the weather has not been favourable to [try] to raise the 60-ton pescado from 90ft of water .

But what is most to be welcomed about the current spate of rhetorical outrage from politicians is the emerging consensus between Labour and the Tories on a new approach — an attempt to fill the moral vacuum , to look at society as a whole for the flaws .
but what is most to be welcomed about the current spate of rhetorical outrage from politicians is the emerging consensus between labour and the tories on a new approach — an [try] to fill the moral vacuum , to look at society as a whole for the flaws .

Last week they went to the Court of Session in an unsuccessful attempt to have Thursday 's meeting blocked .
last week they went to the court of session in an unsuccessful [try] to have thursday 's meeting blocked .

One of those was that the Deanses would not attempt to appoint a majority of their supporters to the board , but would work together with Mr Moffat and Mr Johnston ‘ and a further director of standing . ’
one of those was that the deanses would not [try] to appoint a majority of their supporters to the board , but would work together with mr moffat and mr johnston ‘ and a further director of standing . ’

Girl , 9 , is charged with baby murder attempt
girl , 9 , is charged with baby murder [try]

In a development that highlighted Rosyth 's struggle to survive , the MoD last night confirmed it was giving serious consideration to an attempt by Devonport to poach a £28 million ship refitting contract already awarded to the Fife yard .
in a development that highlighted rosyth 's struggle to survive , the mod last night confirmed it was giving serious consideration to an [try] by devonport to poach a £28 million ship refitting contract already awarded to the fife yard .

The university authorities claimed after the talks that they had offered a package of generous proposals in an attempt to settle the dispute .
the university authorities claimed after the talks that they had offered a package of generous proposals in an [try] to settle the dispute .

The defence minister , Pavel Grachev , in a television interview , warned dissident officers corps who he said were trying to drag the army into politics in an attempt to seize power .
the defence minister , pavel grachev , in a television interview , warned dissident officers corps who he said were trying to drag the army into politics in an [try] to seize power .

‘ They did n't attempt to clear the area of fighting , particularly since it was at night … We did intervene in securing the compounds of aid agencies … but we ca n't get involved in fighting with isolated groups . ’
‘ they did n't [try] to clear the area of fighting , particularly since it was at night … we did intervene in securing the compounds of aid agencies … but we ca n't get involved in fighting with isolated groups . ’

There are practical difficulties which confront any attempt to fly in supplies to those in need .
there are practical difficulties which confront any [try] to fly in supplies to those in need .

Union leaders accused the principal of scaremongering in an attempt to wreck today 's strike .
union leaders accused the principal of scaremongering in an [try] to wreck today 's strike .

At the second attempt he presented voters with a painstakingly worked out proposal which included among its measures the recognition of Quebec as a distinct society , the right of natives to govern themselves and reform of the senate .
at the second [try] he presented voters with a painstakingly worked out proposal which included among its measures the recognition of quebec as a distinct society , the right of natives to govern themselves and reform of the senate .

The first is that little attempt seems to be made to monitor the leisure time of children , particularly in the evenings .
the first is that little [try] seems to be made to monitor the leisure time of children , particularly in the evenings .

During the Thatcher years Labour ditched one left-wing policy after another in an attempt to convince the voters of the southern region of England that it had ‘ moderated itself ’ .
during the thatcher years labour ditched one left-wing policy after another in an [try] to convince the voters of the southern region of england that it had ‘ moderated itself ’ .

Word reached one of the partners and a late attempt was made to stop him .
word reached one of the partners and a late [try] was made to stop him .

But last December , with the new chief of police , Willie Williams , in position , there was an attempt at a repeat riot .
but last december , with the new chief of police , willie williams , in position , there was an [try] at a repeat riot .

Mr Lamont and the Prime Minister betrayed their nervousness about the pound by ruling out further interest rate cuts in the near future in an attempt to reassure foreign markets .
mr lamont and the prime minister betrayed their nervousness about the pound by ruling out further interest rate cuts in the near future in an [try] to reassure foreign markets .

The bid comes nearly 13 years after Unigate made its first , unsuccessful , attempt to buy Clifford and follows the latter 's announcement in October of a 60 per cent drop in first-half profits to £1.03 million .
the bid comes nearly 13 years after unigate made its first , unsuccessful , [try] to buy clifford and follows the latter 's announcement in october of a 60 per cent drop in first-half profits to £1.03 million .

Mr Wiseman also hinted he had found a prominent milk producer to lead his attempt to recruit dairy farmers to supply milk directly to his dairies .
mr wiseman also hinted he had found a prominent milk producer to lead his [try] to recruit dairy farmers to supply milk directly to his dairies .

‘ This will be yet another attempt to rid the industry of its Victorian mill image , demonstrating our place in the international market place ’ , Mr Chlopas said .
‘ this will be yet another [try] to rid the industry of its victorian mill image , demonstrating our place in the international market place ’ , mr chlopas said .

But analysts recalled that Mr Parra had spent the two weeks before the talks touring member states in an attempt to secure a deal that would remove at least 1 million bpd from the oil market as demand falls with the onset of warmer One analyst said that the delay in reaching agreement had unsettled the market .
but analysts recalled that mr parra had spent the two weeks before the talks touring member states in an [try] to secure a deal that would remove at least 1 million bpd from the oil market as demand falls with the onset of warmer one analyst said that the delay in reaching agreement had unsettled the market .

He called for both prosecution and defence to declare their hands fully to each other before the start of a serious fraud case in an attempt to speed up proceedings .
he called for both prosecution and defence to declare their hands fully to each other before the start of a serious fraud case in an [try] to speed up proceedings .

Yesterday , the management threatened to issue dismissal notices to the 300 out of the 400 workforce , and about 200 demonstrated at the locked factory gates in an attempt to return to work .
yesterday , the management threatened to issue dismissal notices to the 300 out of the 400 workforce , and about 200 demonstrated at the locked factory gates in an [try] to return to work .

After ordering that Ward 's court costs were to be paid by the British taxpayer he called for both prosecution and defence in fraud trials to declare their hands to each other before the start of a serious fraud case in an attempt to speed up the proceedings .
after ordering that ward 's court costs were to be paid by the british taxpayer he called for both prosecution and defence in fraud trials to declare their hands to each other before the start of a serious fraud case in an [try] to speed up the proceedings .

John Hoerner , who became Burton 's chief executive 12 months ago , plans to upgrade the group 's 1,700 high street stores and 88 Debenhams branches in an attempt to win back customers .
john hoerner , who became burton 's chief executive 12 months ago , plans to upgrade the group 's 1,700 high street stores and 88 debenhams branches in an [try] to win back customers .

It was an unfortunate choice of phrase when memories are still fresh of the summer of discontent when workers staged sit-downs on some platforms in an attempt to secure better conditions .
it was an unfortunate choice of phrase when memories are still fresh of the summer of discontent when workers staged sit-downs on some platforms in an [try] to secure better conditions .

The £113 million attempt to take the company private collapsed in December , when Mr Sugar failed to gain enough votes from independent shareholders .
the £113 million [try] to take the company private collapsed in december , when mr sugar failed to gain enough votes from independent shareholders .

The rise in oil prices towards $19 a barrel yesterday indicated that some traders are taking seriously the latest efforts by the Organisation of Petroleum Exporting Countries to trim output in an attempt to achieve a target level of at least $21 a barrel .
the rise in oil prices towards $19 a barrel yesterday indicated that some traders are taking seriously the latest efforts by the organisation of petroleum exporting countries to trim output in an [try] to achieve a target level of at least $21 a barrel .

The decision to put the Scottish Office contract out to tender is an example of ‘ market testing ’ — an attempt to see if alternative sources can give better service and value for money than government departments and agencies .
the decision to put the scottish office contract out to tender is an example of ‘ market testing ’ — an [try] to see if alternative sources can give better service and value for money than government departments and agencies .

Gholamreza Awazadeh , the country 's oil minister , said the move was in line with the deal agreed last week by the Organisation of Petroleum Exporting Countries to trim supplies in an attempt to support prices .
gholamreza awazadeh , the country 's oil minister , said the move was in line with the deal agreed last week by the organisation of petroleum exporting countries to trim supplies in an [try] to support prices .

‘ We have had an attempt to talk down the successes purely for party political gain because of the General Election , ’ he said .
‘ we have had an [try] to talk down the successes purely for party political gain because of the general election , ’ he said .

In 1989 councillors unsuccessfully invited tenders for a refreshment facility in an attempt to encourage more drivers to use the site .
in 1989 councillors unsuccessfully invited tenders for a refreshment facility in an [try] to encourage more drivers to use the site .

Coun Peter Jones ( Con ) said it was madness to use Labour candidate Alan Milburn in the attempt to bring the company to the town .
coun peter jones ( con ) said it was madness to use labour candidate alan milburn in the [try] to bring the company to the town .

And they have warned the Government that any attempt to impose cuts will be met with fierce opposition .
and they have warned the government that any [try] to impose cuts will be met with fierce opposition .

Much bigger than anything we could attempt on London 's Burning .
much bigger than anything we could [try] on london 's burning .

And in Billingham , Cleveland , trainees at the Astra Training Centre have launched a last minute attempt to save their courses .
and in billingham , cleveland , trainees at the astra training centre have launched a last minute [try] to save their courses .

Traffic wardens and police patrols have been told to watch for motorists who might attempt to break the rules .
traffic wardens and police patrols have been told to watch for motorists who might [try] to break the rules .

Traffic wardens and police patrols have been given instructions to keep a careful watch for motorists who may attempt to break the new rules .
traffic wardens and police patrols have been given instructions to keep a careful watch for motorists who may [try] to break the new rules .

It was at the bottom of a 5ft deep pit and no attempt had been made to disguise the body .
it was at the bottom of a 5ft deep pit and no [try] had been made to disguise the body .

Police plan to have the pictures enlarged in an attempt to identify the thief , who abandoned the smashed car and ran away .
police plan to have the pictures enlarged in an [try] to identify the thief , who abandoned the smashed car and ran away .

You could have been killed by your own foolhardiness and so could others in an attempt to find you .
you could have been killed by your own foolhardiness and so could others in an [try] to find you .

An attempt to steal horses two weeks ago near Thornhill was thwarted when the raiders were disturbed .
an [try] to steal horses two weeks ago near thornhill was thwarted when the raiders were disturbed .

Police and Scottish National Farmers Union officials in Dumfries and Galloway are urging farmers to set up farm watch schemes in an attempt to combat the attacks .
police and scottish national farmers union officials in dumfries and galloway are urging farmers to set up farm watch schemes in an [try] to combat the attacks .

Political leaders said the latest killings in Natal province were a deliberate attempt to scuttle the country 's fragile democracy talks .
political leaders said the latest killings in natal province were a deliberate [try] to scuttle the country 's fragile democracy talks .

The management plan referred to in your report was drawn up by East Lothian District Council for the developers , Parkdale Archerfield Ltd , to attempt to persuade Scottish Natural Heritage to withdraw its objection to the planning application .
the management plan referred to in your report was drawn up by east lothian district council for the developers , parkdale archerfield ltd , to [try] to persuade scottish natural heritage to withdraw its objection to the planning application .

Man accused of kidnap attempt
man accused of kidnap [try]

Specialists from the Cambridge-based Sea Mammal Research Unit believe that they are unable to find a way out and that a rescue attempt may be needed .
specialists from the cambridge-based sea mammal research unit believe that they are unable to find a way out and that a rescue [try] may be needed .

Over the coming weeks councillors will attempt to cover the £200,000 loss by finding other areas in this year 's budget where there has been an underspend .
over the coming weeks councillors will [try] to cover the £200,000 loss by finding other areas in this year 's budget where there has been an underspend .

The attempt on his life , in which he is understood to have injected himself with a drug overdose , was his third since his arrest .
the [try] on his life , in which he is understood to have injected himself with a drug overdose , was his third since his arrest .

Now , the world 's most intensive investigation into the effects of disorders such as anorexia nervosa is about to begin in Scotland in an attempt to find out what can be done to help .
now , the world 's most intensive investigation into the effects of disorders such as anorexia nervosa is about to begin in scotland in an [try] to find out what can be done to help .

He said he had been right to prevent the earlier attempt to censure Mr Gilbert .
he said he had been right to prevent the earlier [try] to censure mr gilbert .

Working together , they have produced guidelines for people working with prisoners in an attempt to help with accommodation problems and prevent homelessness and insecurity .
working together , they have produced guidelines for people working with prisoners in an [try] to help with accommodation problems and prevent homelessness and insecurity .

The attempt by the schools to use opt-out law to prevent closure has led to a row between Strathclyde and the Scottish Secretary , Ian Lang .
the [try] by the schools to use opt-out law to prevent closure has led to a row between strathclyde and the scottish secretary , ian lang .

An attempt by Dalmuir parents to take the school out of council control was rejected recently by the Scottish Office .
an [try] by dalmuir parents to take the school out of council control was rejected recently by the scottish office .

More cash for teacher training and reassurances about the policy came yesterday from the Scottish education minister , Lord James Douglas-Hamilton , in an attempt to quell growing concern about the costs and effects of a rapid change .
more cash for teacher training and reassurances about the policy came yesterday from the scottish education minister , lord james douglas-hamilton , in an [try] to quell growing concern about the costs and effects of a rapid change .

Tony Martin , a whale biologist at the Cambridge-based Sea Mammal Research Unit , told the meeting that a rescue attempt would need to be made soon .
tony martin , a whale biologist at the cambridge-based sea mammal research unit , told the meeting that a rescue [try] would need to be made soon .

He said a rescue attempt should be made soon once suitable equipment could be found and the sound of the females should be played to the males .
he said a rescue [try] should be made soon once suitable equipment could be found and the sound of the females should be played to the males .

Fr Morrow said he had acted ‘ in an attempt to prevent future comatose , disabled and elderly patients from sharing the fate of Tony Bland ’ .
fr morrow said he had acted ‘ in an [try] to prevent future comatose , disabled and elderly patients from sharing the fate of tony bland ’ .

‘ They have also to be congratulated for their willingness to talk openly to outsiders such as school pupils about the problems caused by alcohol dependency in an attempt to help reduce the problem within the community . ’
‘ they have also to be congratulated for their willingness to talk openly to outsiders such as school pupils about the problems caused by alcohol dependency in an [try] to help reduce the problem within the community . ’

Roderick Newall is due to appear before Gibraltar 's Court of Appeal next week in an attempt to block a tape recording of an alleged confession being played at his extradition hearing .
roderick newall is due to appear before gibraltar 's court of appeal next week in an [try] to block a tape recording of an alleged confession being played at his extradition hearing .

Prison authorities on the Rock said he was taken to hospital after guards spotted him about to make an attempt on his own life early on Sunday .
prison authorities on the rock said he was taken to hospital after guards spotted him about to make an [try] on his own life early on sunday .

Fireman tells trial of blast rescue attempt
fireman tells trial of blast rescue [try]

Lord Morison said it had been argued that the unique and novel attempt by the Mullan family to establish something which the Crown had failed to do in a criminal case raised questions of general importance .
lord morison said it had been argued that the unique and novel [try] by the mullan family to establish something which the crown had failed to do in a criminal case raised questions of general importance .

It is a clear attempt to evade the question that is being put .
it is a clear [try] to evade the question that is being put .

In Britain the Chinese ambassador , Ma Yuzhen , has been actively lobbying MPs , apparently in an attempt to break the parliamentary consensus behind Mr Patten .
in britain the chinese ambassador , ma yuzhen , has been actively lobbying mps , apparently in an [try] to break the parliamentary consensus behind mr patten .

In an attempt to prevent any repetition of the scandal , the board decided that all senior management should be full members of staff .
in an [try] to prevent any repetition of the scandal , the board decided that all senior management should be full members of staff .

Their statement was interpreted as an attempt to distance themselves from the so-called ‘ Central Belt activists ’ who withdrew their strongly worded motion at the executive and voted with the six on the statement drawn up by Councillor Rob Gibson which regretted the MPs ' actions .
their statement was interpreted as an [try] to distance themselves from the so-called ‘ central belt activists ’ who withdrew their strongly worded motion at the executive and voted with the six on the statement drawn up by councillor rob gibson which regretted the mps ' actions .

Red Hot Television hopes to rush its case to court in an attempt to overturn the ban .
red hot television hopes to rush its case to court in an [try] to overturn the ban .

The ministers , from seven Arab countries , met in Tunis on Thursday night and yesterday for a fresh attempt to resolve the stalemate .
the ministers , from seven arab countries , met in tunis on thursday night and yesterday for a fresh [try] to resolve the stalemate .

Hardliners fail in attempt to oust president immediately
hardliners fail in [try] to oust president immediately

‘ Any attempt to split the army forces could lead to bloodshed , ’ he told deputies .
‘ any [try] to split the army forces could lead to bloodshed , ’ he told deputies .

Attempt to create a record curry hots up
[try] to create a record curry hots up

His previous attempt on the world record was abandoned last year in Glasgow after health officials questioned whether the heat source would be powerful enough to heat the curry all the way through .
his previous [try] on the world record was abandoned last year in glasgow after health officials questioned whether the heat source would be powerful enough to heat the curry all the way through .

Pickets broke through the police lines and flung themselves into the road in an attempt to stop the vehicles .
pickets broke through the police lines and flung themselves into the road in an [try] to stop the vehicles .

No early attempt will be made to rebuild his face .
no early [try] will be made to rebuild his face .

Attempt to speed up pit closure white paper
[try] to speed up pit closure white paper

The Prime Minister called together ministers at the centre of the dispute in an attempt to speed publication of the delayed white paper on the closure programme .
the prime minister called together ministers at the centre of the dispute in an [try] to speed publication of the delayed white paper on the closure programme .

In 1976 , Mr Clark Hutchison underlined his opposition to the establishment of a Scottish assembly by making an unsuccessful attempt to block Government plans to spend £1 million on the purchase and conversion of the Royal High School , Edinburgh , to house the Scottish assembly .
in 1976 , mr clark hutchison underlined his opposition to the establishment of a scottish assembly by making an unsuccessful [try] to block government plans to spend £1 million on the purchase and conversion of the royal high school , edinburgh , to house the scottish assembly .

But the attempt to hold them would lead to an even bigger crisis between president and legislature .
but the [try] to hold them would lead to an even bigger crisis between president and legislature .

‘ It was a deliberate attempt to try to distort the size of Highland Region , he said .
‘ it was a deliberate [try] to try to distort the size of highland region , he said .

He called a meeting of senior Cabinet members and energy ministers in an attempt to get agreement on the proposed white paper on energy , which has been delayed for more than two months .
he called a meeting of senior cabinet members and energy ministers in an [try] to get agreement on the proposed white paper on energy , which has been delayed for more than two months .

Kenya 's attempt at economic change did not last long .
kenya 's [try] at economic change did not last long .

University lecturers , politicians , trade unionists and showbusiness figures rubbed shoulders with the citizens of Dublin in an attempt to drive home a message of peace to the men of violence .
university lecturers , politicians , trade unionists and showbusiness figures rubbed shoulders with the citizens of dublin in an [try] to drive home a message of peace to the men of violence .

‘ His death is part of the ongoing campaign against members of Sinn Fein which also saw last night 's murder attempt on the family of Councillor Gerard McGuigan . ’
‘ his death is part of the ongoing campaign against members of sinn fein which also saw last night 's murder [try] on the family of councillor gerard mcguigan . ’

Mr Mullin said that any attempt to persuade clubs to end discrimination by blocking their entitlement to rates relief was illegal .
mr mullin said that any [try] to persuade clubs to end discrimination by blocking their entitlement to rates relief was illegal .

Ian Lang , the Scottish Secretary , was among Government members forced to delay foreign trips for a crucial attempt to speed progress on the troubled European Communities ( Amendment ) Bill .
ian lang , the scottish secretary , was among government members forced to delay foreign trips for a crucial [try] to speed progress on the troubled european communities ( amendment ) bill .

Political analysts said Tuesday 's outspoken comments by Mr Chirac — like Mr Giscard d'Estaing a candidate for the presidency — seemed to be a tactic to dissuade Mr Mitterrand from offering him the premiership rather than an attempt to force the president out immediately .
political analysts said tuesday 's outspoken comments by mr chirac — like mr giscard d'estaing a candidate for the presidency — seemed to be a tactic to dissuade mr mitterrand from offering him the premiership rather than an [try] to force the president out immediately .

He also had a private meeting with the speaker of parliament and the president of the Constitutional Court , two of his leading opponents , in an attempt to seek a compromise .
he also had a private meeting with the speaker of parliament and the president of the constitutional court , two of his leading opponents , in an [try] to seek a compromise .

‘ We managed to shepherd five down at the second attempt but one straggler broke free .
‘ we managed to shepherd five down at the second [try] but one straggler broke free .

Bernadette Devlin had a close call , but she survived the assassination attempt against her .
bernadette devlin had a close call , but she survived the assassination [try] against her .

It did not start the cauldron brewing but its members reacted to the simmering unrest that was their inheritance with an honest attempt to apply minds to what had always been the province of bigotry and emotion .
it did not start the cauldron brewing but its members reacted to the simmering unrest that was their inheritance with an honest [try] to apply minds to what had always been the province of bigotry and emotion .

The unexpected , and probably unwelcome , advice came as the Chancellor , Norman Lamont , was busy rewriting the Budget speech in an attempt to secure his own political survival .
the unexpected , and probably unwelcome , advice came as the chancellor , norman lamont , was busy rewriting the budget speech in an [try] to secure his own political survival .

The problem for Mr Lamont is that he has to attempt to control the public spending deficit but at the same time not take any measures that might stall a sluggish recovery .
the problem for mr lamont is that he has to [try] to control the public spending deficit but at the same time not take any measures that might stall a sluggish recovery .

Although the Government signalled in the autumn that growth was the priority , Mr Lamont may still be sufficiently Thatcherite on economic policy to make an attempt to curb the deficit and if taxes have to be raised , the first Budget after the general election is a good time to get it over with .
although the government signalled in the autumn that growth was the priority , mr lamont may still be sufficiently thatcherite on economic policy to make an [try] to curb the deficit and if taxes have to be raised , the first budget after the general election is a good time to get it over with .

It is an attempt to control people 's minds .
it is an [try] to control people 's minds .

The acquisition of 13.4 million shares an 8.4 per cent stake in Owners Abroad by Thomas Cook in an attempt to block the Airtours bid pushed Owners Abroad shares down 9p to 138p .
the acquisition of 13.4 million shares an 8.4 per cent stake in owners abroad by thomas cook in an [try] to block the airtours bid pushed owners abroad shares down 9p to 138p .

The producers cartel set the quotas in an attempt to prevent over-supply of the fuel causing a price slump when demand falls with the onset of warmer weather .
the producers cartel set the quotas in an [try] to prevent over-supply of the fuel causing a price slump when demand falls with the onset of warmer weather .

Mr Lamont , who sees the Budget as his attempt at political rehabilitation , was boastful , saying he believed last year 's Budget had contributed to the Tory victory at the election and this one would also prove a winner in the next election in 1996 ‘ or whenever the election comes ’ .
mr lamont , who sees the budget as his [try] at political rehabilitation , was boastful , saying he believed last year 's budget had contributed to the tory victory at the election and this one would also prove a winner in the next election in 1996 ‘ or whenever the election comes ’ .

It is not a calculation which any member of the public should attempt by himself or herself and it should certainly not tend to discourage people from seeking legal advice on problems when they need it .
it is not a calculation which any member of the public should [try] by himself or herself and it should certainly not tend to discourage people from seeking legal advice on problems when they need it .

It is just as well that the tax price index , introduced by Nigel Lawson in an attempt to distract attention away from the inflationary impact of switching taxation from direct to indirect taxes , has never caught on as an indicator .
it is just as well that the tax price index , introduced by nigel lawson in an [try] to distract attention away from the inflationary impact of switching taxation from direct to indirect taxes , has never caught on as an indicator .

Abandonment of the reform programme would probably result in hyperinflation getting completely out of control followed by economic breakdown , default on loans and an attempt at mass emigration by an impoverished population towards Central Europe .
abandonment of the reform programme would probably result in hyperinflation getting completely out of control followed by economic breakdown , default on loans and an [try] at mass emigration by an impoverished population towards central europe .

Computers have been working overtime at corporate headquarters since last Tuesday 's announcement in an attempt to assess the impact on individual project and company cash flow .
computers have been working overtime at corporate headquarters since last tuesday 's announcement in an [try] to assess the impact on individual project and company cash flow .

But because exploration costs represent barely a fifth the total North Sea spending of about £10 billion , this may not be considered too heavy a price to pay for an attempt to switch activity towards developing some of the finds already made or maximising the returns from fields already in production .
but because exploration costs represent barely a fifth the total north sea spending of about £10 billion , this may not be considered too heavy a price to pay for an [try] to switch activity towards developing some of the finds already made or maximising the returns from fields already in production .

To make his mark , du Cann went into the City before trying his hand at politics when he was in his thirties in an attempt to gain power and influence , as well as make money .
to make his mark , du cann went into the city before trying his hand at politics when he was in his thirties in an [try] to gain power and influence , as well as make money .

The United manager , Alex Ferguson , discovered last season that there 's many a slip on the way to the championship , and he did n't attempt to conceal the importance of this Old Trafford showdown , with United leading Villa on goal difference in pursuit of their first title since 1967 .
the united manager , alex ferguson , discovered last season that there 's many a slip on the way to the championship , and he did n't [try] to conceal the importance of this old trafford showdown , with united leading villa on goal difference in pursuit of their first title since 1967 .

Hawick were showing little penetration and full-back Gregor Sharp was equally ineffective at a penalty attempt on 20 minutes .
hawick were showing little penetration and full-back gregor sharp was equally ineffective at a penalty [try] on 20 minutes .

McLean 's attempt to impersonate a tic-tac man apart — all he needed was a pair of white gloves — the game offered little in the way of entertainment , which was particularly disappointing when the outcome meant so much to both sides as far as their hopes of finishing fourth in the Premier Division was concerned .
mclean 's [try] to impersonate a tic-tac man apart — all he needed was a pair of white gloves — the game offered little in the way of entertainment , which was particularly disappointing when the outcome meant so much to both sides as far as their hopes of finishing fourth in the premier division was concerned .

The drop-goal attempt was surely the best option ; Chalmers had already just popped one over .
the drop-goal [try] was surely the best option ; chalmers had already just popped one over .

If this was his attempt to give Chloe a radical new dynamism , it was all too laboured to succeed .
if this was his [try] to give chloe a radical new dynamism , it was all too laboured to succeed .

McCoist , meanwhile , will attempt to reach the milestone of his 50th goal of the season with a plea to the Rangers fans to ‘ Bring the house down ’ .
mccoist , meanwhile , will [try] to reach the milestone of his 50th goal of the season with a plea to the rangers fans to ‘ bring the house down ’ .

Full-back Hay had the first attempt and saw his shot only partially blocked by a hesitant Snelders .
full-back hay had the first [try] and saw his shot only partially blocked by a hesitant snelders .

McPherson 's lay-off found McCall with an unobstructed view of goal but the final attempt was too delicate and Verlinden saved easily .
mcpherson 's lay-off found mccall with an unobstructed view of goal but the final [try] was too delicate and verlinden saved easily .

The finish was an apology for an attempt at goal , though the worry remained that missing the previous five games had left Gough seriously disadvantaged .
the finish was an apology for an [try] at goal , though the worry remained that missing the previous five games had left gough seriously disadvantaged .

The Newman-Haas team leader , who has negotiated to carry his favourite red No 5 on the car this season , was immediately on the pace during his first attempt at a banked oval track .
the newman-haas team leader , who has negotiated to carry his favourite red no 5 on the car this season , was immediately on the pace during his first [try] at a banked oval track .

As Rangers attempt to win the domestic treble , and hold a 12-point lead over Celtic in the Premier Division , while harbouring notions of the European Cup , Liam Brady 's side will finish their fourth season in a row without a trophy of any description .
as rangers [try] to win the domestic treble , and hold a 12-point lead over celtic in the premier division , while harbouring notions of the european cup , liam brady 's side will finish their fourth season in a row without a trophy of any description .

He did well in the middle but clearly appreciated the more rarefied atmosphere available toward the rear of the lineout where his height dissuaded the French from any real attempt to exploit Smith 's lack of inches .
he did well in the middle but clearly appreciated the more rarefied atmosphere available toward the rear of the lineout where his height dissuaded the french from any real [try] to exploit smith 's lack of inches .

Two draws by Pegg set up a 10-8 win , with Kormann being forced to attempt a draw to the two-foot from the frosty outside ice ; it slipped through to the back of the house .
two draws by pegg set up a 10-8 win , with kormann being forced to [try] a draw to the two-foot from the frosty outside ice ; it slipped through to the back of the house .

While the senior Scotland seven attempt to redeem themselves in Hong Kong , a second seven will be turning out at the Kilmarnock tournament on Sunday .
while the senior scotland seven [try] to redeem themselves in hong kong , a second seven will be turning out at the kilmarnock tournament on sunday .

This attempt to codify religious and moral education in the primary school is a mistake ; it will unnecessarily tie the hands both of teachers and of education departments .
this [try] to codify religious and moral education in the primary school is a mistake ; it will unnecessarily tie the hands both of teachers and of education departments .

But when the girl screamed Floyd immediately gave up his attempt and tried to shake hands with her .
but when the girl screamed floyd immediately gave up his [try] and tried to shake hands with her .

Council staff and independent advocates had interviewed all the rest , if possible with their relatives , in an attempt to match them with other accommodation .
council staff and independent advocates had interviewed all the rest , if possible with their relatives , in an [try] to match them with other accommodation .

Council staff and others had interviewed all the rest , if possible with their relatives , in an attempt to match them with other accommodation .
council staff and others had interviewed all the rest , if possible with their relatives , in an [try] to match them with other accommodation .

CLOSED-circuit cameras could soon be set up at Darlington Arts Centre in an attempt to stop vandalism .
closed-circuit cameras could soon be set up at darlington arts centre in an [try] to stop vandalism .

‘ The government is trying to fiddle the figures in an attempt to curry political favour just like it fiddled the unemployment figures .
‘ the government is trying to fiddle the figures in an [try] to curry political favour just like it fiddled the unemployment figures .

John Anderson , principal hydrologist with the Tay River Purification Board , is emphatic that any attempt to hold back the irresistible force of the Tay is doomed to failure .
john anderson , principal hydrologist with the tay river purification board , is emphatic that any [try] to hold back the irresistible force of the tay is doomed to failure .

With low ratio , four-wheel-drive selected in preference to the rear wheel drive high ratios recommended for road use , a combination of brute force and good tyres allows the vehicle to be forced over terrain where few would attempt to walk .
with low ratio , four-wheel-drive selected in preference to the rear wheel drive high ratios recommended for road use , a combination of brute force and good tyres allows the vehicle to be forced over terrain where few would [try] to walk .

Asked if she would abandon her attempt if they became ill she replied that she could not say in advance , and pointed out that there would be eight doctors , including one paediatric specialist , immediately to hand .
asked if she would abandon her [try] if they became ill she replied that she could not say in advance , and pointed out that there would be eight doctors , including one paediatric specialist , immediately to hand .

In an attempt to stop any counter revolution , it is having no truck with the more exotic side of fashion .
in an [try] to stop any counter revolution , it is having no truck with the more exotic side of fashion .

Bates is desperate for more success and Porterfield spent more than £6million in an attempt to produce it .
bates is desperate for more success and porterfield spent more than £6million in an [try] to produce it .

Sir Ranulph admitted the ice axe was not a latter-day attempt at emulating Trotsky 's assassin — he simply had no other walking stick .
sir ranulph admitted the ice axe was not a latter-day [try] at emulating trotsky 's assassin — he simply had no other walking stick .

In the 63rd minute , therefore , Robertson was introduced up front at the expense of a defender , McPherson , as Scotland made a belated attempt to improve on what had gone before .
in the 63rd minute , therefore , robertson was introduced up front at the expense of a defender , mcpherson , as scotland made a belated [try] to improve on what had gone before .

The Irish view the situation so seriously that Ruari Quinn , employment and enterprise minister , flew to Boston yesterday to meet Digital 's president and chief executive , Robert Palmer , in a last-ditch attempt to rescue the Galway plant .
the irish view the situation so seriously that ruari quinn , employment and enterprise minister , flew to boston yesterday to meet digital 's president and chief executive , robert palmer , in a last-ditch [try] to rescue the galway plant .

The midfield player is out of contract at Easter Road at the end of this season and Liam Brady , Celtic 's manager , would not deny weekend reports that he will attempt to sign McGinlay in the summer .
the midfield player is out of contract at easter road at the end of this season and liam brady , celtic 's manager , would not deny weekend reports that he will [try] to sign mcginlay in the summer .

Girl , 9 , charged with baby murder attempt
girl , 9 , charged with baby murder [try]

‘ There is no rift between Liam Brady and myself , ’ said Grant , the youngest member of Celtic 's seven-man board , who last season survived an attempt by fellow directors to have him removed at a special general meeting .
‘ there is no rift between liam brady and myself , ’ said grant , the youngest member of celtic 's seven-man board , who last season survived an [try] by fellow directors to have him removed at a special general meeting .

It will be the ninth occasion that Twickenham has represented the last hurdle in Scotland 's attempt to capture the Triple Crown and only once — Wilson Shaw 's match in 1938 — has the elusive prize been garnered .
it will be the ninth occasion that twickenham has represented the last hurdle in scotland 's [try] to capture the triple crown and only once — wilson shaw 's match in 1938 — has the elusive prize been garnered .

He said : ‘ People must not attempt to alleviate suffering by murder .
he said : ‘ people must not [try] to alleviate suffering by murder .

There are all sorts of ways in which one can attempt to alleviate suffering but killing your son by any method , whether starvation or some quicker execution , is not among them .
there are all sorts of ways in which one can [try] to alleviate suffering but killing your son by any method , whether starvation or some quicker execution , is not among them .

Both attempt to go as fast as possible .
both [try] to go as fast as possible .

Despite the fact that current legislation does make some attempt to provide a legal framework governing the treatment of the mentally ill , its central focus remains that of detention .
despite the fact that current legislation does make some [try] to provide a legal framework governing the treatment of the mentally ill , its central focus remains that of detention .

’ The latest part of his attempt is to hire a real big band to entertain the organisation of which he is chairman , the Dolphin Sunday Dance Club of Darlington .
’ the latest part of his [try] is to hire a real big band to entertain the organisation of which he is chairman , the dolphin sunday dance club of darlington .

The group , which hopes to raise £10,000 , plans to write to some of Darlington 's major employers in an attempt to secure sponsorship .
the group , which hopes to raise £10,000 , plans to write to some of darlington 's major employers in an [try] to secure sponsorship .

His first attempt , four years ago , had to be put on hold through lack of cash and the right cast .
his first [try] , four years ago , had to be put on hold through lack of cash and the right cast .

‘ This is desperate attempt to crawl out of the hole that he has dug himself .
‘ this is desperate [try] to crawl out of the hole that he has dug himself .

He also hit the post with another attempt and winger Taff Jolly followed up to touch down .
he also hit the post with another [try] and winger taff jolly followed up to touch down .

‘ Just the job , ’ thought the enthusiastic Gary , and thus became the first person in history to attempt to convert a quartet of Jehovah 's Witness .
‘ just the job , ’ thought the enthusiastic gary , and thus became the first person in history to [try] to convert a quartet of jehovah 's witness .

And all four say they will be out canvassing almost every night in an attempt to woo the waverers among Darlington 's 66,885 electorate .
and all four say they will be out canvassing almost every night in an [try] to woo the waverers among darlington 's 66,885 electorate .

Novos ' brave attempt to make a game of it was rewarded with a try tight up against the left wing touchline by Gus Walker .
novos ' brave [try] to make a game of it was rewarded with a try tight up against the left wing touchline by gus walker .

‘ They defused the first two and had three attempts at the third , but on the third attempt it blew up killing a major and his assistant lost his right arm when a hatch-door blew off . ’
‘ they defused the first two and had three attempts at the third , but on the third [try] it blew up killing a major and his assistant lost his right arm when a hatch-door blew off . ’

It would be even more frivolous to mention the editor of Another Paper who made a gallant attempt on the world kebab eating record .
it would be even more frivolous to mention the editor of another paper who made a gallant [try] on the world kebab eating record .

Aware he had the measure of Rushing Wild , he looked over his shoulder in an attempt to find The Fellow .
aware he had the measure of rushing wild , he looked over his shoulder in an [try] to find the fellow .

Sonar attempt to free sperm whales
sonar [try] to free sperm whales

It has been decided to play the tape in an attempt to entice them out of the enclosed channel .
it has been decided to play the tape in an [try] to entice them out of the enclosed channel .

But Kelly insists Taylor will be allowed to complete his attempt to return to America for next summer 's finals from the three final qualifying games against Poland , Holland and San Marino next autumn .
but kelly insists taylor will be allowed to complete his [try] to return to america for next summer 's finals from the three final qualifying games against poland , holland and san marino next autumn .

Yesterday , Martin Eaglestone , chairperson of the North Wales Local Government Committee which represents 8,000 workers , said that Nalgo welcomed any serious attempt by the Welsh Office to meet the aspirations of staff .
yesterday , martin eaglestone , chairperson of the north wales local government committee which represents 8,000 workers , said that nalgo welcomed any serious [try] by the welsh office to meet the aspirations of staff .

And one-time teammate John Smith has contacted the Echo in an attempt to get in touch with Peter .
and one-time teammate john smith has contacted the echo in an [try] to get in touch with peter .

Lansdowne had a brief sortie back into the home ‘ 22 ’ where Eric Elwood saw a penalty attempt drift wide , but the final stages of the game belonged to Ballymena whose late incessant pressure however failed to add to the loan McAleese penalty .
lansdowne had a brief sortie back into the home ‘ 22 ’ where eric elwood saw a penalty [try] drift wide , but the final stages of the game belonged to ballymena whose late incessant pressure however failed to add to the loan mcaleese penalty .

There was no attempt , O'Brien says , to bamboozle the Unionists at Sunningdale .
there was no [try] , o'brien says , to bamboozle the unionists at sunningdale .

‘ Patsy was told by both fortune tellers that something would happen to her before the New Year — that an attempt would be made on her life , ’ he said .
‘ patsy was told by both fortune tellers that something would happen to her before the new year — that an [try] would be made on her life , ’ he said .

Mr Heslop was replying to evidence supporting Mr Venables ' attempt to continue an injunction preventing his removal from Spurs pending the hearing of his Companies Court plea for the right to buy out Mr Sugar 's 47.8pc holding in the club .
mr heslop was replying to evidence supporting mr venables ' [try] to continue an injunction preventing his removal from spurs pending the hearing of his companies court plea for the right to buy out mr sugar 's 47.8pc holding in the club .

attempt on his prostate gland , but seems to have got caught out by overspending on the part of the hospital involved , which has caused a delay in non-urgent ops .
[try] on his prostate gland , but seems to have got caught out by overspending on the part of the hospital involved , which has caused a delay in non-urgent ops .

How does one raise funds without losing your hair in the attempt through worry .
how does one raise funds without losing your hair in the [try] through worry .

This is an attempt to be more objective , for the sake of those who want to know how over 8,000 was raised .
this is an [try] to be more objective , for the sake of those who want to know how over 8,000 was raised .

The Kuomintang general , holding his nose because of the stench , enters the prison cell and makes one more attempt to win Sis .
the kuomintang general , holding his nose because of the stench , enters the prison cell and makes one more [try] to win sis .

’ The solution seems only to be on a practical level , no attempt is being made to attack the root causes of widespread unhappiness within the community .
’ the solution seems only to be on a practical level , no [try] is being made to attack the root causes of widespread unhappiness within the community .

Montag 's speech is a desperate attempt to show her the reality of her life .
montag 's speech is a desperate [try] to show her the reality of her life .

Frightened people joined the party against Herakleophorbia and fought against the giants using weapons in an attempt to kill the result of this terrible creation .
frightened people joined the party against herakleophorbia and fought against the giants using weapons in an [try] to kill the result of this terrible creation .

such a post might be based in a region , so that a more concentrated attempt at servicing contract volunteers and developing networks is facilitated as ‘ an experiment ’ .
such a post might be based in a region , so that a more concentrated [try] at servicing contract volunteers and developing networks is facilitated as ‘ an experiment ’ .

’ was always accepted without comment , and with no attempt at persuasion ; but each night a soft , sidelong , tormenting smile recognised the growing reluctance and diminishing arrogance with which he spat the refusal at his questioner .
’ was always accepted without comment , and with no [try] at persuasion ; but each night a soft , sidelong , tormenting smile recognised the growing reluctance and diminishing arrogance with which he spat the refusal at his questioner .

But you are speaking of an occasion some days ago , when we recovered him after an attempt at escape .
but you are speaking of an occasion some days ago , when we recovered him after an [try] at escape .

Outlaws from the forests to the south , grown over-bold ; let them be taken for that , and they might yet make another and a better attempt .
outlaws from the forests to the south , grown over-bold ; let them be taken for that , and they might yet make another and a better [try] .

Looking for them was in effect looking for Adam Boteler , who alone had been marked and recognised ; and Adam had orders to remain out of sight in Castell Coch until the second attempt was ready to be launched .
looking for them was in effect looking for adam boteler , who alone had been marked and recognised ; and adam had orders to remain out of sight in castell coch until the second [try] was ready to be launched .

Such a despair seized him at the sound of his own acceptance that he made a half-hearted attempt even then to deliver himself .
such a despair seized him at the sound of his own acceptance that he made a half-hearted [try] even then to deliver himself .

In the conventional view , data are collected by the sponsor of a study to attempt to answer the specific questions posed .
in the conventional view , data are collected by the sponsor of a study to [try] to answer the specific questions posed .

The Statistical Office of the European Community is currently planning a ‘ twinning ’ scheme between certain African centres and selected European institutions in an attempt to remedy this lack .
the statistical office of the european community is currently planning a ‘ twinning ’ scheme between certain african centres and selected european institutions in an [try] to remedy this lack .

If we were to attempt an estimate from a cross-sectional study , it would have to be
if we were to [try] an estimate from a cross-sectional study , it would have to be

How would you attempt to gather reliable evidence on the matter ?
how would you [try] to gather reliable evidence on the matter ?

Venture capitalists attempt to fill the information gap by close examination and control of companies , which should reduce the risk of loss .
venture capitalists [try] to fill the information gap by close examination and control of companies , which should reduce the risk of loss .

This section will attempt to demonstrate how the Bank of England operates in the sterling money markets and thereby influences the level of interest rates in those markets .
this section will [try] to demonstrate how the bank of england operates in the sterling money markets and thereby influences the level of interest rates in those markets .

One of the main criticisms of the recommendations of the Gower Report is largely one of methodology , in that no formal ( or even informal ) approach was taken to attempt to find out how much the self-regulatory framework proposal would cost .
one of the main criticisms of the recommendations of the gower report is largely one of methodology , in that no formal ( or even informal ) approach was taken to [try] to find out how much the self-regulatory framework proposal would cost .

Whatever rules and regulations are enforced , no matter how comprehensive , there will always be unscrupulous people who attempt to pervert the rules for their own gains .
whatever rules and regulations are enforced , no matter how comprehensive , there will always be unscrupulous people who [try] to pervert the rules for their own gains .

It then explores at a more fundamental level the relationship between public enterprise and the state , in an attempt to understand the ambivalence , tensions and even contradictions that are embodied in the pursuit of commercialism .
it then explores at a more fundamental level the relationship between public enterprise and the state , in an [try] to understand the ambivalence , tensions and even contradictions that are embodied in the pursuit of commercialism .

The necessary expertise is scarce in the controlling agencies such as the sponsoring ministry and state auditing bodies , and studies suggest that enterprises attempt to control access to their own expertise .
the necessary expertise is scarce in the controlling agencies such as the sponsoring ministry and state auditing bodies , and studies suggest that enterprises [try] to control access to their own expertise .

On the demand side , firms with new capacity will tend to cut prices in an attempt to win markets from their rivals with older equipment .
on the demand side , firms with new capacity will tend to cut prices in an [try] to win markets from their rivals with older equipment .

At least until the early 1970s , however , the government made no systematic attempt to shape the pattern of industry .
at least until the early 1970s , however , the government made no systematic [try] to shape the pattern of industry .

But the trade unions strongly criticized the erosion of planning and ‘ regretted the lack of any attempt to articulate real priorities other than the need to submit to world market forces ’ ( Estrin and Holmes , 1983 , p. 116 ) .
but the trade unions strongly criticized the erosion of planning and ‘ regretted the lack of any [try] to articulate real priorities other than the need to submit to world market forces ’ ( estrin and holmes , 1983 , p. 116 ) .

Shop stewards would lead unofficial disputes even in a downturn , confident that management would not dare attempt victimization .
shop stewards would lead unofficial disputes even in a downturn , confident that management would not dare [try] victimization .

This was part of de Gaulle 's attempt to modernize an industrially backward France — ‘ to make her marry her century ’ , as he put it .
this was part of de gaulle 's [try] to modernize an industrially backward france — ‘ to make her marry her century ’ , as he put it .

Finally , materials stockpiling was encouraged by the Japanese government in 1972–3 in an attempt to hold down the yen exchange rate .
finally , materials stockpiling was encouraged by the japanese government in 1972–3 in an [try] to hold down the yen exchange rate .

She began babbling at him in an attempt to diffuse his anger .
she began babbling at him in an [try] to diffuse his anger .

Charlie was so stunned by this suggestion that although he stopped pacing he made no attempt to reply .
charlie was so stunned by this suggestion that although he stopped pacing he made no [try] to reply .

‘ Get stuck into each other , you two , ’ shouted Trentham , but although Charlie started to jab away at Tommy 's chest he made no attempt to inflict any real pain .
‘ get stuck into each other , you two , ’ shouted trentham , but although charlie started to jab away at tommy 's chest he made no [try] to inflict any real pain .

Charlie let those who could , sleep , and did n't attempt to wake anyone until three o'clock the next morning .
charlie let those who could , sleep , and did n't [try] to wake anyone until three o'clock the next morning .

yeah , not so , so confident but if you do n't make the attempt
yeah , not so , so confident but if you do n't make the [try]

It says here on the six o'clock Olympics today including live coverage of Wilf Riley 's attempt to win the gold for Britain in the mens thousand short practice speed skating final it 's six o'clock
it says here on the six o'clock olympics today including live coverage of wilf riley 's [try] to win the gold for britain in the mens thousand short practice speed skating final it 's six o'clock

Alan Ball admitted his men had it all to do after his men crashed to South Africa , the Australian wicket went for a duck as a defending champion slumped said we are going to have to do it the hard way now , we just did n't play very , we did n't get it together against New Zealand in the first match and today we were never in the picture , our brothers never really had a chance of any attempt of a hundred and seventy , but full credit to South Africa they are a rate , a better to side
alan ball admitted his men had it all to do after his men crashed to south africa , the australian wicket went for a duck as a defending champion slumped said we are going to have to do it the hard way now , we just did n't play very , we did n't get it together against new zealand in the first match and today we were never in the picture , our brothers never really had a chance of any [try] of a hundred and seventy , but full credit to south africa they are a rate , a better to side

News reports from Washington said troops took part in a house to house search in an attempt to capture Aideed , blamed by Pakistan for the killing last Saturday of its ‘ blue helmet ’ peacekeepers .
news reports from washington said troops took part in a house to house search in an [try] to capture aideed , blamed by pakistan for the killing last saturday of its ‘ blue helmet ’ peacekeepers .

John Scott , prospective Labour candidate for Stockton South : ‘ In a last-ditch attempt to remain in power the Government is prepared to bribe the people of Stockton by borrowing to pay for tax cuts . ’
john scott , prospective labour candidate for stockton south : ‘ in a last-ditch [try] to remain in power the government is prepared to bribe the people of stockton by borrowing to pay for tax cuts . ’

’ She spent £3,000 on driving lessons over four years before passing her test at the 29th attempt .
’ she spent £3,000 on driving lessons over four years before passing her test at the 29th [try] .

Or Alice Welch , from Byron Drive , York , who became Britain 's oldest novice when she passed her test on her 74th birthday — at the sixth attempt .
or alice welch , from byron drive , york , who became britain 's oldest novice when she passed her test on her 74th birthday — at the sixth [try] .

Ursula Lane believes her 29-times driving test marathon has made her a safer driver than some of the ‘ young Kings of the Road ’ who pass at the first attempt .
ursula lane believes her 29-times driving test marathon has made her a safer driver than some of the ‘ young kings of the road ’ who pass at the first [try] .

In an attempt to reduce bank borrowings the group has sold property developments , including one at Richmond , and an investment property at Congleton , in Cheshire , added Mr Whittington .
in an [try] to reduce bank borrowings the group has sold property developments , including one at richmond , and an investment property at congleton , in cheshire , added mr whittington .

The camera monitoring began last September in an attempt to safeguard the ancient monument .
the camera monitoring began last september in an [try] to safeguard the ancient monument .

The pair were reported to have been at odds for some time with one major area of disagreement believed to concern a £2.2m Venables attempt to land England defender Des Walker from Sampdoria .
the pair were reported to have been at odds for some time with one major area of disagreement believed to concern a £2.2m venables [try] to land england defender des walker from sampdoria .

‘ It requires goodwill on all parts and a genuine attempt by the Government to renegotiate . ’
‘ it requires goodwill on all parts and a genuine [try] by the government to renegotiate . ’

Road mayhem after robbery attempt
road mayhem after robbery [try]

But even though it did in a campaign where he was one of Tottenham 's top performers , Venables has been unable to keep his word because of chairman Alan Sugar 's attempt to oust him from the club .
but even though it did in a campaign where he was one of tottenham 's top performers , venables has been unable to keep his word because of chairman alan sugar 's [try] to oust him from the club .

Gooch declared on 304 for six , 17 runs behind Lancashire 's first innings total just before tea in an attempt to make up for time lost because of Friday 's wash-out .
gooch declared on 304 for six , 17 runs behind lancashire 's first innings total just before tea in an [try] to make up for time lost because of friday 's wash-out .

‘ It feels great to win at my seventh attempt , ’ he added .
‘ it feels great to win at my seventh [try] , ’ he added .

Beaten 6–3 , 6–3 in their previous encounter , 6ft 5ins tall Ainley , a former Hampshire County choice , avenged himself with a superb display to take the title at the fourth attempt with a 6–2 , 6–1 win .
beaten 6–3 , 6–3 in their previous encounter , 6ft 5ins tall ainley , a former hampshire county choice , avenged himself with a superb display to take the title at the fourth [try] with a 6–2 , 6–1 win .

He has called for the compulsory registration of all property transactions in an attempt to stop the use of secret deals .
he has called for the compulsory registration of all property transactions in an [try] to stop the use of secret deals .

And John Paddick , principal of Macmillan College , Middlesbrough , said any attempt to change the CTCs would be met with stiff opposition .
and john paddick , principal of macmillan college , middlesbrough , said any [try] to change the ctcs would be met with stiff opposition .

The car had to be righted before fire crews could attempt to cut the woman free .
the car had to be righted before fire crews could [try] to cut the woman free .

But yesterday he found the would-be thieves had smashed the door lock in an attempt to break in .
but yesterday he found the would-be thieves had smashed the door lock in an [try] to break in .

Graphic novels are perhaps the latest form of comic , an attempt to make it part of literature .
graphic novels are perhaps the latest form of comic , an [try] to make it part of literature .

Attempt charge :
[try] charge :

Snatch attempt :
snatch [try] :

Only once firemen had arrived did Davies make any attempt to warn his neighbours that the block was on fire .
only once firemen had arrived did davies make any [try] to warn his neighbours that the block was on fire .

Also , there is stated to be one suicide attempt every two minutes , therefore treatment could also be withheld from these self-inflicted death attempts .
also , there is stated to be one suicide [try] every two minutes , therefore treatment could also be withheld from these self-inflicted death attempts .

At the sixth attempt Mr Perks , from Llanddaniel , Anglesey , has won the Welsh Seniors ' Golf Championship which is staged annually at Aberdovey Golf Club .
at the sixth [try] mr perks , from llanddaniel , anglesey , has won the welsh seniors ' golf championship which is staged annually at aberdovey golf club .

But his first job is to assemble a side before attempting to win promotion at the first attempt .
but his first job is to assemble a side before attempting to win promotion at the first [try] .

Venables takes the fight back to the High Court in October , when he will attempt to buy Sugar 's 48 per cent controlling interest in Spurs .
venables takes the fight back to the high court in october , when he will [try] to buy sugar 's 48 per cent controlling interest in spurs .

The outsider 's first instinct on seeing the competitors attempt to place their ball near the jack is sympathy .
the outsider 's first instinct on seeing the competitors [try] to place their ball near the jack is sympathy .

Boro rubbed salt into the wound by scoring with their first genuine scoring attempt .
boro rubbed salt into the wound by scoring with their first genuine scoring [try] .

After Boro 's only real threatening first-half attempt , Bernie Slaven shot across the face of the goal from an angle .
after boro 's only real threatening first-half [try] , bernie slaven shot across the face of the goal from an angle .

Durham School captain Richard Elliott , who was to have replaced him , will be on the bench as City attempt to move away from the relegation zone .
durham school captain richard elliott , who was to have replaced him , will be on the bench as city [try] to move away from the relegation zone .

‘ We saw nothing today to convince us that we ca n't get out of North One at the first attempt , ’ he said .
‘ we saw nothing today to convince us that we ca n't get out of north one at the first [try] , ’ he said .

At the next attempt , Odom excluded and when Cheshire had to take on the two Newcastle riders on his own , the result was just the same as in the initial race .
at the next [try] , odom excluded and when cheshire had to take on the two newcastle riders on his own , the result was just the same as in the initial race .

There was an anxious moment in the first half when he caught the ball at the third attempt , but overall he was sound .
there was an anxious moment in the first half when he caught the ball at the third [try] , but overall he was sound .

In doing so , the Halls declared their intention to attempt an overall boardroom coup by acquiring the shares of their four remaining fellow-directors , George Forbes , Peter Mallinger , Derek McVickers and Freddie Shepherd .
in doing so , the halls declared their intention to [try] an overall boardroom coup by acquiring the shares of their four remaining fellow-directors , george forbes , peter mallinger , derek mcvickers and freddie shepherd .

Moxon 's first revised plan was to continue the first innings on 317 for seven but he then decided to declare in an attempt to bowl out Somerset twice .
moxon 's first revised plan was to continue the first innings on 317 for seven but he then decided to declare in an [try] to bowl out somerset twice .

Stuart , who plans to see an acupuncturist tomorrow in an attempt to cure the problem , may compete for the North in a representative match this weekend before endeavouring to raise her spirits for the Olympic trials meeting .
stuart , who plans to see an acupuncturist tomorrow in an [try] to cure the problem , may compete for the north in a representative match this weekend before endeavouring to raise her spirits for the olympic trials meeting .

Earlier Northern Ballet spokeswoman Anna Izza insisted that the production was not an attempt to shock .
earlier northern ballet spokeswoman anna izza insisted that the production was not an [try] to shock .

It 's been done in the States with a baton twice as long , but this attempt means the planes will be just 12ft apart .
it 's been done in the states with a baton twice as long , but this [try] means the planes will be just 12ft apart .

Sara Cubitt , from Stamford in Linclonshire , was concerned about the cold at 5,000 feet , Simon Ward , from Swindon , planned to film the attempt with a camera attached to his helmet .
sara cubitt , from stamford in linclonshire , was concerned about the cold at 5,000 feet , simon ward , from swindon , planned to film the [try] with a camera attached to his helmet .

Fire chiefs say they were pumping out thousands of gallons of water every minute in an attempt to keep levels down .
fire chiefs say they were pumping out thousands of gallons of water every minute in an [try] to keep levels down .

The prime motive , the committee claims , is to save taxpayers ' money , but Wiltshire 's senior police officer says any attempt to run his force along purely business lines is doomed to failure .
the prime motive , the committee claims , is to save taxpayers ' money , but wiltshire 's senior police officer says any [try] to run his force along purely business lines is doomed to failure .

An attempt to raise awareness of the symptoms , which resemble those of flu or measles , will be an important part of the one point two million pound advertising campaign .
an [try] to raise awareness of the symptoms , which resemble those of flu or measles , will be an important part of the one point two million pound advertising campaign .

They say any attempt to do at Bullingdon could lead to rioting .
they say any [try] to do at bullingdon could lead to rioting .

So in an attempt to make sure New Release does n't go unnoticed Three Choirs is launching it 's own publicity campaign .
so in an [try] to make sure new release does n't go unnoticed three choirs is launching it 's own publicity campaign .

In an attempt to reduce the death toll , one police force has launched a campaign to get a simple message across to cyclists — that being seen could save them from being killed .
in an [try] to reduce the death toll , one police force has launched a campaign to get a simple message across to cyclists — that being seen could save them from being killed .

Over have so far signed a petition in an attempt to save the hill from further housing .
over have so far signed a petition in an [try] to save the hill from further housing .

‘ The attack was not a serious attempt to injure or destroy , but merely a statement .
‘ the attack was not a serious [try] to injure or destroy , but merely a statement .

Welcome back : One of the world 's leading classical violinists is backing a local record company in an attempt to bring down the price of compact discs .
welcome back : one of the world 's leading classical violinists is backing a local record company in an [try] to bring down the price of compact discs .

Peter Harris will not be in court tomorrow when his family make a final attempt to avoid eviction .
peter harris will not be in court tomorrow when his family make a final [try] to avoid eviction .

And Nick Cusack nearly put them ahead soon after with a 25 yard strike , saved at the second attempt by the County keeper .
and nick cusack nearly put them ahead soon after with a 25 yard strike , saved at the second [try] by the county keeper .

Gloucestershire cricketer , David ’ Syd ’ Lawrence is making a last-ditch attempt to get back to full fitness after his knee injury .
gloucestershire cricketer , david ’ syd ’ lawrence is making a last-ditch [try] to get back to full fitness after his knee injury .

Scientists have been holding a one-day strike in an attempt to get the same pay as their European colleagues .
scientists have been holding a one-day strike in an [try] to get the same pay as their european colleagues .

An attempt had been made to set it alight but no damage was caused .
an [try] had been made to set it alight but no damage was caused .

Although it was clear that Mr Smith adopted a much warmer tone towards the unions than his predecessor Neil Kinnock , the speech also marked an attempt to ease tension between him and some union barons .
although it was clear that mr smith adopted a much warmer tone towards the unions than his predecessor neil kinnock , the speech also marked an [try] to ease tension between him and some union barons .

He claimed her handshake with Gerry Adams was part of a deliberate attempt by Irish and British Government officials to ‘ clean up ’ the image of Sinn Fein .
he claimed her handshake with gerry adams was part of a deliberate [try] by irish and british government officials to ‘ clean up ’ the image of sinn fein .

Sinn Fein failed in an attempt to co-opt him on to the council on Wednesday night .
sinn fein failed in an [try] to co-opt him on to the council on wednesday night .

Any attempt by the Irish Government to press on with political talks would be pointless , when politicians here are pre-occupied with the security situation and are still miles apart , politically .
any [try] by the irish government to press on with political talks would be pointless , when politicians here are pre-occupied with the security situation and are still miles apart , politically .

His body was hacked to pieces before an attempt was made to crudely incinerate it .
his body was hacked to pieces before an [try] was made to crudely incinerate it .

Campriello , lawyer for defendant Ahmad Mohammad Ajaj , said he would object to any attempt to introduce the re-enactment as evidence at trial .
campriello , lawyer for defendant ahmad mohammad ajaj , said he would object to any [try] to introduce the re-enactment as evidence at trial .

Giant posters measuring 16ft by 8ft were erected by the army at the entrance to Ormeau Park in another desperate attempt to jog someone 's memory .
giant posters measuring 16ft by 8ft were erected by the army at the entrance to ormeau park in another desperate [try] to jog someone 's memory .

‘ It is shocking that Unionists should attempt to use bullying tactics to instill fear into staff and stop them from voicing what they believed to be genuine concerns . ’
‘ it is shocking that unionists should [try] to use bullying tactics to instill fear into staff and stop them from voicing what they believed to be genuine concerns . ’

Strutt was unsuccessful with the conversion attempt but kicked a 25-metre penalty goal five minutes later to put Bangor eight points ahead .
strutt was unsuccessful with the conversion [try] but kicked a 25-metre penalty goal five minutes later to put bangor eight points ahead .

Sheffield Wednesday 's makeshift striker has all but clinched a big money move to Ewood Park at the second attempt just three weeks after signing a new four-year contract at Hillsborough .
sheffield wednesday 's makeshift striker has all but clinched a big money move to ewood park at the second [try] just three weeks after signing a new four-year contract at hillsborough .

But , within 60 seconds , the visitors opened the scoring when former International , Niall Sturrock , beat Larmour at the second attempt with a well placed lob after a poor clearance by Nicky Blease had produced the initial chance .
but , within 60 seconds , the visitors opened the scoring when former international , niall sturrock , beat larmour at the second [try] with a well placed lob after a poor clearance by nicky blease had produced the initial chance .

The police do n't think we 've heard the last of the attackers who seem prepared to endanger many lives in an attempt to reach their targets .
the police do n't think we 've heard the last of the attackers who seem prepared to endanger many lives in an [try] to reach their targets .

On September and the teams will congregate in Belfast , Londonderry , Comber , Donaghadee and Fermanagh to each attempt a project benefitting the local community .
on september and the teams will congregate in belfast , londonderry , comber , donaghadee and fermanagh to each [try] a project benefitting the local community .

The biggest danger facing a depressed person is the likelihood that they will attempt suicide .
the biggest danger facing a depressed person is the likelihood that they will [try] suicide .

Lee , one of Maine Road 's legendary players , claims the backing of three multi-millionaire associates in an attempt to prise the club away from chairman Peter Swales .
lee , one of maine road 's legendary players , claims the backing of three multi-millionaire associates in an [try] to prise the club away from chairman peter swales .

Nick claimed 15 grams of cannabis was planted on him by police , in an attempt to extract a bribe .
nick claimed 15 grams of cannabis was planted on him by police , in an [try] to extract a bribe .

They just do n't like even attempt to make it before then really do they ?
they just do n't like even [try] to make it before then really do they ?

Well they were chronicles , in a sense , erm there were chronicles very frequently written by interested parties , and in the case of Clarendon 's History , it was really an attempt to look back over some experiences which he himself had had , and in a way it is a , a , a classic of its kind .
well they were chronicles , in a sense , erm there were chronicles very frequently written by interested parties , and in the case of clarendon 's history , it was really an [try] to look back over some experiences which he himself had had , and in a way it is a , a , a classic of its kind .

There were mediaeval chroniclers , working from monasteries and sometimes from the courts , and those chroniclers were producing history which was an attempt as it were to set down what seemed to them to be the most important things that were happening at the time , with a few asides .
there were mediaeval chroniclers , working from monasteries and sometimes from the courts , and those chroniclers were producing history which was an [try] as it were to set down what seemed to them to be the most important things that were happening at the time , with a few asides .

Senior staff from a Midland Steel firm are also being questioned over an alleged attempt to illegally export the huge weapon .
senior staff from a midland steel firm are also being questioned over an alleged [try] to illegally export the huge weapon .

Senior staff from a midlands steel firm are also being questioned over an alleged attempt to illegally export the huge weapon .
senior staff from a midlands steel firm are also being questioned over an alleged [try] to illegally export the huge weapon .

Well , we 're anxious that there is n't an escalation of this crisis , that it may be dealed with as Brigadier Harbottle has written in a letter to the Guardian today , dealt with , er more through first of all an attempt by the Arab nations to come to some agreement amongst themselves and agreement which will satisfy them and be a more long-lasting one .
well , we 're anxious that there is n't an escalation of this crisis , that it may be dealed with as brigadier harbottle has written in a letter to the guardian today , dealt with , er more through first of all an [try] by the arab nations to come to some agreement amongst themselves and agreement which will satisfy them and be a more long-lasting one .

The Court of Appeal has blocked his attempt to force Lambeth Council to obey government charge-capping orders .
the court of appeal has blocked his [try] to force lambeth council to obey government charge-capping orders .

Her husband Alex is now in hiding after an abortive escape attempt .
her husband alex is now in hiding after an abortive escape [try] .

At a meeting of the Finance Committee members will pr , make a progress report on how the poll tax collection is going , and campaigners say they intend to put pressure on councillors in an attempt to get them to review the collection process .
at a meeting of the finance committee members will pr , make a progress report on how the poll tax collection is going , and campaigners say they intend to put pressure on councillors in an [try] to get them to review the collection process .

In Scotland , the ospreys have bred pretty well , we 've had sixty-two pairs come up and attempt breeding this year , and they 've managed to raise eighty-seven young , which is more than er the highest number this century .
in scotland , the ospreys have bred pretty well , we 've had sixty-two pairs come up and [try] breeding this year , and they 've managed to raise eighty-seven young , which is more than er the highest number this century .

One official has said that an unarmed American ship would attempt to land supplies in Kuwait harbour , close to where both embassies are situated .
one official has said that an unarmed american ship would [try] to land supplies in kuwait harbour , close to where both embassies are situated .

Shareen , you 're very much part of the er , the attempt to help us all use alcohol a little bit more sensibly , what , what , what is this strategy ?
shareen , you 're very much part of the er , the [try] to help us all use alcohol a little bit more sensibly , what , what , what is this strategy ?

So is it your last attempt at er trying to retain professional football in Oxford ?
so is it your last [try] at er trying to retain professional football in oxford ?

It 's very much the last attempt — not er , not for , from the point of view of negotiating or er , but , but simply a matter of fact , er we need erm we need to move , we need to have additional sources of , sources of income , that er the type of facility that we 're looking to build will give the club to put it on a firm financial footing , and at the same time to give the local people of the City and er the , the surrounding County er tremendous new facilities .
it 's very much the last [try] — not er , not for , from the point of view of negotiating or er , but , but simply a matter of fact , er we need erm we need to move , we need to have additional sources of , sources of income , that er the type of facility that we 're looking to build will give the club to put it on a firm financial footing , and at the same time to give the local people of the city and er the , the surrounding county er tremendous new facilities .

The one before this one , co-incidentally , was a very broad one , which was an attempt at assessing the results of Five , which of course took place in Manila in May/June , and right after that , with the participation of some of the people who had been , in Five we tried to assess what impact , if any , their conference is going to make for the future of the world economic system .
the one before this one , co-incidentally , was a very broad one , which was an [try] at assessing the results of five , which of course took place in manila in may/june , and right after that , with the participation of some of the people who had been , in five we tried to assess what impact , if any , their conference is going to make for the future of the world economic system .

This mass migration to the inland has only been recorded three times in the past century , and scientists are tagging thousands of birds , you attempt to get a log of the pelican 's travels and try to understand what makes them leave their normally safe havens .
this mass migration to the inland has only been recorded three times in the past century , and scientists are tagging thousands of birds , you [try] to get a log of the pelican 's travels and try to understand what makes them leave their normally safe havens .

But a string of bomb attacks in Manila in recent weeks has led many people to believe that a new coup attempt ca n't be far away .
but a string of bomb attacks in manila in recent weeks has led many people to believe that a new coup [try] ca n't be far away .

We will be scrubbing this launch attempt for Thursday morning .
we will be scrubbing this launch [try] for thursday morning .

If another launch attempt is not made in the next ten days , then it could face cancellation .
if another launch [try] is not made in the next ten days , then it could face cancellation .

How do you regulate population in a democratic society ? To a certain extent there 's an attempt in East Sussex to regulate , in terms of their county plan , people by linking it to housing , on the basis that if you do n't build the houses people ca n't migrate into area .
how do you regulate population in a democratic society ? to a certain extent there 's an [try] in east sussex to regulate , in terms of their county plan , people by linking it to housing , on the basis that if you do n't build the houses people ca n't migrate into area .

Protesters have been out in force as the council makes its second attempt to set its annual budget .
protesters have been out in force as the council makes its second [try] to set its annual budget .

The woman has turned down the offer of a caravan , and an attempt to buy her a seventy thousand pound house has been stopped by a public outcry .
the woman has turned down the offer of a caravan , and an [try] to buy her a seventy thousand pound house has been stopped by a public outcry .

Eventually a senior official arrived for talks with the police , somewhat annoyed that he had n't been told of the attempt to list the building .
eventually a senior official arrived for talks with the police , somewhat annoyed that he had n't been told of the [try] to list the building .

The George sits just yards from a conservation area , and tonight , when Stroud Council Planning Committee meets , an attempt will be made to extend the zone to include the hotel .
the george sits just yards from a conservation area , and tonight , when stroud council planning committee meets , an [try] will be made to extend the zone to include the hotel .

It 's an attempt to
it 's an [try] to

‘ Sir Gerard , Sir Brian , ’ he almost shouted in an attempt to rouse Cranston , ‘ how long have you been in the Tower ? ’
‘ sir gerard , sir brian , ’ he almost shouted in an [try] to rouse cranston , ‘ how long have you been in the tower ? ’

No attempt was made , therefore , to calculate the delivery times of individual items from the Annexe , since it is known that delivery times range from an minimum of just over three-quarters of an hour , for requests submitted immediately before the majority of the van 's departures from the Main Building , to a maximum of around sixty-six hours , for requests submitted immediately after the van 's final departure on Fridays ( and longer at holiday periods ) .
no [try] was made , therefore , to calculate the delivery times of individual items from the annexe , since it is known that delivery times range from an minimum of just over three-quarters of an hour , for requests submitted immediately before the majority of the van 's departures from the main building , to a maximum of around sixty-six hours , for requests submitted immediately after the van 's final departure on fridays ( and longer at holiday periods ) .

Stress has been mentioned several times already in this course without any attempt to define what the word means .
stress has been mentioned several times already in this course without any [try] to define what the word means .

The following summary of ideas on stress placement in nouns , verbs and adjectives is an attempt to present a few rules in the simplest possible form .
the following summary of ideas on stress placement in nouns , verbs and adjectives is an [try] to present a few rules in the simplest possible form .

Despite the exceptions , it seems better in many ways to attempt to produce some stress rules ( even if they are rather crude and inaccurate ) than to claim that there is no rule or regularity in English word stress .
despite the exceptions , it seems better in many ways to [try] to produce some stress rules ( even if they are rather crude and inaccurate ) than to claim that there is no rule or regularity in english word stress .

The following paragraph is an attempt to summarise the main characteristics of basic generative phonology , and recommends some further reading for those interested in learning about it properly .
the following paragraph is an [try] to summarise the main characteristics of basic generative phonology , and recommends some further reading for those interested in learning about it properly .

No definition is completely satisfactory , but any attempt at a definition must recognise that the pitch of the voice plays the most important part .
no definition is completely satisfactory , but any [try] at a definition must recognise that the pitch of the voice plays the most important part .

Humberside has a big concentration of chemical and food industries and this is an attempt to get close to the market .
humberside has a big concentration of chemical and food industries and this is an [try] to get close to the market .

Detectives believe the klller may have tried to burn the bodies in an attempt to hide the evidence .
detectives believe the klller may have tried to burn the bodies in an [try] to hide the evidence .

Jon Gittens was the main victim of Rosenthal 's latest attempt to convince Souness he is worth a place in Liverpool 's starting line-up .
jon gittens was the main victim of rosenthal 's latest [try] to convince souness he is worth a place in liverpool 's starting line-up .

The invasion forces , sent to end what the reformers had dubbed as an attempt to introduce ‘ Socialism with a human face , ’ captured Dubcek , manacled him and flew him to Moscow .
the invasion forces , sent to end what the reformers had dubbed as an [try] to introduce ‘ socialism with a human face , ’ captured dubcek , manacled him and flew him to moscow .

It will be held at Wallasey Town Hall next February and already the local authority has ensured several technical experts in an attempt to defeat the plan .
it will be held at wallasey town hall next february and already the local authority has ensured several technical experts in an [try] to defeat the plan .

Following her death , which country did Jonathan go to with Terry in an attempt to come to terms with her death , and who did he meet there ?
following her death , which country did jonathan go to with terry in an [try] to come to terms with her death , and who did he meet there ?

Jacob was eventually born by emergency Caesarian section at 8.54pm after an unsuccessful attempt to deliver by forceps .
jacob was eventually born by emergency caesarian section at 8.54pm after an unsuccessful [try] to deliver by forceps .

The surgeons thought that John Cleary , 25 , had a brain tumour and performed a delicate biopsy operation in an attempt to discover its extent .
the surgeons thought that john cleary , 25 , had a brain tumour and performed a delicate biopsy operation in an [try] to discover its extent .

Souness starts a five-match touchline ban when Liverpool attempt to reverse a 4-2 deficit in the European Cup Winners Cup at Anfield .
souness starts a five-match touchline ban when liverpool [try] to reverse a 4-2 deficit in the european cup winners cup at anfield .

There was no attempt to glamorise her visually but by words and performance she really did become that desirable lady , one who would indeed swim naked with a Greek boatman .
there was no [try] to glamorise her visually but by words and performance she really did become that desirable lady , one who would indeed swim naked with a greek boatman .

Souness starts a five match touchline ban when Liverpool attempt to reverse a 4-2 deficit in the European Cup Winners Cup at Anfield .
souness starts a five match touchline ban when liverpool [try] to reverse a 4-2 deficit in the european cup winners cup at anfield .

Souness 's starts a five-match touchline ban when Liverpool attempt to reverse a 4-2 deficit against Russian champions Spartak Moscow in the European Cup Winners Cup at Anfield tonight .
souness 's starts a five-match touchline ban when liverpool [try] to reverse a 4-2 deficit against russian champions spartak moscow in the european cup winners cup at anfield tonight .

Yugoslav prime minister Milan Panic survived an attempt by hardline nationalists to oust him yesterday and won a round in his power struggle with Serbia 's president Slobodan Milosevic .
yugoslav prime minister milan panic survived an [try] by hardline nationalists to oust him yesterday and won a round in his power struggle with serbia 's president slobodan milosevic .

Injured Wednesday player-manager Trevor Francis has ruled himself out of the second round second leg leaving his side woefully short of striking cover as they attempt to recover a 3-1 first leg deficit .
injured wednesday player-manager trevor francis has ruled himself out of the second round second leg leaving his side woefully short of striking cover as they [try] to recover a 3-1 first leg deficit .

The boy made a ‘ determined and chilling ’ attempt to rape the 24-year-old policewoman , he added .
the boy made a ‘ determined and chilling ’ [try] to rape the 24-year-old policewoman , he added .

Liverpool 's fans pumped up the volume before the kick-off in an attempt to unnerve Spartak .
liverpool 's fans pumped up the volume before the kick-off in an [try] to unnerve spartak .

Breeders will face fines if they attempt to boost the number of barn owls living in the wild by releasing birds without a license .
breeders will face fines if they [try] to boost the number of barn owls living in the wild by releasing birds without a license .

Mr Bush once invited the world to ‘ watch his lips ’ in an attempt to show he meant what he said .
mr bush once invited the world to ‘ watch his lips ’ in an [try] to show he meant what he said .

They were plucked out of Bosnia in one of the mercy missions undertaken by Formby businessman Fred Willis , who has now enlisted the help of the Red Cross in an attempt to trace Jasim .
they were plucked out of bosnia in one of the mercy missions undertaken by formby businessman fred willis , who has now enlisted the help of the red cross in an [try] to trace jasim .

During the war he appeared before a court martial as a captain in the Royal Armoured Corps for refusing to take part in the bombardment of Le Havre in 1944 and his attempt last year to clear his name was rejected by the Ministry of Defence .
during the war he appeared before a court martial as a captain in the royal armoured corps for refusing to take part in the bombardment of le havre in 1944 and his [try] last year to clear his name was rejected by the ministry of defence .

He had also pleaded guilty to charges of possession and trafficking in an attempt to receive a lesser sentence .
he had also pleaded guilty to charges of possession and trafficking in an [try] to receive a lesser sentence .

It was Fischer 's fifth attempt to get the 10th win needed to clinch the series .
it was fischer 's fifth [try] to get the 10th win needed to clinch the series .

Brigadier Andrew Cumming said that although the troops ' primary role would be to get aid through to people desperately in need , they would attempt to adapt their peace-keeping experiences elsewhere in the world to the current crisis .
brigadier andrew cumming said that although the troops ' primary role would be to get aid through to people desperately in need , they would [try] to adapt their peace-keeping experiences elsewhere in the world to the current crisis .

In the old days , Japan was regarded as one of the worst culprits , happily pumping its electronic goods into duty-free Europe , while imposing horrendous taxes on any attempt to sell European goods there .
in the old days , japan was regarded as one of the worst culprits , happily pumping its electronic goods into duty-free europe , while imposing horrendous taxes on any [try] to sell european goods there .

Nafuth to win at third attempt
nafuth to win at third [try]

Apart from the problem of elderly or disabled people having to walk around parked cars into the middle of the road to even attempt signalling a bus , there remains the difficulty of boarding a bus away from the raised pavement .
apart from the problem of elderly or disabled people having to walk around parked cars into the middle of the road to even [try] signalling a bus , there remains the difficulty of boarding a bus away from the raised pavement .

The crisis was sparked by the publication in June of a biography of the Princess , alleging her unhappy marriage had driven her to attempt suicide .
the crisis was sparked by the publication in june of a biography of the princess , alleging her unhappy marriage had driven her to [try] suicide .

Meanwhile , Knowsley have been made to wait 10 days before they can attempt to put last weekend 's disappointing 2-1 defeat at Alfreton behind them .
meanwhile , knowsley have been made to wait 10 days before they can [try] to put last weekend 's disappointing 2-1 defeat at alfreton behind them .

Heliposis , bought unraced out of Guy Harwood 's stable for 7,400 guineas last year , will now attempt to improve Hammond 's jumps total .
heliposis , bought unraced out of guy harwood 's stable for 7,400 guineas last year , will now [try] to improve hammond 's jumps total .

In their initial — and nearly successful — attempt on the Mort Homme the Germans had sought to outflank it from the northeast , and now they tried a similar movement on Côte 304 from the west .
in their initial — and nearly successful — [try] on the mort homme the germans had sought to outflank it from the northeast , and now they tried a similar movement on côte 304 from the west .

On the 22nd , a major German attempt to capitalise on the Avocourt success was caught by brilliantly sited French machine guns , firing at them from three sides .
on the 22nd , a major german [try] to capitalise on the avocourt success was caught by brilliantly sited french machine guns , firing at them from three sides .

To Gallwitz , the gunnery expert , the new attempt on Côte 304 would be a pure artillery exercise ; it would literally blast the French off the hill ; moreover , it would succeed .
to gallwitz , the gunnery expert , the new [try] on côte 304 would be a pure artillery exercise ; it would literally blast the french off the hill ; moreover , it would succeed .

The British never thought their Allies were as tidy about burying their dead as they might be , but under the non-stop shelling at Verdun an attempt at burial not infrequently resulted in two more corpses to dispose of .
the british never thought their allies were as tidy about burying their dead as they might be , but under the non-stop shelling at verdun an [try] at burial not infrequently resulted in two more corpses to dispose of .

In an attempt to reduce infection of head wounds , Joffre issued an order banning beards ; the poilus complained bitterly , and still the wounded died .
in an [try] to reduce infection of head wounds , joffre issued an order banning beards ; the poilus complained bitterly , and still the wounded died .

Ten days later , Falkenhayn was on the telephone himself , expressing the fear that the British were after all about to attempt a relief operation , ‘ and probably a landing attempt ’ It was hardly surprising that on April 17th Rupprecht — irritated and not keen to be involved in another of Falkenhayn 's half-measure offensives that he deplored — coolly declined his invitation to attack the British , pointing to the strong reinforcements now in the line .
ten days later , falkenhayn was on the telephone himself , expressing the fear that the british were after all about to [try] a relief operation , ‘ and probably a landing [try] ’ it was hardly surprising that on april 17th rupprecht — irritated and not keen to be involved in another of falkenhayn 's half-measure offensives that he deplored — coolly declined his invitation to attack the british , pointing to the strong reinforcements now in the line .

In the attempt to calculate a country 's total output using the above methods , a number of complications arise .
in the [try] to calculate a country 's total output using the above methods , a number of complications arise .

If firms find that they are not producing enough to satisfy demand , they will experience an unwanted fall in their inventories and so this time will attempt to increase production and hire more workers .
if firms find that they are not producing enough to satisfy demand , they will experience an unwanted fall in their inventories and so this time will [try] to increase production and hire more workers .

Similarly , if income were £30 million , aggregate demand would be £34 million and so would exceed the total value of production , inventories would be run down causing firms to attempt to step up production and so increase national income .
similarly , if income were £30 million , aggregate demand would be £34 million and so would exceed the total value of production , inventories would be run down causing firms to [try] to step up production and so increase national income .

After the Second World War , Keynesian demand-management policies were used by the governments of most western countries in the attempt to keep unemployment levels down .
after the second world war , keynesian demand-management policies were used by the governments of most western countries in the [try] to keep unemployment levels down .

Perhaps the most famous of the theories which attempt to overcome both of these criticisms is Milton Friedman 's ‘ permanent income ’ hypothesis .
perhaps the most famous of the theories which [try] to overcome both of these criticisms is milton friedman 's ‘ permanent income ’ hypothesis .

This is because poorer families who see the superior goods being consumed by their richer neighbours will attempt to ‘ keep up with the Joneses ’ and so spend a large fraction of their incomes .
this is because poorer families who see the superior goods being consumed by their richer neighbours will [try] to ‘ keep up with the joneses ’ and so spend a large fraction of their incomes .

It assumes that firms faced with increased demand for their products will immediately attempt to increase their capital stocks .
it assumes that firms faced with increased demand for their products will immediately [try] to increase their capital stocks .

The discount houses attempt to make profits by creating a market in short-term financial instruments .
the discount houses [try] to make profits by creating a market in short-term financial instruments .

In general , then , a bank 's highest yielding assets tend to be illiquid — for example , a large proportion of advances to customers , though profitable , are illiquid ; similarly , equities are illiquid in that any attempt to sell a large amount of stock would depress stock prices and cause capital losses .
in general , then , a bank 's highest yielding assets tend to be illiquid — for example , a large proportion of advances to customers , though profitable , are illiquid ; similarly , equities are illiquid in that any [try] to sell a large amount of stock would depress stock prices and cause capital losses .

Consider the case where the Bank of England sells securities in an attempt to reduce the money supply .
consider the case where the bank of england sells securities in an [try] to reduce the money supply .

When the money supply is increased , people find themselves holding more than they need for current transactions and so attempt to spend the excess .
when the money supply is increased , people find themselves holding more than they need for current transactions and so [try] to spend the excess .

In this situation , bonds will appear less attractive and potential buyers will postpone intended purchases and bond-holders themselves will attempt to sell bonds before the fall in bond prices .
in this situation , bonds will appear less attractive and potential buyers will postpone intended purchases and bond-holders themselves will [try] to sell bonds before the fall in bond prices .

They attempt to build them up by selling bonds .
they [try] to build them up by selling bonds .

In the aggregate , however , the community can not reduce its bond holdings and the attempt to do so only drives down bond prices and , therefore , leads to an increase in interest rates .
in the aggregate , however , the community can not reduce its bond holdings and the [try] to do so only drives down bond prices and , therefore , leads to an increase in interest rates .

They will attempt to adjust their portfolios by spending their excess money balances on a wide range of assets , financial and real .
they will [try] to adjust their portfolios by spending their excess money balances on a wide range of assets , financial and real .

In the Keynesian model , wealth holders attempt to spend their excess money balances on bonds , thereby forcing down interest rates .
in the keynesian model , wealth holders [try] to spend their excess money balances on bonds , thereby forcing down interest rates .

In the monetarist case , wealth holders attempt to spend their excess money balances on all types of assets , including physical goods .
in the monetarist case , wealth holders [try] to spend their excess money balances on all types of assets , including physical goods .

Consequently , people will reduce their savings and increase their consumption in an attempt to reduce their ‘ real balances ’ .
consequently , people will reduce their savings and increase their consumption in an [try] to reduce their ‘ real balances ’ .

No attempt should be made to use monetary policy to offset any disturbances which may occur from time to time .
no [try] should be made to use monetary policy to offset any disturbances which may occur from time to time .

Pupils attempt at least three from an approved list sent by the Scottish Examination Board .
pupils [try] at least three from an approved list sent by the scottish examination board .

Keith Pringle 's attempt to provide debate about the role of men in caring for damaged and vulnerable children ( ‘ Gender politics ’ , 4 March ) raised a number of interesting issues .
keith pringle 's [try] to provide debate about the role of men in caring for damaged and vulnerable children ( ‘ gender politics ’ , 4 march ) raised a number of interesting issues .

If we are serious in our intent to protect the children we care for then we must attempt to ‘ treat ’ the root cause of abuse rather than the symptoms , as Mr Pringle appears to suggest .
if we are serious in our intent to protect the children we care for then we must [try] to ‘ treat ’ the root cause of abuse rather than the symptoms , as mr pringle appears to suggest .

Attempt to translate such needs into a desire to purchase .
[try] to translate such needs into a desire to purchase .

The correct salesperson response to hidden objections is to ask questions in an attempt to uncover their nature .
the correct salesperson response to hidden objections is to ask questions in an [try] to uncover their nature .

In theory the salesperson should attempt to close at a peak .
in theory the salesperson should [try] to close at a peak .

In some situations it is inappropriate to attempt to close the sale .
in some situations it is inappropriate to [try] to close the sale .

In selling pharmaceutical products , for example , salespeople do not try to close a sale but instead attempt to achieve ‘ action agreement ’ whereby either the salesperson or the doctor agree to do something before their next meeting .
in selling pharmaceutical products , for example , salespeople do not try to close a sale but instead [try] to achieve ‘ action agreement ’ whereby either the salesperson or the doctor agree to do something before their next meeting .

Marketing management must continually reappraise its channels of distribution in an attempt to effect cost savings .
marketing management must continually reappraise its channels of distribution in an [try] to effect cost savings .

This is basically an attempt to group or to classify customers according to similar needs or purchasing characteristics .
this is basically an [try] to group or to classify customers according to similar needs or purchasing characteristics .

In a free market economy , supply normally exceeds demand ( assuming no artificial shortages ) and , as a result , companies use various promotional tactics in an attempt to attract more customers .
in a free market economy , supply normally exceeds demand ( assuming no artificial shortages ) and , as a result , companies use various promotional tactics in an [try] to attract more customers .

At that time few attempts were made to measure the effectiveness of such activity , and advertising agencies tended to branch out into sales promotions with the aim of offering an all-inclusive package to their clients in an attempt to combat competition from the emerging sales promotion agencies .
at that time few attempts were made to measure the effectiveness of such activity , and advertising agencies tended to branch out into sales promotions with the aim of offering an all-inclusive package to their clients in an [try] to combat competition from the emerging sales promotion agencies .

Joint promotions are not specific to consumer goods , but are to be seen more often as companies attempt to find new promotional techniques .
joint promotions are not specific to consumer goods , but are to be seen more often as companies [try] to find new promotional techniques .

Because supply normally exceeds demand for the bulk of consumer goods , there has been a massive increase in advertising and other forms of promotion in an attempt to induce brand loyalty ; the faster-moving forms of consumer goods are pre-sold to the consumer by means of ‘ pull ’ promotional strategies .
because supply normally exceeds demand for the bulk of consumer goods , there has been a massive increase in advertising and other forms of promotion in an [try] to induce brand loyalty ; the faster-moving forms of consumer goods are pre-sold to the consumer by means of ‘ pull ’ promotional strategies .

We shall now attempt to dispel some of this mystique by examining some of the more important economic aspects of international selling .
we shall now [try] to dispel some of this mystique by examining some of the more important economic aspects of international selling .

Reduce expenditure on imported foreign goods , reduce expenditure overseas on such items as defence and foreign aid and attempt to discourage its citizens from travelling overseas to stop money being spent abroad .
reduce expenditure on imported foreign goods , reduce expenditure overseas on such items as defence and foreign aid and [try] to discourage its citizens from travelling overseas to stop money being spent abroad .

Many non-Western cultures use a type of music , not used in the West , which has symbolic meaning to the members of the culture ; an attempt should be made to understand this symbolism and turn it to positive selling advantage .
many non-western cultures use a type of music , not used in the west , which has symbolic meaning to the members of the culture ; an [try] should be made to understand this symbolism and turn it to positive selling advantage .

This belief restricts any attempt to bring about change because to attempt to change may be a rejection of , or contrary to , what Allah has ordained .
this belief restricts any [try] to bring about change because to [try] to change may be a rejection of , or contrary to , what allah has ordained .

Japanese businessmen have little confidence in detailed contracts which attempt to provide for all possible contingencies .
japanese businessmen have little confidence in detailed contracts which [try] to provide for all possible contingencies .

This should not be interpreted as an attempt to violate the contract , but rather the desire of the Japanese to allow both sides the ability to adjust to unforeseen circumstances .
this should not be interpreted as an [try] to violate the contract , but rather the desire of the japanese to allow both sides the ability to adjust to unforeseen circumstances .

It 's a last , last ditch attempt to get some money out of it , is it ?
it 's a last , last ditch [try] to get some money out of it , is it ?

That was the first attempt ?
that was the first [try] ?

Yo , that 's an important question that comes as a we can attempt or the group can attempt to answer that question the in reports of the next so we do n't lose it off the agenda .
yo , that 's an important question that comes as a we can [try] or the group can [try] to answer that question the in reports of the next so we do n't lose it off the agenda .

Hopefully , Guitarist readers see through this attempt by Mr.Peavey to re-write tube amp history to include himself .
hopefully , guitarist readers see through this [try] by mr.peavey to re-write tube amp history to include himself .

— and the ‘ pink ’ Fenders you refer to were Derek Adams ' attempt at Fiesta Red .
— and the ‘ pink ’ fenders you refer to were derek adams ' [try] at fiesta red .

If you attempt to remove the cover from this type of pickup then you will certainly break one if not both of the coils .
if you [try] to remove the cover from this type of pickup then you will certainly break one if not both of the coils .

The nut is still miles too high , and the strings choke off badly , despite the way the frets have been heavily filed in an attempt to cure a slightly wavy neck , but it 's within the realms of playability … just .
the nut is still miles too high , and the strings choke off badly , despite the way the frets have been heavily filed in an [try] to cure a slightly wavy neck , but it 's within the realms of playability … just .

Unfortunately , this admirable attempt to streamline this vital area has been all but defeated by the bafflingly thick four bolt neck plate .
unfortunately , this admirable [try] to streamline this vital area has been all but defeated by the bafflingly thick four bolt neck plate .

During the next week or so , the young develop their finnage and other characteristics more fully , prior to their first attempt to swim .
during the next week or so , the young develop their finnage and other characteristics more fully , prior to their first [try] to swim .

They can be observed flitting across the pit as they attempt to swim , with the parent picking them up and spitting them back into the quivering mass .
they can be observed flitting across the pit as they [try] to swim , with the parent picking them up and spitting them back into the quivering mass .

It is a known fact that most people who attempt a new diet or exercise regime fail on Day 3 .
it is a known fact that most people who [try] a new diet or exercise regime fail on day 3 .

Of late , the Laney range has focused on solid state technology to fuel its best-selling Linebacker range , resisting the current fetish for sticking a single valve into the preamp section in an attempt to provide the best of both worlds .
of late , the laney range has focused on solid state technology to fuel its best-selling linebacker range , resisting the current fetish for sticking a single valve into the preamp section in an [try] to provide the best of both worlds .

His big break came when a Rolling Stone critic gave him a rave write-up and major record companies fell over themselves in an attempt to be the first to sign this new blues sensation .
his big break came when a rolling stone critic gave him a rave write-up and major record companies fell over themselves in an [try] to be the first to sign this new blues sensation .

Under these circumstances , all you can do is try to re-align the board on the artwork and expose it for a further period , but you may well have to scrap that attempt and start again with a freshly-coated board .
under these circumstances , all you can do is try to re-align the board on the artwork and expose it for a further period , but you may well have to scrap that [try] and start again with a freshly-coated board .

Any attempt to charge dry cells with conventional battery chargers causes severe electrolyte degradation , eventually shorting out the cell completely and leading to a very rapid heat build up inside the cell .
any [try] to charge dry cells with conventional battery chargers causes severe electrolyte degradation , eventually shorting out the cell completely and leading to a very rapid heat build up inside the cell .

Largeness , whether as an un-eliminated pituitary defect or as a self-coded dna attempt at prolonging the dinosaurian bloodline , may not have worked to their advantage in the end .
largeness , whether as an un-eliminated pituitary defect or as a self-coded dna [try] at prolonging the dinosaurian bloodline , may not have worked to their advantage in the end .

It is not without significance that the sub-title of his autobiography is ‘ The Story of my experiments with Truth ’ , and his whole life might well a interpreted as an attempt to live in accordance with or an existential quest for Truth .
it is not without significance that the sub-title of his autobiography is ‘ the story of my experiments with truth ’ , and his whole life might well a interpreted as an [try] to live in accordance with or an existential quest for truth .

Like Gandhi , Tillich does not attempt to underestimate or detract from the significance and importance of particular religions .
like gandhi , tillich does not [try] to underestimate or detract from the significance and importance of particular religions .

The people explained their action as an attempt on their part to adhere to the principle of non-violence , but , as Gandhi pointed out , such action could more easily be interpreted as cowardice than non-violence .
the people explained their action as an [try] on their part to adhere to the principle of non-violence , but , as gandhi pointed out , such action could more easily be interpreted as cowardice than non-violence .

Ratso takes Buck to visit his father 's grave , and a series of frenetic flashbacks and nightmares reveal Buck 's past in a superficial attempt to explain his character .
ratso takes buck to visit his father 's grave , and a series of frenetic flashbacks and nightmares reveal buck 's past in a superficial [try] to explain his character .

The tone of the picture is unsure , veering from broad comedy — Dustin as Bob Hope in Son of Paleface — and burlesque of the Blazing Saddles type to an attempt to make serious comments about Indian culture , and analogies between their treatment by the whites and the Vietnam War .
the tone of the picture is unsure , veering from broad comedy — dustin as bob hope in son of paleface — and burlesque of the blazing saddles type to an [try] to make serious comments about indian culture , and analogies between their treatment by the whites and the vietnam war .

Little Big Man was certainly not the first Hollywood movie to attempt to redress the balance in favour of the Indians .
little big man was certainly not the first hollywood movie to [try] to redress the balance in favour of the indians .

In the attempt to be all these things , he achieves none of them .
in the [try] to be all these things , he achieves none of them .

She was only disturbed by the fact that , once the funeral was over , her mother-in-law made no attempt to leave the Manor and take up residence in the dower house .
she was only disturbed by the fact that , once the funeral was over , her mother-in-law made no [try] to leave the manor and take up residence in the dower house .

’ She pursed her lips in a vain attempt to whistle , but they were too cold and dry .
’ she pursed her lips in a vain [try] to whistle , but they were too cold and dry .

’ Her father was instantly contrite and abandoned his attempt to bait her .
’ her father was instantly contrite and abandoned his [try] to bait her .

Her whole attitude was one of mortal weariness and she slumped in the chair as though too tired to make the attempt to rise .
her whole attitude was one of mortal weariness and she slumped in the chair as though too tired to make the [try] to rise .

The attempt to bring the moran system under administrative control was deemed a failure , and policy in Kenya shifted once again in the direction of abolition .
the [try] to bring the moran system under administrative control was deemed a failure , and policy in kenya shifted once again in the direction of abolition .

Nevertheless , it was necessary to attempt do so : the alternative was to confess that the administration had failed where it most wanted to succeed .
nevertheless , it was necessary to [try] do so : the alternative was to confess that the administration had failed where it most wanted to succeed .

Choosing to overlook the actual blatancy of British power and concentrate instead upon its supposed attenuation , they produced the definitive celebration of the attempt to govern , not through the threat or application of physical force , but through the power of personal influence alone .
choosing to overlook the actual blatancy of british power and concentrate instead upon its supposed attenuation , they produced the definitive celebration of the [try] to govern , not through the threat or application of physical force , but through the power of personal influence alone .

This love of secrecy may have been a reaction to the rapid expansion of Britain 's formal power towards the end of the nineteenth century , an attempt to preserve the spirit of the frontier and deny what had become the unexciting obviousness of British dominion .
this love of secrecy may have been a reaction to the rapid expansion of britain 's formal power towards the end of the nineteenth century , an [try] to preserve the spirit of the frontier and deny what had become the unexciting obviousness of british dominion .

In Masailand such thoughts could be entertained without abandoning the imperial obligation to attempt improvement ; there DO-hood was constantly being born anew , the same irresistible force meeting the same immovable object .
in masailand such thoughts could be entertained without abandoning the imperial obligation to [try] improvement ; there do-hood was constantly being born anew , the same irresistible force meeting the same immovable object .

In India , where continued hegemony was now the consideration paramount above all others in the minds of British politicians , a wholehearted attempt at such a policy , by one so well qualified to pursue it , must have seemed at least worth a try .
in india , where continued hegemony was now the consideration paramount above all others in the minds of british politicians , a wholehearted [try] at such a policy , by one so well qualified to pursue it , must have seemed at least worth a try .

As for his goodness , the attempt to live a Christian life was so much a part of Irwin 's public persona that the legend became current that , arriving in India on Good Friday , he ignored the official ceremonies of welcome and went straight to church .
as for his goodness , the [try] to live a christian life was so much a part of irwin 's public persona that the legend became current that , arriving in india on good friday , he ignored the official ceremonies of welcome and went straight to church .

The daring magnitude of this conception has since been obscured by its almost routine enactment in a series of African countries in the 1960s , but it should never be forgotten that India was the test case , and that at the time success in the execution of such a plan seemed far from assured : only a year before Mountbatten 's appointment the then viceroy , Lord Wavell , had been pressing on the Cabinet his ‘ Breakdown Plan ’ , which consisted simply of the phased evacuation of the British from India without any serious attempt to ensure that a viable , much less friendly , government was installed in their place .
the daring magnitude of this conception has since been obscured by its almost routine enactment in a series of african countries in the 1960s , but it should never be forgotten that india was the test case , and that at the time success in the execution of such a plan seemed far from assured : only a year before mountbatten 's appointment the then viceroy , lord wavell , had been pressing on the cabinet his ‘ breakdown plan ’ , which consisted simply of the phased evacuation of the british from india without any serious [try] to ensure that a viable , much less friendly , government was installed in their place .

But some councils acknowledged that their procedures contributed to the oppression and undertook to make changes in an attempt to improve the material conditions of people in those oppressed groups .
but some councils acknowledged that their procedures contributed to the oppression and undertook to make changes in an [try] to improve the material conditions of people in those oppressed groups .

This theoretical attempt to explain the ideological , institutional and material aspects of our oppression rejected the biological/Third Sex/'born that way ’ view of homosexuality , and located it firmly within society 's structures .
this theoretical [try] to explain the ideological , institutional and material aspects of our oppression rejected the biological/third sex/'born that way ’ view of homosexuality , and located it firmly within society 's structures .

They claimed to speak for traditional family values and found support from various fundamentalists — Orthodox Jewish , Roman Catholic , Baptist — in an attempt both to broaden their appeal among Haringey 's multiracial population and to strengthen their message that homosexuality was ‘ unnatural ’ in all cultures .
they claimed to speak for traditional family values and found support from various fundamentalists — orthodox jewish , roman catholic , baptist — in an [try] both to broaden their appeal among haringey 's multiracial population and to strengthen their message that homosexuality was ‘ unnatural ’ in all cultures .

It will attempt to tackle discrimination against lesbians and gay men , but it can not tackle , can barely conceive of , the supremacist power relationship between heterosexuality and lesbians and gay men which causes the discrimination .
it will [try] to tackle discrimination against lesbians and gay men , but it can not tackle , can barely conceive of , the supremacist power relationship between heterosexuality and lesbians and gay men which causes the discrimination .

Even those who attempt to split the difference are not too fussy about where the line is drawn .
even those who [try] to split the difference are not too fussy about where the line is drawn .

Sylvia had been repeatedly rehearsing her chosen situation for twelve days so that , when she made the actual attempt on the thirteenth , her performance too might be perfect .
sylvia had been repeatedly rehearsing her chosen situation for twelve days so that , when she made the actual [try] on the thirteenth , her performance too might be perfect .

They did not all give up there and then , but presumably went on to take the test again and eventually to pass — many of them at the second attempt .
they did not all give up there and then , but presumably went on to take the test again and eventually to pass — many of them at the second [try] .

In an attempt to put the house back in order , Paul drew up a list of jobs to be done and employed a local architect to oversee the work .
in an [try] to put the house back in order , paul drew up a list of jobs to be done and employed a local architect to oversee the work .

Counterfeiting is a deliberate attempt to confuse consumers by copying a well-known trademark , generally along with the packaging , to suggest that a product is made by a manufacturer with a good reputation when it is , in fact , inferior .
counterfeiting is a deliberate [try] to confuse consumers by copying a well-known trademark , generally along with the packaging , to suggest that a product is made by a manufacturer with a good reputation when it is , in fact , inferior .

It is very difficult to do this without producing a ‘ blurred-vision ’ effect in the resist — so you may well have to scrap that attempt , recoat the board with resist and start all over again .
it is very difficult to do this without producing a ‘ blurred-vision ’ effect in the resist — so you may well have to scrap that [try] , recoat the board with resist and start all over again .

The centre of Newbald was made a conservation area in an attempt to preserve some of the more attractive features of the village .
the centre of newbald was made a conservation area in an [try] to preserve some of the more attractive features of the village .

This is an attempt by the fish to dislodge the offending parasites , but of course where many hundreds of flukes can be involved this is really futile .
this is an [try] by the fish to dislodge the offending parasites , but of course where many hundreds of flukes can be involved this is really futile .

Keep an eye on your cichlids , as they may attempt to do this .
keep an eye on your cichlids , as they may [try] to do this .

My favourites are the hobbyists who wish to attempt an unholy mix of fish — and who often seem to think that a 4′ tank is huge .
my favourites are the hobbyists who wish to [try] an unholy mix of fish — and who often seem to think that a 4′ tank is huge .

In the wild the male remains with the nest , protecting from all intruders except other females which he will attempt to entice in to spawn with .
in the wild the male remains with the nest , protecting from all intruders except other females which he will [try] to entice in to spawn with .

But of the fish that are available to the dealer there is one that stands out : the Gold Lyretail — a very striking species — and ideal for your first attempt at breeding Killifish .
but of the fish that are available to the dealer there is one that stands out : the gold lyretail — a very striking species — and ideal for your first [try] at breeding killifish .

Some forms of mobile invertebrates like , for example , Cleaner Shrimps , also regularly spawn in the home aquarium and could be ideal for a first attempt at home breeding .
some forms of mobile invertebrates like , for example , cleaner shrimps , also regularly spawn in the home aquarium and could be ideal for a first [try] at home breeding .

When a part of the body becomes infected the immune system comes into play , rushing white blood cells and immune proteins to the scene of the infection in an attempt to inactivate or kill the invading organisms and to clear up the damage .
when a part of the body becomes infected the immune system comes into play , rushing white blood cells and immune proteins to the scene of the infection in an [try] to inactivate or kill the invading organisms and to clear up the damage .

Another example is the case of a generalized infection in which a fever is often observed — the result of the body 's attempt to make the environment unsuitable for the invading organism and so rid itself of it .
another example is the case of a generalized infection in which a fever is often observed — the result of the body 's [try] to make the environment unsuitable for the invading organism and so rid itself of it .

He therefore experimented with diluting his remedies in an attempt to find that dose which would still be curative but would not produce unwanted side-effects .
he therefore experimented with diluting his remedies in an [try] to find that dose which would still be curative but would not produce unwanted side-effects .

Despite the fact that homoeopathy has now been around for close on two hundred years , very little research has been carried out either to attempt to understand how it works , or to prove that it does work .
despite the fact that homoeopathy has now been around for close on two hundred years , very little research has been carried out either to [try] to understand how it works , or to prove that it does work .

Inevitably , since there are only twelve tissue salt preparations , an attempt was made with varying degrees of success to enlarge their scope by mixing them in an effort to cover other symptomatologies .
inevitably , since there are only twelve tissue salt preparations , an [try] was made with varying degrees of success to enlarge their scope by mixing them in an effort to cover other symptomatologies .

The Five Nations Championship is understandably the envy of the rest of the rugby world and what spice will be added to the coming encounters — notably when England travel once more to Murrayfield on the opening day and return to Paris in February ; when Ireland , so nearly conquerors of champions Australia , run out once more at Lansdowne Road , and Wales begin their brave attempt to rise like some Phoenix from the ashes .
the five nations championship is understandably the envy of the rest of the rugby world and what spice will be added to the coming encounters — notably when england travel once more to murrayfield on the opening day and return to paris in february ; when ireland , so nearly conquerors of champions australia , run out once more at lansdowne road , and wales begin their brave [try] to rise like some phoenix from the ashes .

Latterly there was an attempt by the South African authorities to distance themselves from the activities of the money men .
latterly there was an [try] by the south african authorities to distance themselves from the activities of the money men .

In an attempt to further his rugby career , McKenzie loaded up his car and headed north to Sydney and arrived at Randwick .
in an [try] to further his rugby career , mckenzie loaded up his car and headed north to sydney and arrived at randwick .

Although it is now clear that Sutherland 's attempt to fit , indeed squash , corporate crime into his theory of differential association has not proved comfortable , and that his concentration on the economic as opposed to the physical and social effects of corporate crime made his study too one-sided , it none the less did , at the time , constitute a rich legacy to bequeath to criminology .
although it is now clear that sutherland 's [try] to fit , indeed squash , corporate crime into his theory of differential association has not proved comfortable , and that his concentration on the economic as opposed to the physical and social effects of corporate crime made his study too one-sided , it none the less did , at the time , constitute a rich legacy to bequeath to criminology .

That terrain , so proudly occupied by the radical Right 's law and order campaigners , has to be won back , and Ian Taylor 's ( 1982 ) recent attempt , following earlier sorties of Platt ( 1978 ) represents the appropriate move from the Left .
that terrain , so proudly occupied by the radical right 's law and order campaigners , has to be won back , and ian taylor 's ( 1982 ) recent [try] , following earlier sorties of platt ( 1978 ) represents the appropriate move from the left .

Merton 's ( 1938 ) attempt to explain crime as a response to anomie — the disjuncture between cultural goals of success and legitimate opportunity structures through which success might be realized — has been reproduced over 110 times , a fact which in itself testifies to the importance of this analysis .
merton 's ( 1938 ) [try] to explain crime as a response to anomie — the disjuncture between cultural goals of success and legitimate opportunity structures through which success might be realized — has been reproduced over 110 times , a fact which in itself testifies to the importance of this analysis .

Although corporate crime represents an attempt to resolve some contradictions between pursuing a limited number of organizational goals and environmental constraints , it is an attempt initiated and implemented by individuals .
although corporate crime represents an [try] to resolve some contradictions between pursuing a limited number of organizational goals and environmental constraints , it is an [try] initiated and implemented by individuals .

In an attempt to consider the specific deterrent function of sanctions imposed under consumer protection legislation in Australia , Hopkins ( 1980a ) asks : ‘ do sanctions applied to corporate offenders prevent or reduce the likelihood of recidivism ?
in an [try] to consider the specific deterrent function of sanctions imposed under consumer protection legislation in australia , hopkins ( 1980a ) asks : ‘ do sanctions applied to corporate offenders prevent or reduce the likelihood of recidivism ?

For these not only reveal something about the nature of criminal law and hence crime itself , but also how corporations are able to channel some of their resources into a concerted attempt to prevent their socially injurious behaviours from being criminalized .
for these not only reveal something about the nature of criminal law and hence crime itself , but also how corporations are able to channel some of their resources into a concerted [try] to prevent their socially injurious behaviours from being criminalized .

Bigger fish might indeed be caught , but in the meantime they have grown into killer sharks with teeth big enough to bite through any net we might attempt to throw over them .
bigger fish might indeed be caught , but in the meantime they have grown into killer sharks with teeth big enough to bite through any net we might [try] to throw over them .

Maybe smaller corporations can be deterred , but any attempt to constrain seriously the large transnational corporations will ultimately affect us adversely where it hurts most — in our economic performance .
maybe smaller corporations can be deterred , but any [try] to constrain seriously the large transnational corporations will ultimately affect us adversely where it hurts most — in our economic performance .

At least his latest attempt was a story on a subject which he knew about .
at least his latest [try] was a story on a subject which he knew about .

In an attempt to boost a moral and economic recovery , the government had announced that the renaissance of a country ‘ fit for heroes to live in ’ was to be put to the test in the spring of 1924 .
in an [try] to boost a moral and economic recovery , the government had announced that the renaissance of a country ‘ fit for heroes to live in ’ was to be put to the test in the spring of 1924 .

The Isle of Wight born rider 's attempt to break into the male dominated racing game has been dogged by injury .
the isle of wight born rider 's [try] to break into the male dominated racing game has been dogged by injury .

And Souness ' attempt to sell Dean Saunders has hit the rocks with Aston Villa still refusing to pay Liverpool 's £2.3million asking price .
and souness ' [try] to sell dean saunders has hit the rocks with aston villa still refusing to pay liverpool 's £2.3million asking price .

An umpire told me : ‘ What 's happened to Don was no reflection on his unswerving attempt to get the truth told over everything that went on at Lord 's .
an umpire told me : ‘ what 's happened to don was no reflection on his unswerving [try] to get the truth told over everything that went on at lord 's .

He lisps , his handshake is effeminate , a loose-wristed attempt at a greeting that camouflages the evil within him .
he lisps , his handshake is effeminate , a loose-wristed [try] at a greeting that camouflages the evil within him .

Gary Mills volley was saved by Czech Pavel Srnicek at the second attempt .
gary mills volley was saved by czech pavel srnicek at the second [try] .

Talented hurdler Ambuscade finally broke his Flat duck at the 22nd attempt to initiate a 34-1 double for Kevin Darley .
talented hurdler ambuscade finally broke his flat duck at the 22nd [try] to initiate a 34-1 double for kevin darley .

The Great Britain international hooker charged down full-back Garry Jack 's clumsy attempt to kick up field and then pounced over the line , Paul Eastwood adding the two points .
the great britain international hooker charged down full-back garry jack 's clumsy [try] to kick up field and then pounced over the line , paul eastwood adding the two points .

’ Her first attempt at marriage , to director Gus Trikonis in 1969 , ended in divorce .
’ her first [try] at marriage , to director gus trikonis in 1969 , ended in divorce .

But yesterday 's announcement really amounts to an admission that the Government badly bungled its first attempt to lay down by law how English should be taught in schools — only two years ago .
but yesterday 's announcement really amounts to an admission that the government badly bungled its first [try] to lay down by law how english should be taught in schools — only two years ago .

But her desperate attempt at Balmoral to enlist the aid of her mother-in-law ended in abject failure .
but her desperate [try] at balmoral to enlist the aid of her mother-in-law ended in abject failure .

And what about wee Norrie Lamont , the so-called Chancellor of the Exchequer , now being set up by Downing Street as a future former Chancellor in an attempt to save Honest John 's career ?
and what about wee norrie lamont , the so-called chancellor of the exchequer , now being set up by downing street as a future former chancellor in an [try] to save honest john 's career ?

He has not spoken to the child 's mother , Monika Kocanek , nor made any attempt to see the baby since her birth .
he has not spoken to the child 's mother , monika kocanek , nor made any [try] to see the baby since her birth .

For all Mellor 's protestations that the tabloids brought him down in an attempt to dictate to the Prime Minister who should be in his Cabinet , the truth is that the Heritage Secretary was rejected by his peers .
for all mellor 's protestations that the tabloids brought him down in an [try] to dictate to the prime minister who should be in his cabinet , the truth is that the heritage secretary was rejected by his peers .

Salt was poured into her drinking water , silly letters were sent to her , and any attempt to win their friendship was met with sullen silences or rebuffs .
salt was poured into her drinking water , silly letters were sent to her , and any [try] to win their friendship was met with sullen silences or rebuffs .

It does not help when tutors attempt to compare such skills to riding a bicycle .
it does not help when tutors [try] to compare such skills to riding a bicycle .

Altogether some 10,000ft of ascent and descent are needed , often steep , rocky and energetic , so only fit , capable and committed walkers should attempt this route .
altogether some 10,000ft of ascent and descent are needed , often steep , rocky and energetic , so only fit , capable and committed walkers should [try] this route .

He had a mountain to climb and he was jolly well going to reach the top or die in the attempt .
he had a mountain to climb and he was jolly well going to reach the top or die in the [try] .

Firstly there is the whole word approach , whereby shape and pattern recognition procedures attempt to match directly with complete words .
firstly there is the whole word approach , whereby shape and pattern recognition procedures [try] to match directly with complete words .

Studies of whole word recognition attempt to recognise a word as a single entity by examining certain global features of the word .
studies of whole word recognition [try] to recognise a word as a single entity by examining certain global features of the word .

An attempt was made to take advantage of the morphological structure of words to cut down on storage space and search time .
an [try] was made to take advantage of the morphological structure of words to cut down on storage space and search time .

Firstly samples of handwriting must be acquired to train the database , and secondly this database will be used to attempt recognition of some new samples of script .
firstly samples of handwriting must be acquired to train the database , and secondly this database will be used to [try] recognition of some new samples of script .

The system can only attempt to deal with possible errors of recognition or spelling .
the system can only [try] to deal with possible errors of recognition or spelling .

For each type of error , an algorithm can be found which will attempt to find the intended word .
for each type of error , an algorithm can be found which will [try] to find the intended word .

For true spelling errors ( rather than typographical mistakes ) , a corrector which knows something about pronunciation will do better than one without , because a writer who is unsure of a spelling will probably attempt to spell a word as it sounds ( Mitton , 1987 ) .
for true spelling errors ( rather than typographical mistakes ) , a corrector which knows something about pronunciation will do better than one without , because a writer who is unsure of a spelling will probably [try] to spell a word as it sounds ( mitton , 1987 ) .

Given the problems explained above , it may be difficult , and in some cases counter-productive to attempt any correction of errors within our system , however initial investigations suggest there may be particular situations where correction can be attempted and is in fact useful to improve recognition rates .
given the problems explained above , it may be difficult , and in some cases counter-productive to [try] any correction of errors within our system , however initial investigations suggest there may be particular situations where correction can be attempted and is in fact useful to improve recognition rates .

In fact simple substitutions of characters such as l , i , t , f , and ‘ \ ’ for each other is an effective first attempt to find correct words , because these characters frequently confuse with each other .
in fact simple substitutions of characters such as l , i , t , f , and ‘ \ ’ for each other is an effective first [try] to find correct words , because these characters frequently confuse with each other .

This gives a grand total of 30 out of 36 errors which could be corrected , by using simple algorithms as a first attempt before going into more complicated algorithms which may be impractical .
this gives a grand total of 30 out of 36 errors which could be corrected , by using simple algorithms as a first [try] before going into more complicated algorithms which may be impractical .

less than some lower bound ) then attempt some correction .
less than some lower bound ) then [try] some correction .

longer than some upper bound ) then do not attempt correction , in which case the word might be sent back to the user to be re-written .
longer than some upper bound ) then do not [try] correction , in which case the word might be sent back to the user to be re-written .

As a first attempt we have tried to calculate this from the mean letter width for a particular writer , which can be obtained from the raw x-coordinate data for the script at training time .
as a first [try] we have tried to calculate this from the mean letter width for a particular writer , which can be obtained from the raw x-coordinate data for the script at training time .

Sometimes the recogniser gives no candidate letter when nothing matches in the Freeman vector database ( section 3.4.1 and section 5.2.6 ) , and in such situations a ‘ wild card ’ algorithm is implemented to attempt to fill such blank letter positions ( shown as * below ) by searching in the word look-up tree . eg. ca*e *ope dea* p**t
sometimes the recogniser gives no candidate letter when nothing matches in the freeman vector database ( section 3.4.1 and section 5.2.6 ) , and in such situations a ‘ wild card ’ algorithm is implemented to [try] to fill such blank letter positions ( shown as * below ) by searching in the word look-up tree . eg. ca*e *ope dea* p**t

Consequently the system is left with a more useful structure for the storage of the lexicon , which can be searched on a number of factors to attempt correction of recognition errors .
consequently the system is left with a more useful structure for the storage of the lexicon , which can be searched on a number of factors to [try] correction of recognition errors .

Naas Botha took his white Springbok players to a squalid black township yesterday in an attempt to defuse today 's potentially explosive Test with Australia in Cape Town .
naas botha took his white springbok players to a squalid black township yesterday in an [try] to defuse today 's potentially explosive test with australia in cape town .

Young Ferguson 's determined attitude will be required in full today as United attempt a recovery exercise following defeats by Sheffield United and Everton .
young ferguson 's determined attitude will be required in full today as united [try] a recovery exercise following defeats by sheffield united and everton .

And with England winger Tony Daley ruled out after damaging knee ligaments in training and Dwight Yorke also unfit , Regis will attempt to burst the pain barrier .
and with england winger tony daley ruled out after damaging knee ligaments in training and dwight yorke also unfit , regis will [try] to burst the pain barrier .

Ince 's influence will be vital to United as they today attempt to give Fergie his first win at Nottingham Forest .
ince 's influence will be vital to united as they today [try] to give fergie his first win at nottingham forest .

Yesterday he kept smiling — first when umpire David Shepherd reversed his decision over a double stumping attempt and soon after when Miandad was adjudged to have been caught and bowled by Chris Lewis .
yesterday he kept smiling — first when umpire david shepherd reversed his decision over a double stumping [try] and soon after when miandad was adjudged to have been caught and bowled by chris lewis .

Ferguson salvaged at least a point from another tough assignment , the first of the season at the third attempt .
ferguson salvaged at least a point from another tough assignment , the first of the season at the third [try] .

The champion jockey failed in his attempt to overturn a five-day suspension awarded for his riding of Silver Wizard .
the champion jockey failed in his [try] to overturn a five-day suspension awarded for his riding of silver wizard .

Bosses say they can no longer afford the free banking brought in eight years ago in an attempt to beat off competition from building society accounts .
bosses say they can no longer afford the free banking brought in eight years ago in an [try] to beat off competition from building society accounts .

It 's being sent out to the public through the post with no attempt to spare her pride or hide her name .
it 's being sent out to the public through the post with no [try] to spare her pride or hide her name .

Jill , 32 , was among 700 employees made redundant in a desperate attempt to cut costs and boost profits .
jill , 32 , was among 700 employees made redundant in a desperate [try] to cut costs and boost profits .

Sadly , drugs used in a desperate attempt to save his life made most of his organs unusable .
sadly , drugs used in a desperate [try] to save his life made most of his organs unusable .

And this week the Government used them in an attempt to ‘ rehabilitate ’ sex scandal Minister David Mellor .
and this week the government used them in an [try] to ‘ rehabilitate ’ sex scandal minister david mellor .

‘ That will teach him to drink too much and attempt the impossible . ’
‘ that will teach him to drink too much and [try] the impossible . ’

‘ No one made any attempt at all to see any of the good things about it .
‘ no one made any [try] at all to see any of the good things about it .

The afternoon in question was spent in a painful attempt ( wholly unsuccessful ) to keep up with a young woman who later turned out to be a champion rider with a European reputation .
the afternoon in question was spent in a painful [try] ( wholly unsuccessful ) to keep up with a young woman who later turned out to be a champion rider with a european reputation .

The most obvious example was the attempt to find a yeti on an expedition Bonington led to climb Menlungtse in the Himalaya .
the most obvious example was the [try] to find a yeti on an expedition bonington led to climb menlungtse in the himalaya .

‘ When we arrived at the house it appeared there had been an attempt to destroy literature by burning it .
‘ when we arrived at the house it appeared there had been an [try] to destroy literature by burning it .

Cher ignored Sonny 's attempt to apologise for their years of bickering .
cher ignored sonny 's [try] to apologise for their years of bickering .

The pledge was attacked by Clinton 's camp as ‘ a blatant attempt to buy this election . ’
the pledge was attacked by clinton 's camp as ‘ a blatant [try] to buy this election . ’

‘ It was terribly embarrassing , ’ said Tom , who is to attempt a memory record for Britain to get into the Guinness Book of Records .
‘ it was terribly embarrassing , ’ said tom , who is to [try] a memory record for britain to get into the guinness book of records .

So , moving on to another requirement of this law , which states that ‘ When a penalty kick is taken the following shall apply : ( a ) The kick must be taken without undue delay ; ( b ) the kick must be taken at or behind the mark on a line through the mark ; ( c ) The kicker may kick the ball in any direction and he may play the ball again , without any restriction except if he has indicated to the referee that he intends to attempt a kick for goal ’ .
so , moving on to another requirement of this law , which states that ‘ when a penalty kick is taken the following shall apply : ( a ) the kick must be taken without undue delay ; ( b ) the kick must be taken at or behind the mark on a line through the mark ; ( c ) the kicker may kick the ball in any direction and he may play the ball again , without any restriction except if he has indicated to the referee that he intends to [try] a kick for goal ’ .

Here the changes are an attempt to get clean possession .
here the changes are an [try] to get clean possession .

Since Palat has no desire to canonise the artist , there is no attempt to trace the origins of his creative genius ; neither does the director explore his subject 's troubled soul .
since palat has no desire to canonise the artist , there is no [try] to trace the origins of his creative genius ; neither does the director explore his subject 's troubled soul .

But at least they attempt to entertain in their own shagpile style .
but at least they [try] to entertain in their own shagpile style .

There 's no need for James to even attempt to sing the chorus , the entire audience are as one shouting that word out to him .
there 's no need for james to even [try] to sing the chorus , the entire audience are as one shouting that word out to him .

Once Dawn took it into her head to attempt a sudden flight , jumped up in the air and found herself agonisingly caught , because of the tenderness round her feet under the jesses .
once dawn took it into her head to [try] a sudden flight , jumped up in the air and found herself agonisingly caught , because of the tenderness round her feet under the jesses .

We did n't even attempt to fly them , although they were ‘ bating ’ in the wind .
we did n't even [try] to fly them , although they were ‘ bating ’ in the wind .

Mrs Williams , 54 , is the former headmistress of St Paul 's Girls ' school in London who was forced to quit by a parents ' rebellion over an attempt to limit the number of GCSEs her girls sat .
mrs williams , 54 , is the former headmistress of st paul 's girls ' school in london who was forced to quit by a parents ' rebellion over an [try] to limit the number of gcses her girls sat .

His three marriage break-ups have been traumatic , but he does not rule out a fourth attempt .
his three marriage break-ups have been traumatic , but he does not rule out a fourth [try] .

And even if it went down , at least it would be a heroic failure — a genuine attempt to break the mould and bring back standards of quality and decency .
and even if it went down , at least it would be a heroic failure — a genuine [try] to break the mould and bring back standards of quality and decency .

But those leaders are necessarily responsive , to a greater or lesser extent , to the political pressures from those they attempt to rule , as well as to historical necessity — in broad terms , the needs of survival and development of human society .
but those leaders are necessarily responsive , to a greater or lesser extent , to the political pressures from those they [try] to rule , as well as to historical necessity — in broad terms , the needs of survival and development of human society .

The codification effort that culminated in the Hague conventions was an attempt to control the increased scale of warfare brought about by the transition from relatively small professional armies to large conscript ones , and the growth in the destructive power of weapons consequent on the growth of large-scale modern industry .
the codification effort that culminated in the hague conventions was an [try] to control the increased scale of warfare brought about by the transition from relatively small professional armies to large conscript ones , and the growth in the destructive power of weapons consequent on the growth of large-scale modern industry .

It took almost twenty years to launch a new attempt to embody in formal texts some of humanity 's yearnings for effective restrictions on war .
it took almost twenty years to launch a new [try] to embody in formal texts some of humanity 's yearnings for effective restrictions on war .

On the contrary , the conventions have usually consisted of an attempt to formalise , under popular and humanitarian pressure , rules that must be considered as generally applicable .
on the contrary , the conventions have usually consisted of an [try] to formalise , under popular and humanitarian pressure , rules that must be considered as generally applicable .

It is again an attempt to retreat to the position that only those weapons are prohibited which are specifically referred to in a ratified treaty .
it is again an [try] to retreat to the position that only those weapons are prohibited which are specifically referred to in a ratified treaty .

Indeed , military effectiveness has long been argued in favour of the acceptability of new weapons however horrifying , going back to the British attempt to defend the use of ‘ dum-dum ’ bullets against ‘ savages ’ in the Colonies ( Best , 1980 , p. 162 ) .
indeed , military effectiveness has long been argued in favour of the acceptability of new weapons however horrifying , going back to the british [try] to defend the use of ‘ dum-dum ’ bullets against ‘ savages ’ in the colonies ( best , 1980 , p. 162 ) .

The main attempt to tackle the issue of bombing , the 1923 Hague Rules of Aerial Warfare , is an admirable and detailed interpretation of customary rules and general principles of the laws of war , but it was never adopted by states in legally binding form — partly because of the belief , widely held in the aftermath of the First World War that the important thing was to prevent war altogether , rather than to devise rules for how it might be conducted .
the main [try] to tackle the issue of bombing , the 1923 hague rules of aerial warfare , is an admirable and detailed interpretation of customary rules and general principles of the laws of war , but it was never adopted by states in legally binding form — partly because of the belief , widely held in the aftermath of the first world war that the important thing was to prevent war altogether , rather than to devise rules for how it might be conducted .

One is even tempted to propound a theorem to cope with the bewildering thickets of paradox obstructing every path , namely : every attempt to ameliorate nuclear doctrine in one respect produces an equal and opposite effect in some other respect .
one is even tempted to propound a theorem to cope with the bewildering thickets of paradox obstructing every path , namely : every [try] to ameliorate nuclear doctrine in one respect produces an equal and opposite effect in some other respect .

Similar criticisms of these explanations have often been formulated by sociologically-based theories which attempt to reflect the connections between the legal system and the political , cultural and economic systems .
similar criticisms of these explanations have often been formulated by sociologically-based theories which [try] to reflect the connections between the legal system and the political , cultural and economic systems .

The main assumptions of this debate are structured by concepts and social conventions which through the past centuries have helped us to understand reality : keywords of emerging bourgeois society like ‘ individual ’ , ‘ society ’ , ‘ state ’ , ‘ market ’ , ‘ democracy ’ have slightly different connotations in different Western societies and in different periods but — on the whole — form the common language with which we communicate about complex processes and attempt to understand and structure them .
the main assumptions of this debate are structured by concepts and social conventions which through the past centuries have helped us to understand reality : keywords of emerging bourgeois society like ‘ individual ’ , ‘ society ’ , ‘ state ’ , ‘ market ’ , ‘ democracy ’ have slightly different connotations in different western societies and in different periods but — on the whole — form the common language with which we communicate about complex processes and [try] to understand and structure them .

Further while municipal law can survive a fairly high incidence of order-violation and still fulfil its ordering function , the nature of international conflict is such that comparatively few violations , perhaps only one attempt to resist the lawful force of a world state , might be more than enough to undermine the rationale for the whole edifice of peace law .
further while municipal law can survive a fairly high incidence of order-violation and still fulfil its ordering function , the nature of international conflict is such that comparatively few violations , perhaps only one [try] to resist the lawful force of a world state , might be more than enough to undermine the rationale for the whole edifice of peace law .

This approach to law is an attempt to ethicise legal obligation , and posits as its ideal a situation in which all subjects can obey laws out of a sense of the ethical value of law , a sense which does not require them to be in moral agreement with any of the laws of the system in question .
this approach to law is an [try] to ethicise legal obligation , and posits as its ideal a situation in which all subjects can obey laws out of a sense of the ethical value of law , a sense which does not require them to be in moral agreement with any of the laws of the system in question .

‘ Wild ’ Charlie Mander , the British consul , and Sheriff Felipe Almodovar , the self-styled ‘ Law South of Tierra del Fuego , ’ met for talks in an attempt to reach a settlement , but tempers rose and shots were exchanged .
‘ wild ’ charlie mander , the british consul , and sheriff felipe almodovar , the self-styled ‘ law south of tierra del fuego , ’ met for talks in an [try] to reach a settlement , but tempers rose and shots were exchanged .

To attempt such a thing would be herculean and quixotic .
to [try] such a thing would be herculean and quixotic .

That experiment was , however , brought to an end in 1972 , although a brief attempt to restore devolved powers lasted from December 1973 to May 1974 .
that experiment was , however , brought to an end in 1972 , although a brief [try] to restore devolved powers lasted from december 1973 to may 1974 .

In this attempt , however , Parliament failed to foresee all the possible contingencies and it was obliged to return to the matter in 1700 when it established , in the Act of Settlement , the basis upon which the Crown has since devolved .
in this [try] , however , parliament failed to foresee all the possible contingencies and it was obliged to return to the matter in 1700 when it established , in the act of settlement , the basis upon which the crown has since devolved .

The first attempt to strengthen the House of Lords , prior to 1876 , was the conferment of a life peerage upon Baron Parke , ( ‘ Baron ’ here signifying merely a judgeship in the Court of Exchequer ) who thus became Lord Wensleydale .
the first [try] to strengthen the house of lords , prior to 1876 , was the conferment of a life peerage upon baron parke , ( ‘ baron ’ here signifying merely a judgeship in the court of exchequer ) who thus became lord wensleydale .

The occasion of the most recent serious attempt was in 1968 when a Bill designed to further limit the power of the Lords received a second reading in the House of Commons but it foundered .
the occasion of the most recent serious [try] was in 1968 when a bill designed to further limit the power of the lords received a second reading in the house of commons but it foundered .

To attempt to confine the disqualification to ‘ true ’ episcopal ordination takes the argument back at least to the Reformation and perhaps to St. Peter .
to [try] to confine the disqualification to ‘ true ’ episcopal ordination takes the argument back at least to the reformation and perhaps to st. peter .

Any attempt to do so would be , to that extent , void and , if necessary , would be declared to be void by the Supreme Court .
any [try] to do so would be , to that extent , void and , if necessary , would be declared to be void by the supreme court .

The attempt , in the Act of Settlement , to treat the embryonic Cabinet as an illegal organisation was never implemented and the relevant provision was , in fact , repealed in 1707 .
the [try] , in the act of settlement , to treat the embryonic cabinet as an illegal organisation was never implemented and the relevant provision was , in fact , repealed in 1707 .

His book does more than attempt to give comfort to those who have been bereaved .
his book does more than [try] to give comfort to those who have been bereaved .

As a last resort they tried introducing Ned to other stones in an attempt to distract his interest — blondes , brunettes and the occasional hard-to-find red-head but all to no avail .
as a last resort they tried introducing ned to other stones in an [try] to distract his interest — blondes , brunettes and the occasional hard-to-find red-head but all to no avail .

His owner decided to call in Peter Neville to attempt to sort out Ned 's problems .
his owner decided to call in peter neville to [try] to sort out ned 's problems .

As a protest some people never really made any attempt to get on with their writing project but just sat there and chatted to each other .
as a protest some people never really made any [try] to get on with their writing project but just sat there and chatted to each other .

The one who is ‘ playing ’ the role of the non-Christian should ask all the usual questions that your friends may ask , and the one who is being the Christian should attempt to answer .
the one who is ‘ playing ’ the role of the non-christian should ask all the usual questions that your friends may ask , and the one who is being the christian should [try] to answer .

Mr Grovey likes to appear cool and trendy ( as do most teachers under thirty ) , but for Mr Grovey the attempt at an up-to-date image is ruined by his liking for wearing highly patterned , sleeveless pullovers of the sort seen hanging in charity shops the length and breadth of Britain .
mr grovey likes to appear cool and trendy ( as do most teachers under thirty ) , but for mr grovey the [try] at an up-to-date image is ruined by his liking for wearing highly patterned , sleeveless pullovers of the sort seen hanging in charity shops the length and breadth of britain .

The thought of entering the disaster area of an elderly widow 's grief and shouldering some of the responsibility for helping her to bear it , and to rebuild what is left of her life , is enough to create feelings of anxiety in anyone ; and admittedly this can be a very difficult assignment , for not only will you be well aware that you are unable to give her the one thing she really wants — the return of her husband — but you will feel , as we all do when faced with the bereaved , that their personality seems suddenly to have been crushed like a flower under the heel of a vandal , showing it to be so fragile and vulnerable that almost any attempt to revive it would seem to be doomed to failure .
the thought of entering the disaster area of an elderly widow 's grief and shouldering some of the responsibility for helping her to bear it , and to rebuild what is left of her life , is enough to create feelings of anxiety in anyone ; and admittedly this can be a very difficult assignment , for not only will you be well aware that you are unable to give her the one thing she really wants — the return of her husband — but you will feel , as we all do when faced with the bereaved , that their personality seems suddenly to have been crushed like a flower under the heel of a vandal , showing it to be so fragile and vulnerable that almost any [try] to revive it would seem to be doomed to failure .

This is never easy , and she will only respond if she feels that your suggestions spring from real affection and concern for her and are not just an attempt to dominate or to ‘ bully ’ her into a new regime .
this is never easy , and she will only respond if she feels that your suggestions spring from real affection and concern for her and are not just an [try] to dominate or to ‘ bully ’ her into a new regime .

She will try to accept the fact , as she takes her mother 's ‘ elevenses ’ in to her , that any attempt she may make to start a discussion of something that might not be of immediate interest to her mother may be turned off suddenly like a switch , and will plunge her temporarily into an emotional darkness in which she will feel very much alone .
she will try to accept the fact , as she takes her mother 's ‘ elevenses ’ in to her , that any [try] she may make to start a discussion of something that might not be of immediate interest to her mother may be turned off suddenly like a switch , and will plunge her temporarily into an emotional darkness in which she will feel very much alone .

You should never attempt to dominate her simply because she is living in your home , for when you invited her to come to live with you it became her home too — the only home she has now , and she must be allowed to remain her own woman .
you should never [try] to dominate her simply because she is living in your home , for when you invited her to come to live with you it became her home too — the only home she has now , and she must be allowed to remain her own woman .

French successes faltered , however , when the maid of Orleans , failing in her attempt to wrest Paris from the English in 1430 , was captured and burned at the stake in Rouen on 30 May 1431 .
french successes faltered , however , when the maid of orleans , failing in her [try] to wrest paris from the english in 1430 , was captured and burned at the stake in rouen on 30 may 1431 .

Tyroglyphus , harmless to the vine but a deadly enemy of Phylloxera vastatrix , was imported in 1873 in an attempt to kill off the pest ; unfortunately , however , unlike phylloxera , Tyroglyphus did not care for the European climate and failed to settle .
tyroglyphus , harmless to the vine but a deadly enemy of phylloxera vastatrix , was imported in 1873 in an [try] to kill off the pest ; unfortunately , however , unlike phylloxera , tyroglyphus did not care for the european climate and failed to settle .

Midnight briefly intercepted his look , then turned to the side table , exchanging a platter of carved meats for cheesecake , as if he rejected any attempt to penetrate his wall of reserve .
midnight briefly intercepted his look , then turned to the side table , exchanging a platter of carved meats for cheesecake , as if he rejected any [try] to penetrate his wall of reserve .

She made an inadequate attempt to neaten her cap , then fidgeted with her cuffs , keeping her back to her sister .
she made an inadequate [try] to neaten her cap , then fidgeted with her cuffs , keeping her back to her sister .

She glanced through the window in a half-hearted attempt to tell the hour .
she glanced through the window in a half-hearted [try] to tell the hour .

She fixed her eyes on the street in an attempt to calm herself .
she fixed her eyes on the street in an [try] to calm herself .

It is almost always based on the four zero foods , and if we attempt to resist it , our friends insist that ‘ a little wo n't hurt ’ .
it is almost always based on the four zero foods , and if we [try] to resist it , our friends insist that ‘ a little wo n't hurt ’ .

If you find a trapped badger do n't attempt to handle it as they have a vicious bite .
if you find a trapped badger do n't [try] to handle it as they have a vicious bite .

This sketch is concerned only with the framework of the solid objects , no attempt is made to suggest blocks of light and shade as this would inhibit the application of paint to these pre-defined areas , denying the paint its freedom to run , bleed and react with the previously described qualities of the paper .
this sketch is concerned only with the framework of the solid objects , no [try] is made to suggest blocks of light and shade as this would inhibit the application of paint to these pre-defined areas , denying the paint its freedom to run , bleed and react with the previously described qualities of the paper .

and no attempt at fancy throwing . All they could do
and no [try] at fancy throwing . all they could do

She sat up in the bed and pulled the covers up to her armpits in an attempt to recoup a little of her dignity .
she sat up in the bed and pulled the covers up to her armpits in an [try] to recoup a little of her dignity .

Anyone trying to escape undetected from the house , and heading for the village , would have to emerge from his cover at a point approximately half-way up the drive , or attempt to climb a very high wall .
anyone trying to escape undetected from the house , and heading for the village , would have to emerge from his cover at a point approximately half-way up the drive , or [try] to climb a very high wall .

Jackson made his final attempt with the tea , then set it down with a grimace of distaste .
jackson made his final [try] with the tea , then set it down with a grimace of distaste .

Peter 's attempt to stop Jesus from going to the cross was not his only mistake .
peter 's [try] to stop jesus from going to the cross was not his only mistake .

Our attempt to be an intimate family has foundered !
our [try] to be an intimate family has foundered !

Rather , it is an unconscious , gentle process whereby people who want to be loving attempt to be so by telling little white lies , by withholding some of the truth about themselves and their feelings in order to avoid conflict .
rather , it is an unconscious , gentle process whereby people who want to be loving [try] to be so by telling little white lies , by withholding some of the truth about themselves and their feelings in order to avoid conflict .

Jean raged and argued , and even went so far as to attempt tenderness in her effort to get Ted back to ordinary but working unhappiness .
jean raged and argued , and even went so far as to [try] tenderness in her effort to get ted back to ordinary but working unhappiness .

Timmy would spend hours happily banging them together or against the bars or , as now , slobbering against one of the stones in an attempt to get it into his mouth .
timmy would spend hours happily banging them together or against the bars or , as now , slobbering against one of the stones in an [try] to get it into his mouth .

’ After a couple of minutes he gave up the attempt , left the tool box by the cottage wall and walked to the edge of the cliff then slithered down to the beach .
’ after a couple of minutes he gave up the [try] , left the tool box by the cottage wall and walked to the edge of the cliff then slithered down to the beach .

The cheap attempt at humour had been too like a treacherous repudiation of Timmy whom he loved .
the cheap [try] at humour had been too like a treacherous repudiation of timmy whom he loved .

These three young men have demonstrated a personal commitment and sacrifice which inspired them to attempt this daunting journey with enthusiasm .
these three young men have demonstrated a personal commitment and sacrifice which inspired them to [try] this daunting journey with enthusiasm .

Never attempt electrical repairs without unplugging the appliance .
never [try] electrical repairs without unplugging the appliance .

They argue that children are dashing , impulsive and playful ; to try to eliminate this would be to attempt to deny their stage of development .
they argue that children are dashing , impulsive and playful ; to try to eliminate this would be to [try] to deny their stage of development .

The first attempt to put any of these ideas into practice took place in North Rhine Westphalia in 1977–8 .
the first [try] to put any of these ideas into practice took place in north rhine westphalia in 1977–8 .

However , what is most interesting is that a deliberate attempt was made to sell it as a concept rather than as what might have hitherto been seen as a package of infrastructural measures .
however , what is most interesting is that a deliberate [try] was made to sell it as a concept rather than as what might have hitherto been seen as a package of infrastructural measures .

From an ‘ Ideas ’ book , one should n't perhaps expect much in the way of detailed costings of large schemes , but the lack of any attempt to cost even some of the individual measures lent the whole exercise an air of unreality .
from an ‘ ideas ’ book , one should n't perhaps expect much in the way of detailed costings of large schemes , but the lack of any [try] to cost even some of the individual measures lent the whole exercise an air of unreality .

there have been experiments with 30 km/h zones in an attempt to win safety gains inexpensively .
there have been experiments with 30 km/h zones in an [try] to win safety gains inexpensively .

In this practice there is a parallel with Dutch work , for like the 30 km/h zone experiments in Holland , though these avoid the use of sophisticated Woonerf-style street furniture , they still attempt to incorporate the infrastructural works that increase the driver 's perception of the need for slow-speed behaviour .
in this practice there is a parallel with dutch work , for like the 30 km/h zone experiments in holland , though these avoid the use of sophisticated woonerf-style street furniture , they still [try] to incorporate the infrastructural works that increase the driver 's perception of the need for slow-speed behaviour .

Accordingly the research agencies within these ministries were brought together in 1981 to attempt an inter-disciplinary research programme and to promulgate the results .
accordingly the research agencies within these ministries were brought together in 1981 to [try] an inter-disciplinary research programme and to promulgate the results .

Explicit in the design of the projects was the attempt to achieve these aims without diverting traffic to other areas — in other words there was to be a genuine experiment in calming existing traffic in situ , not simply exporting the problems to other districts .
explicit in the design of the projects was the [try] to achieve these aims without diverting traffic to other areas — in other words there was to be a genuine experiment in calming existing traffic in situ , not simply exporting the problems to other districts .

It was different from previous work in that main roads were to be included ; public transport as well as walking and cycling were to be considered ; and particular importance was to be attached to the attempt to lower costs and achieve area-wide benefits by applying fewer and simpler measures .
it was different from previous work in that main roads were to be included ; public transport as well as walking and cycling were to be considered ; and particular importance was to be attached to the [try] to lower costs and achieve area-wide benefits by applying fewer and simpler measures .

In general , the measures were to attempt to create an environment for cycling which was safe , direct , comfortable and in which cyclists felt that they were being encouraged and provided for .
in general , the measures were to [try] to create an environment for cycling which was safe , direct , comfortable and in which cyclists felt that they were being encouraged and provided for .

Buxtehude , which is studied first , is most interesting for the way in which an attempt has been made to treat a large area of a small town , ranging from centre to suburb .
buxtehude , which is studied first , is most interesting for the way in which an [try] has been made to treat a large area of a small town , ranging from centre to suburb .

Partly because these changes have been seen as shifts in design philosophy to be applied incrementally to new housing areas or to rehabilitated inner city districts , there has been no attempt to apply them to established residential areas .
partly because these changes have been seen as shifts in design philosophy to be applied incrementally to new housing areas or to rehabilitated inner city districts , there has been no [try] to apply them to established residential areas .

They attempt shorter distances when conditions are unfavourable and walk further when surroundings have been made visually attractive by art work , shop windows and the like .
they [try] shorter distances when conditions are unfavourable and walk further when surroundings have been made visually attractive by art work , shop windows and the like .

Footpaths through parks have a significant number of users who are actually pedestrians en route to another destination , but such use depends on the accident of alignment rather than any attempt to meet defined flows through conscious planning .
footpaths through parks have a significant number of users who are actually pedestrians en route to another destination , but such use depends on the accident of alignment rather than any [try] to meet defined flows through conscious planning .

This Edouard knew : what he could not understand was that in the years since the end of the war Jean-Paul had made no attempt to restore the house .
this edouard knew : what he could not understand was that in the years since the end of the war jean-paul had made no [try] to restore the house .

The attempt was not a success .
the [try] was not a success .

Creed 's statement seldom varied : ‘ This entire story is a monstrous fabrication , an attempt to smear the good name of the Paradise Corporation .
creed 's statement seldom varied : ‘ this entire story is a monstrous fabrication , an [try] to smear the good name of the paradise corporation .

His vain attempt to win Dad 's mood back .
his vain [try] to win dad 's mood back .

Secondly , if they had attended they would have learned that the proposed £7,000 was the minimum amount we would attempt to collect .
secondly , if they had attended they would have learned that the proposed £7,000 was the minimum amount we would [try] to collect .

Last year an attempt was made to improve the drainage to stop flooding and reduce erosion .
last year an [try] was made to improve the drainage to stop flooding and reduce erosion .

The latest attempt to get something done comes from open spaces committee chairman Adrian Bird , who received parish council agreement for ratification and approval for a report on necessary remedial tree work on the path , with the parish initially bearing the report 's cost .
the latest [try] to get something done comes from open spaces committee chairman adrian bird , who received parish council agreement for ratification and approval for a report on necessary remedial tree work on the path , with the parish initially bearing the report 's cost .

His bold declarations and willingness to attempt a task , however , great , said Wisden , did much to change the state of affairs at Edgbaston .
his bold declarations and willingness to [try] a task , however , great , said wisden , did much to change the state of affairs at edgbaston .

Hewett , who gave a very difficult chance to Briggs , who ran from cover point , fell to a wonderful catch at mid-on by Mold , who held the ball at the second attempt .
hewett , who gave a very difficult chance to briggs , who ran from cover point , fell to a wonderful catch at mid-on by mold , who held the ball at the second [try] .

It was the 50th Test to be staged at the picturesque Adelaide Oval , where the pitch had been relaid in an attempt to put an end to a run of six drawn matches ( only Kanpur , with seven , had staged more successive inconclusive Tests ) .
it was the 50th test to be staged at the picturesque adelaide oval , where the pitch had been relaid in an [try] to put an end to a run of six drawn matches ( only kanpur , with seven , had staged more successive inconclusive tests ) .

Meanwhile Crowe , who had been watching the carnage unfold from the other end with increasing horror , unfurled some strokes of class in an attempt to ease the situation .
meanwhile crowe , who had been watching the carnage unfold from the other end with increasing horror , unfurled some strokes of class in an [try] to ease the situation .

While the Unix vendors got together last week for yet another attempt at unifying their offerings , Novell Inc , the next owner of Unix system technology , is convinced that things must go a lot further yet .
while the unix vendors got together last week for yet another [try] at unifying their offerings , novell inc , the next owner of unix system technology , is convinced that things must go a lot further yet .

Artists ' Materials — Which , Why and How is a valuable attempt to log the suitability of currently available art materials to working in practice through comparative charts which give details such as lightfastness and binding agents used in each particular medium .
artists ' materials — which , why and how is a valuable [try] to log the suitability of currently available art materials to working in practice through comparative charts which give details such as lightfastness and binding agents used in each particular medium .

Grading is a method of achieving a shorthand synthesis of every possible quality that one might wish to be included in a profile , consolidated into a symbol which examiners understand pragmatically with reference to a platonic point of reference existing in the minds of a group of examiners who have worked together , while a profile , however detailed , can never be more than an attempt to put down all those qualities . To which perhaps the only reply is St Augustine 's lament :
grading is a method of achieving a shorthand synthesis of every possible quality that one might wish to be included in a profile , consolidated into a symbol which examiners understand pragmatically with reference to a platonic point of reference existing in the minds of a group of examiners who have worked together , while a profile , however detailed , can never be more than an [try] to put down all those qualities . to which perhaps the only reply is st augustine 's lament :

The guard allocated to her had removed all her make-up kit from her handbag , a subtle attempt at demoralization .
the guard allocated to her had removed all her make-up kit from her handbag , a subtle [try] at demoralization .

Put more succinctly , this book is an attempt to make child care research ‘ user friendly ’ to those who work with children and young people , and those who plan and resource services for them .
put more succinctly , this book is an [try] to make child care research ‘ user friendly ’ to those who work with children and young people , and those who plan and resource services for them .

The book is also an attempt to link together and blend theory , policy and practice in the belief that well-informed policy and practice are likely not only to be more sensitive to the realities of clients ' lives and needs , but also more cost effective in the long term .
the book is also an [try] to link together and blend theory , policy and practice in the belief that well-informed policy and practice are likely not only to be more sensitive to the realities of clients ' lives and needs , but also more cost effective in the long term .

Parents and step-parents are increasingly writing about step-family life in an attempt both to warn parents and inform practitioners .
parents and step-parents are increasingly writing about step-family life in an [try] both to warn parents and inform practitioners .

However , rather than attempt a comprehensive summary or distillation of ‘ research findings ’ it will concentrate its efforts on identifying the main issues and questions that research has addressed , together with some of its main conclusions .
however , rather than [try] a comprehensive summary or distillation of ‘ research findings ’ it will concentrate its efforts on identifying the main issues and questions that research has addressed , together with some of its main conclusions .

It will then attempt to analyse critically the current state of knowledge about child abuse or — more to the point — what we do n't ‘ know ’ .
it will then [try] to analyse critically the current state of knowledge about child abuse or — more to the point — what we do n't ‘ know ’ .

There has been little attempt to review previous research with a view to formulating and testing specific hypotheses … frequently studies seem to start and finish with relatively untested common sense assumptions .
there has been little [try] to review previous research with a view to formulating and testing specific hypotheses … frequently studies seem to start and finish with relatively untested common sense assumptions .

From these studies an attempt was then made to identify ‘ families in difficulty ’ .
from these studies an [try] was then made to identify ‘ families in difficulty ’ .

But the attempt to isolate such cases from the majority of child abuse cases must always be made .
but the [try] to isolate such cases from the majority of child abuse cases must always be made .

Ray Noorda , chairman of Novell Inc , and Unix System Laboratories Inc chief Roel Pieper visited Japan at the end of last week in an attempt to reassure shareholders and customers of their respective organisations , already , if not soon to become , joint shareholders , that life was proceeding as normal and that the future of Unix as the industry has known it was in good hands .
ray noorda , chairman of novell inc , and unix system laboratories inc chief roel pieper visited japan at the end of last week in an [try] to reassure shareholders and customers of their respective organisations , already , if not soon to become , joint shareholders , that life was proceeding as normal and that the future of unix as the industry has known it was in good hands .

Throughout the post-war period the case for a high degree of centralised planning was weakening because there was no serious attempt to address the problem of an allocative mechanism which did not give free reign to market prices and collective bargaining .
throughout the post-war period the case for a high degree of centralised planning was weakening because there was no serious [try] to address the problem of an allocative mechanism which did not give free reign to market prices and collective bargaining .

There was no attempt to come to terms with the central issue of wage determination : an issue commented upon at the time but one whose importance was to become far clearer in hindsight to politicians and economists alike [ Meade , 1982 ] .
there was no [try] to come to terms with the central issue of wage determination : an issue commented upon at the time but one whose importance was to become far clearer in hindsight to politicians and economists alike [ meade , 1982 ] .

One attempt to assess the performance of publicly owned industries presents a picture of an average rate of growth of productivity per man very similar to private manufacture but , within that , very wide variations between a high for British Gas and a low for the National Coal Board .
one [try] to assess the performance of publicly owned industries presents a picture of an average rate of growth of productivity per man very similar to private manufacture but , within that , very wide variations between a high for british gas and a low for the national coal board .

The most celebrated attempt to explain it all by numbers was the so-called Phillips curve [ 1958 ] .
the most celebrated [try] to explain it all by numbers was the so-called phillips curve [ 1958 ] .

In sharp contrast there has been an attempt to argue that Britain 's adherence to the sterling area was not determined by an anachronistic desire to play a world role , combined with a suspicious prejudice against integration with Europe , but was the result of a careful balancing of post-war economic needs [ Newton , 1984 ] .
in sharp contrast there has been an [try] to argue that britain 's adherence to the sterling area was not determined by an anachronistic desire to play a world role , combined with a suspicious prejudice against integration with europe , but was the result of a careful balancing of post-war economic needs [ newton , 1984 ] .

The only major attempt dealt with the period between the mid 1950s and the mid 1960s [ Reddaway , 1967 , 1968 ] .
the only major [try] dealt with the period between the mid 1950s and the mid 1960s [ reddaway , 1967 , 1968 ] .

And the Treasury showed its true colours and relative power when its economic authority was challenged by the government 's attempt to develop a more direct planning role through the formation of the Department of Economic Affairs in 1964 under George Brown .
and the treasury showed its true colours and relative power when its economic authority was challenged by the government 's [try] to develop a more direct planning role through the formation of the department of economic affairs in 1964 under george brown .

Thus , for all the vast growth in the range of government activities — which has meant that civil servants have effectively been making major business decisions on the allocation of resources — the Treasury made little attempt to devise fundamentally new and appropriate methods of training and re-training [ Fulton Report , 1968 ; Chapman and Greenaway , 1980 ] .
thus , for all the vast growth in the range of government activities — which has meant that civil servants have effectively been making major business decisions on the allocation of resources — the treasury made little [try] to devise fundamentally new and appropriate methods of training and re-training [ fulton report , 1968 ; chapman and greenaway , 1980 ] .

Smoking was more common among Welsh parents , accompanied by an attempt not to smoke while close to the baby .
smoking was more common among welsh parents , accompanied by an [try] not to smoke while close to the baby .

Although many questions in parliament about aircraft accidents are put in a genuine spirit of inquiry , it can not be denied that others are merely tabled in an attempt to embarrass the minister or government of the day .
although many questions in parliament about aircraft accidents are put in a genuine spirit of inquiry , it can not be denied that others are merely tabled in an [try] to embarrass the minister or government of the day .

Even worse , some States attempt to bring political prejudice into the conference room and elicit support from other delegates with similar persuasions or from similar geographical groups such as when the African States or Central American States decide to oppose a proposal , pleading encroachment upon their sovereignty .
even worse , some states [try] to bring political prejudice into the conference room and elicit support from other delegates with similar persuasions or from similar geographical groups such as when the african states or central american states decide to oppose a proposal , pleading encroachment upon their sovereignty .

Western specialists have long felt the need for a journal which attempts regularly to describe and analyse developments in East Central European countries in a comparative framework … East European Reporter is a pioneering attempt to tackle this vital task . Timothy Garton Ash
western specialists have long felt the need for a journal which attempts regularly to describe and analyse developments in east central european countries in a comparative framework … east european reporter is a pioneering [try] to tackle this vital task . timothy garton ash

clearly a serious attempt to consider the underlying geopolitical patterns in the region … the book provides a clear background to the dangerous daily news . The Independent , 11th August , 1990
clearly a serious [try] to consider the underlying geopolitical patterns in the region … the book provides a clear background to the dangerous daily news . the independent , 11th august , 1990

When an attempt is made to set him up as a Saint , it is scarcely possible for any man of good sense who knows the history of his times to preserve his gravity .
when an [try] is made to set him up as a saint , it is scarcely possible for any man of good sense who knows the history of his times to preserve his gravity .

His first Prayer Book was influenced by Luther ; his second more by Zwingli , in an attempt to make it acceptable to the Continental churches and enable a Reformed General Council to bring the whole of Christendom into a new and scriptural unity .
his first prayer book was influenced by luther ; his second more by zwingli , in an [try] to make it acceptable to the continental churches and enable a reformed general council to bring the whole of christendom into a new and scriptural unity .

In addition to these sermons on the principal Holy Days of the Church , Andrewes preached before the King each year on the anniversary of the discovery of the Gunpowder Plot and on that of James 's escape whilst King of Scotland from an attempt to murder him by the Earl of Gowrie and his brother .
in addition to these sermons on the principal holy days of the church , andrewes preached before the king each year on the anniversary of the discovery of the gunpowder plot and on that of james 's escape whilst king of scotland from an [try] to murder him by the earl of gowrie and his brother .

Reversing his father 's peaceful foreign policies under Buckingham 's influence , Charles was soon engaged in an unsuccessful attempt to capture the Spanish treasure fleet and a humiliating failure to relieve the Huguenots at La Rochelle , who were in rebellion against the Roman Catholic government of France .
reversing his father 's peaceful foreign policies under buckingham 's influence , charles was soon engaged in an unsuccessful [try] to capture the spanish treasure fleet and a humiliating failure to relieve the huguenots at la rochelle , who were in rebellion against the roman catholic government of france .

Much of that research has , in turn , been inspired by an attempt , especially among American psychologists , to understand and predict ‘ giftedness ’ : as such , in seeking reasons for differences in creativity , their preference has naturally been to look for evidence of the latter 's association with excellence , superiority , and health rather than with maladjustment or psychological deviance .
much of that research has , in turn , been inspired by an [try] , especially among american psychologists , to understand and predict ‘ giftedness ’ : as such , in seeking reasons for differences in creativity , their preference has naturally been to look for evidence of the latter 's association with excellence , superiority , and health rather than with maladjustment or psychological deviance .

Usually this has been emphasised as an attempt to make a statement about which people in the population are most likely , given other interacting events , to develop psychotic illness ; in fact that is how we initially phrased the question here .
usually this has been emphasised as an [try] to make a statement about which people in the population are most likely , given other interacting events , to develop psychotic illness ; in fact that is how we initially phrased the question here .

Previously the official newspaper of the Central Committee of the Communist Party , it was closed on 24 August by President Boris Yeltsin who accused Pravda staff of supporting the recent coup attempt .
previously the official newspaper of the central committee of the communist party , it was closed on 24 august by president boris yeltsin who accused pravda staff of supporting the recent coup [try] .

This sketch is concerned only with the framework of the solid objects , no attempt is made to suggest blocks of light and shade as this would inhibit the application of paint to these pre-defined areas , denying the paint its freedom to run , bleed and react with the previously described qualities of the paper .
this sketch is concerned only with the framework of the solid objects , no [try] is made to suggest blocks of light and shade as this would inhibit the application of paint to these pre-defined areas , denying the paint its freedom to run , bleed and react with the previously described qualities of the paper .

In devising the programme an attempt was made to keep a good geographical spread of activity and to maintain expertise throughout the geological column and on all major rock types .
in devising the programme an [try] was made to keep a good geographical spread of activity and to maintain expertise throughout the geological column and on all major rock types .

As part of the project , offshore buried late-Glacial and Holocene peat deposits are being studied in an attempt to trace the retreat of the north European coastline from the central North Sea to its present position following the Flandrian rise in sea-level .
as part of the project , offshore buried late-glacial and holocene peat deposits are being studied in an [try] to trace the retreat of the north european coastline from the central north sea to its present position following the flandrian rise in sea-level .

As a contribution to the development of sources of geothermal energy , an attempt is being made to establish credible gas geothermometry for the East African Rift , for conventional models do not appear to be applicable .
as a contribution to the development of sources of geothermal energy , an [try] is being made to establish credible gas geothermometry for the east african rift , for conventional models do not appear to be applicable .

Wood 's attempt to clear a back pass fell at the feet of Norris , who sidefooted into the net .
wood 's [try] to clear a back pass fell at the feet of norris , who sidefooted into the net .

There were very few Black or gay workers involved in it , and no attempt was made to recruit new members .
there were very few black or gay workers involved in it , and no [try] was made to recruit new members .

If Dr Shakell Qureshi and Professor Michael Tynan discover her artery is too narrow , they will attempt to widen it with the metal tubes which will allow the blood to flow more easily into her lungs .
if dr shakell qureshi and professor michael tynan discover her artery is too narrow , they will [try] to widen it with the metal tubes which will allow the blood to flow more easily into her lungs .

Locks are improved in attempt to keep out unwanted visitors
locks are improved in [try] to keep out unwanted visitors

They plan to take their campaign to the House of Lords in an attempt to finally get some answers .
they plan to take their campaign to the house of lords in an [try] to finally get some answers .

Magistrates threw out his first attempt by refusing to issue a summons .
magistrates threw out his first [try] by refusing to issue a summons .

Father Morrow said he had acted ‘ in an attempt to prevent future comatose , disabled and elderly patients from sharing the fate of Tony Bland ’ .
father morrow said he had acted ‘ in an [try] to prevent future comatose , disabled and elderly patients from sharing the fate of tony bland ’ .

Mr Golding believed the parents had suffered enough and any attempt to prosecute the doctor should be dropped .
mr golding believed the parents had suffered enough and any [try] to prosecute the doctor should be dropped .

Rather , it seems preferable that , in making a general assessment of the quality of life of a particular old person , some attempt be made to examine the negative and positive aspects of the relationships which they presently experience .
rather , it seems preferable that , in making a general assessment of the quality of life of a particular old person , some [try] be made to examine the negative and positive aspects of the relationships which they presently experience .

Abrams argued that in place of traditional informal networks , one can observe the growth of ‘ neighbourhoodism ’ , which is ‘ an attempt by newcomers to create a local social world through political or quasi political action ’ .
abrams argued that in place of traditional informal networks , one can observe the growth of ‘ neighbourhoodism ’ , which is ‘ an [try] by newcomers to create a local social world through political or quasi political action ’ .

These illustrations are simply suggestive of the complexities which are likely to be involved when we attempt to understand patterns of ‘ tending ’ within families of different cultural background .
these illustrations are simply suggestive of the complexities which are likely to be involved when we [try] to understand patterns of ‘ tending ’ within families of different cultural background .

How far such practitioners attempt to facilitate a process in which these less consciously available feelings are related to present attitudes and behaviour must depend , firstly , on their confidence about the validity of such linkages , secondly on their conviction that this is useful , and thirdly on their having the necessary skills .
how far such practitioners [try] to facilitate a process in which these less consciously available feelings are related to present attitudes and behaviour must depend , firstly , on their confidence about the validity of such linkages , secondly on their conviction that this is useful , and thirdly on their having the necessary skills .

Investigating officers sifted through the debris of the workshops yesterday in an attempt to discover the cause of the fire but Detective Sergeant Andy Adams of Clacton police said : ‘ At this stage we are not able to say exactly how the fire started .
investigating officers sifted through the debris of the workshops yesterday in an [try] to discover the cause of the fire but detective sergeant andy adams of clacton police said : ‘ at this stage we are not able to say exactly how the fire started .

Voting last night was 123 to 108 , a majority of just 15 , rejecting an attempt to wreck provisions which would curb certain appeal rights against refusal of entry into Britain .
voting last night was 123 to 108 , a majority of just 15 , rejecting an [try] to wreck provisions which would curb certain appeal rights against refusal of entry into britain .

Woman punched in attempt to break-up fight
woman punched in [try] to break-up fight

Mr Lamont will be expected to respond by making a serious attempt to plug tax loopholes before he talks of increases in general taxation .
mr lamont will be expected to respond by making a serious [try] to plug tax loopholes before he talks of increases in general taxation .

Up to this time no genuine attempt had been made to acquire knowledge of our early inhabitants , no extensive plan for a generalisation of known excavations .
up to this time no genuine [try] had been made to acquire knowledge of our early inhabitants , no extensive plan for a generalisation of known excavations .

The Archaeology of Anglo-Saxon England ( Wilson 1976a ) was the first major attempt at synthesis since Leeds in 1913 , but its range was limited ignoring most of the early evidence , and there was very little discussion of method .
the archaeology of anglo-saxon england ( wilson 1976a ) was the first major [try] at synthesis since leeds in 1913 , but its range was limited ignoring most of the early evidence , and there was very little discussion of method .

Such coinage was issued by rulers and may be viewed both as a measure of their power and prestige as well as an attempt to extend their influence .
such coinage was issued by rulers and may be viewed both as a measure of their power and prestige as well as an [try] to extend their influence .

There have been no changes to the laws under which human rights violations are perpetrated and no attempt to introduce fundamental safeguards to prevent certain violations , such as the use of torture to extract confessions .
there have been no changes to the laws under which human rights violations are perpetrated and no [try] to introduce fundamental safeguards to prevent certain violations , such as the use of torture to extract confessions .

Luke made an attempt at levity .
luke made an [try] at levity .

Behind the external appearance of harshness and reserve lay sensitivity , suffering , even humour ; Wordsworth took some time to get to know , but those who dared to make the attempt were often agreeably surprised .
behind the external appearance of harshness and reserve lay sensitivity , suffering , even humour ; wordsworth took some time to get to know , but those who dared to make the [try] were often agreeably surprised .

He had made an attempt to overthrow the eighteenth-century system of materialism and this attempt , with Coleridge 's help , succeeded .
he had made an [try] to overthrow the eighteenth-century system of materialism and this [try] , with coleridge 's help , succeeded .

This method of narration allows the reader to take part in the initial experience , to share in the inquiry into its meaning from the start , and then to join in the subsequent dialogue with which Wordsworth engages ‘ the Mind out there ’ ( or the ‘ Wisdom and Spirit of the Universe ’ ) in his attempt to find a fuller explanation .
this method of narration allows the reader to take part in the initial experience , to share in the inquiry into its meaning from the start , and then to join in the subsequent dialogue with which wordsworth engages ‘ the mind out there ’ ( or the ‘ wisdom and spirit of the universe ’ ) in his [try] to find a fuller explanation .

At the national executive committee inquest , Roy Hattersley won nods of approval for his argument that an attempt to move towards Liberal Democrat policies , in the hope of winning over Liberal Democrat voters , was politically simplistic .
at the national executive committee inquest , roy hattersley won nods of approval for his argument that an [try] to move towards liberal democrat policies , in the hope of winning over liberal democrat voters , was politically simplistic .

Bill Clinton , writhing amid the dilemma that most of his election campaign has been an attempt to persuade the white middle class that he does most emphatically not speak for the poor or the coloured , announced , after much shilly-shallying , that ‘ We have refused to confront our differences … and for this neglect , we have all paid .
bill clinton , writhing amid the dilemma that most of his election campaign has been an [try] to persuade the white middle class that he does most emphatically not speak for the poor or the coloured , announced , after much shilly-shallying , that ‘ we have refused to confront our differences … and for this neglect , we have all paid .

Some early designs incorporated fin offset in an attempt to combat it , with varying success .
some early designs incorporated fin offset in an [try] to combat it , with varying success .

The whole subject of high speed forward flight will become of increased importance when you attempt to perform aerobatics , as described in Chapter 9 .
the whole subject of high speed forward flight will become of increased importance when you [try] to perform aerobatics , as described in chapter 9 .

It can then be turned back into wind for another attempt .
it can then be turned back into wind for another [try] .

Another reason is that , without such a freewheel , the tail rotor will continue to rotate at a normal speed and attempt to cancel out a torque effect which is no longer present .
another reason is that , without such a freewheel , the tail rotor will continue to rotate at a normal speed and [try] to cancel out a torque effect which is no longer present .

Your first attempt will be untidy and probably more like a barrel roll ( Fig. 9.2 ) , but do n't worry too much about that at this stage . If you get into trouble it will probably take one of the following forms :
your first [try] will be untidy and probably more like a barrel roll ( fig. 9.2 ) , but do n't worry too much about that at this stage . if you get into trouble it will probably take one of the following forms :

The other ingredient is the humble stall turn , which again is easy to do until you attempt to add lengthy periods of vertical climb or dive as required in contests .
the other ingredient is the humble stall turn , which again is easy to do until you [try] to add lengthy periods of vertical climb or dive as required in contests .

She drives the wretched boy Kit , who has a platonic devotion to her , to attempt suicide by persistently upsetting him with ambitions for a stage career , for which he has no vocation .
she drives the wretched boy kit , who has a platonic devotion to her , to [try] suicide by persistently upsetting him with ambitions for a stage career , for which he has no vocation .

We can attempt to force by maximising the infeasibility .
we can [try] to force by maximising the infeasibility .

Both these stories were widely seen as an attempt to ‘ shoe-in ’ Gordon Brown rather than Smith in the event of a leadership vacancy , although Brown , it must be said , had no part in them .
both these stories were widely seen as an [try] to ‘ shoe-in ’ gordon brown rather than smith in the event of a leadership vacancy , although brown , it must be said , had no part in them .

There is no doubt that the Serbian attempt to conquer 68 per cent of Bosnian territory is the immediate cause of the war .
there is no doubt that the serbian [try] to conquer 68 per cent of bosnian territory is the immediate cause of the war .

For example , The George Burns and Gracie Allen Show , which ran from 1950 to 1958 , made no attempt to construct bogus personas for the eponymous couple .
for example , the george burns and gracie allen show , which ran from 1950 to 1958 , made no [try] to construct bogus personas for the eponymous couple .

This manuscript , it emerges , has been placed in the hands of a Californian academic , Jonathan Pons , by the ‘ master of Latin American realism ’ , Valentin Sadaba , whose dismissal of it as possibly ‘ one more sad attempt by an Englishman to emulate the Latin storytellers ’ alerts us to its dubious status and authorship .
this manuscript , it emerges , has been placed in the hands of a californian academic , jonathan pons , by the ‘ master of latin american realism ’ , valentin sadaba , whose dismissal of it as possibly ‘ one more sad [try] by an englishman to emulate the latin storytellers ’ alerts us to its dubious status and authorship .

She seems a little slow off the mark when she asserts that the attempt to control drugs became ‘ a War only when crack emrged ’ .
she seems a little slow off the mark when she asserts that the [try] to control drugs became ‘ a war only when crack emrged ’ .

This triple-edged razor is probably put together by a bunch of names that we 're already familiar with and on a label strong enough to propel it into the club circus , but if it is n't it does n't matter ; there 's a future here if this is a first attempt .
this triple-edged razor is probably put together by a bunch of names that we 're already familiar with and on a label strong enough to propel it into the club circus , but if it is n't it does n't matter ; there 's a future here if this is a first [try] .

Sadly , during his attempt to secure a direct line or three from Ms Sigourney Weaver he failed to grasp some obvious points .
sadly , during his [try] to secure a direct line or three from ms sigourney weaver he failed to grasp some obvious points .

He said staff had to be aware of and attempt to neutralise the promotional tactics used to give the impression that health-care professionals endorse products , for example the provision of free pens , mugs and calendars with company logos .
he said staff had to be aware of and [try] to neutralise the promotional tactics used to give the impression that health-care professionals endorse products , for example the provision of free pens , mugs and calendars with company logos .

But Roger Kirby , a Consultant Urologist at St Bartholomew 's Hospital , is one of a group of urologists who earlier this year formed the British Prostate Group in an attempt to persuade the DoH to fund such a study .
but roger kirby , a consultant urologist at st bartholomew 's hospital , is one of a group of urologists who earlier this year formed the british prostate group in an [try] to persuade the doh to fund such a study .

We at St Bartholomew 's are currently carrying out two small studies in another attempt to persuade the DoH .
we at st bartholomew 's are currently carrying out two small studies in another [try] to persuade the doh .

Bingeing triggers behaviours which attempt to ‘ make good ’ the binge , such as vomiting and/or laxative abuse , followed by periods of food deprivation .
bingeing triggers behaviours which [try] to ‘ make good ’ the binge , such as vomiting and/or laxative abuse , followed by periods of food deprivation .

This is , however , a magnificent attempt to cover the subject in comprehensive detail , with the emphasis on the individual .
this is , however , a magnificent [try] to cover the subject in comprehensive detail , with the emphasis on the individual .

In an attempt to keep abreast of current changes in care provision and in order to provide effective health care , many nurses are involved in identifying , setting and monitoring standards .
in an [try] to keep abreast of current changes in care provision and in order to provide effective health care , many nurses are involved in identifying , setting and monitoring standards .

When we come across a victim then , we should never attempt to solve their problems for them , since this only reinforces the idea that they are helpless victims of circumstance , with no strengths and resources of their own ; it disempowers them still further .
when we come across a victim then , we should never [try] to solve their problems for them , since this only reinforces the idea that they are helpless victims of circumstance , with no strengths and resources of their own ; it disempowers them still further .

When you attempt to hold them back , you build them up like mountains .
when you [try] to hold them back , you build them up like mountains .

It is not anger that causes violence , but the attempt to block it !
it is not anger that causes violence , but the [try] to block it !

Steve Pyle greeted Laing with an attempt at his usual geniality .
steve pyle greeted laing with an [try] at his usual geniality .

He had slept little these past three and a half weeks , often waking of his own accord in the pre-dawn darkness and walking through to his personal study to attempt to concentrate on papers of state .
he had slept little these past three and a half weeks , often waking of his own accord in the pre-dawn darkness and walking through to his personal study to [try] to concentrate on papers of state .

Why had no attempt been made to arrest the kidnappers at the handover ?
why had no [try] been made to arrest the kidnappers at the handover ?

No concerted attempt was made to rectify this major perceived weakness relative to the Tories , although they have a far worse record on unemployment , taxation , interest rates , economic growth , balance of payments and government borrowing relative to national income ( taking into account privatisation proceeds ) than the last Labour government .
no concerted [try] was made to rectify this major perceived weakness relative to the tories , although they have a far worse record on unemployment , taxation , interest rates , economic growth , balance of payments and government borrowing relative to national income ( taking into account privatisation proceeds ) than the last labour government .

And the brutal honesty of his observations is sometimes lost in the attempt to make the words themselves beautiful .
and the brutal honesty of his observations is sometimes lost in the [try] to make the words themselves beautiful .

This verdict may be the last attempt of this generation to keep intact the myth of a unanimously resisting France , for it is now under review by the Court of Cassation .
this verdict may be the last [try] of this generation to keep intact the myth of a unanimously resisting france , for it is now under review by the court of cassation .

The attempt by the Court of Appeal to prevent Touvier from coming to trial may succeed but the verdict has led to an alarming rhetorical question posed in Le Monde : ‘ Should not these crimes be judged , not in the name of a single people but of the whole of humanity … and should it not be in Strasbourg , under European jurisdiction and not in Paris or Lyon that they be judged ? ’
the [try] by the court of appeal to prevent touvier from coming to trial may succeed but the verdict has led to an alarming rhetorical question posed in le monde : ‘ should not these crimes be judged , not in the name of a single people but of the whole of humanity … and should it not be in strasbourg , under european jurisdiction and not in paris or lyon that they be judged ? ’

Even more surprising is Glenny 's attempt to fudge the fundamental issues of the Balkan conflict .
even more surprising is glenny 's [try] to fudge the fundamental issues of the balkan conflict .

If art is an attempt to impose structure and meaning onto this chaos , there is no artefact more deliberately structured than the contemporary Hollywood movie , designed to prise money from the masses and reasssure them that good guys do n't necessarily finish last .
if art is an [try] to impose structure and meaning onto this chaos , there is no artefact more deliberately structured than the contemporary hollywood movie , designed to prise money from the masses and reasssure them that good guys do n't necessarily finish last .

While advocating the Work Society , Handy is enough of a realist to suggest that the most likely outcome , if his assumption turns out to be correct , is some kind of muddled compromise between all four possibilities , with considerable unemployment , some measure of a divide between the haves in work and the ‘ leisured ’ have-lesses without jobs , some attempt at the maintenance of full employment as a policy goal , and an increase in the amount of ‘ work ’ done on a ‘ voluntary ’ basis .
while advocating the work society , handy is enough of a realist to suggest that the most likely outcome , if his assumption turns out to be correct , is some kind of muddled compromise between all four possibilities , with considerable unemployment , some measure of a divide between the haves in work and the ‘ leisured ’ have-lesses without jobs , some [try] at the maintenance of full employment as a policy goal , and an increase in the amount of ‘ work ’ done on a ‘ voluntary ’ basis .

One is to attempt to devise more sophisticated questions about how workers are experiencing their work , and to give relatively more weight to comparative data : for example , differences in reported levels of satisfaction before and after the introduction of new technology , or between two samples of workers operating different technologies where other factors are constant .
one is to [try] to devise more sophisticated questions about how workers are experiencing their work , and to give relatively more weight to comparative data : for example , differences in reported levels of satisfaction before and after the introduction of new technology , or between two samples of workers operating different technologies where other factors are constant .

This form of work organisation , an attempt to reintroduce responsibility , autonomy , and the client ‘ contractor element to the management ’ worker relationship , had the following four aspects :
this form of work organisation , an [try] to reintroduce responsibility , autonomy , and the client ‘ contractor element to the management ’ worker relationship , had the following four aspects :

The programme began in 1973 as an attempt to incorporate the most recent findings about job design into the work organisation , and with the intention of improving the quality of work life .
the programme began in 1973 as an [try] to incorporate the most recent findings about job design into the work organisation , and with the intention of improving the quality of work life .

If the piece-rate was raised in an attempt to persuade the workers to produce more output , exactly the opposite effect was obtained as individuals would only produce the ( lower ) quantity required to meet their cash target .
if the piece-rate was raised in an [try] to persuade the workers to produce more output , exactly the opposite effect was obtained as individuals would only produce the ( lower ) quantity required to meet their cash target .

If piece-rates were lowered in an attempt to boost output then presumably workers would take other jobs , or would switch to another merchant .
if piece-rates were lowered in an [try] to boost output then presumably workers would take other jobs , or would switch to another merchant .

We attempt to do this in the next chapter , but before embarking on this task we must note some of the criticisms which have been made about the Braverman thesis and its implications .
we [try] to do this in the next chapter , but before embarking on this task we must note some of the criticisms which have been made about the braverman thesis and its implications .

Perhaps the most well-known experiment in work organisation is the Volvo car assembly plant at Kalmar in Sweden where the company has made some attempt to break away from the traditional mass-production assembly line .
perhaps the most well-known experiment in work organisation is the volvo car assembly plant at kalmar in sweden where the company has made some [try] to break away from the traditional mass-production assembly line .

The plant comprises a series of four interlocking six-sided buildings designed to provide each work group with its own entrance , changing room , coffee room , and assembly area in an attempt to create a series of small workshops for each of the work groups and ‘ to promote team spirit ’ ( Company brochure ) .
the plant comprises a series of four interlocking six-sided buildings designed to provide each work group with its own entrance , changing room , coffee room , and assembly area in an [try] to create a series of small workshops for each of the work groups and ‘ to promote team spirit ’ ( company brochure ) .

In a short statement Mr Lang rejected Orkney Islands Council 's attempt to sack her .
in a short statement mr lang rejected orkney islands council 's [try] to sack her .

At around the same time , Orkney Islands Council officials made their first attempt to remove the Reporter to Orkney 's Children 's Panel , Mrs Katherine Kemp , from office .
at around the same time , orkney islands council officials made their first [try] to remove the reporter to orkney 's children 's panel , mrs katherine kemp , from office .

Kenneth is still poring over his books , looking for a cure , and is probably in the garden shed at this very moment , brewing rhubarb leaves and goat manure in an attempt to find one .
kenneth is still poring over his books , looking for a cure , and is probably in the garden shed at this very moment , brewing rhubarb leaves and goat manure in an [try] to find one .

Any exertion would result in long coughing bouts and Mother never complained about the hours of sleep lost each night as she ran up and down stairs with bowls of steaming inhalants , aspirators and balsams in an attempt to ease his suffocating agony .
any exertion would result in long coughing bouts and mother never complained about the hours of sleep lost each night as she ran up and down stairs with bowls of steaming inhalants , aspirators and balsams in an [try] to ease his suffocating agony .

This fat book is a worthy attempt not only to educate the electorate but to inform candidates of all parties and of none ; they is even some entertainment offered in the shape of ‘ essays ’ by Guardian scribblers such as Hugo Young , Andrew Rawnsley and David McKie .
this fat book is a worthy [try] not only to educate the electorate but to inform candidates of all parties and of none ; they is even some entertainment offered in the shape of ‘ essays ’ by guardian scribblers such as hugo young , andrew rawnsley and david mckie .

Often , ill or retarded babies were thought to be changelings and were miserably tortured in an attempt to force them to revert to fairy form .
often , ill or retarded babies were thought to be changelings and were miserably tortured in an [try] to force them to revert to fairy form .

The Devil promptly granted his wish , and encouraged Dando and his dogs to terrorise the countryside in an attempt to snare other foolhardy souls .
the devil promptly granted his wish , and encouraged dando and his dogs to terrorise the countryside in an [try] to snare other foolhardy souls .

Although Gilgamesh failed in his attempt to be a true god , the other gods took pity on his situation and appeared to comfort him with the news that he would live honoured forever as a shadow in the Underworld .
although gilgamesh failed in his [try] to be a true god , the other gods took pity on his situation and appeared to comfort him with the news that he would live honoured forever as a shadow in the underworld .

The early settlers brought vines to Madeira and , according to tradition , Prince Henry the Navigator introduced the superior vine , Malvasia candida , into the island from Crete in an attempt to capture the trade in sweet wines from the Genoese and Venetians .
the early settlers brought vines to madeira and , according to tradition , prince henry the navigator introduced the superior vine , malvasia candida , into the island from crete in an [try] to capture the trade in sweet wines from the genoese and venetians .

In the last few years , cars have been banned from parking in the central areas , and seats and plants have appeared in an attempt to return to tradition .
in the last few years , cars have been banned from parking in the central areas , and seats and plants have appeared in an [try] to return to tradition .

We ended up alienating one group of potential Labour voters by appearing to cap their aspirations , while failing to appeal to another group who were not impressed by our attempt to offer them greater benefits .
we ended up alienating one group of potential labour voters by appearing to cap their aspirations , while failing to appeal to another group who were not impressed by our [try] to offer them greater benefits .

While Solomon is posing as a German soldier , for example , he makes a botched attempt to surrender to the Russians that results in his inadvertently capturing their position — but the irony is passed over in so offhand a fashion that one barely notices it .
while solomon is posing as a german soldier , for example , he makes a botched [try] to surrender to the russians that results in his inadvertently capturing their position — but the irony is passed over in so offhand a fashion that one barely notices it .

More effective , perhaps , in his war against ignorance and prejudice are the depressing statistics he cites of gay abuse and assault , including the chilling revelation that 19 per cent of gay teenagers attempt suicide .
more effective , perhaps , in his war against ignorance and prejudice are the depressing statistics he cites of gay abuse and assault , including the chilling revelation that 19 per cent of gay teenagers [try] suicide .

This sounds like an attempt to second-guess market opinion , as impossible as the attempt to guess the outcome of a beauty contest .
this sounds like an [try] to second-guess market opinion , as impossible as the [try] to guess the outcome of a beauty contest .

Sudjic 's point is that it exists , and any attempt to plan , ameliorate or build in it has to grasp this fact .
sudjic 's point is that it exists , and any [try] to plan , ameliorate or build in it has to grasp this fact .

There are so many machines , and so many good books , to deal with the subject that it would be foolhardy to attempt any detailed sewing instructions here .
there are so many machines , and so many good books , to deal with the subject that it would be foolhardy to [try] any detailed sewing instructions here .

At times Levitation attempt to musically shock but it rarely works , ‘ Squirrel ’ has a weird keyboard break which fits in as much as George Bush would at a peace benefit punk gig , but at least they try to bemuse .
at times levitation [try] to musically shock but it rarely works , ‘ squirrel ’ has a weird keyboard break which fits in as much as george bush would at a peace benefit punk gig , but at least they try to bemuse .

Lily 's sour resentment was easier to manage than her blood cousin 's attempt to presume and profit by their distant relationship .
lily 's sour resentment was easier to manage than her blood cousin 's [try] to presume and profit by their distant relationship .

How to attempt this ?
how to [try] this ?

So either he would be confident enough to set out westwards again with nearly three times that number ; or else he might attempt a sortie against them .
so either he would be confident enough to set out westwards again with nearly three times that number ; or else he might [try] a sortie against them .

It was decided to make the raid on Annan Castle the following night ; and the messenger was sent back to inform his fellow-supporters of the attempt , in strictest secrecy .
it was decided to make the raid on annan castle the following night ; and the messenger was sent back to inform his fellow-supporters of the [try] , in strictest secrecy .

But they could not all go , for if the attempt failed , there must be those left to command the main army .
but they could not all go , for if the [try] failed , there must be those left to command the main army .

Although in theory under the personal command of the new Regent , in fact Will Douglas led , grumbling at having to carry so many lofty ones along when what was needed for this attempt was the toughest of mosstroopers .
although in theory under the personal command of the new regent , in fact will douglas led , grumbling at having to carry so many lofty ones along when what was needed for this [try] was the toughest of mosstroopers .

These , under the Steward and Moray , were not to attempt ingress until they received a signal from the front party .
these , under the steward and moray , were not to [try] ingress until they received a signal from the front party .

Later , with the gaps in the outer ditches filled up again , a second and similar attempt was made , with the same results .
later , with the gaps in the outer ditches filled up again , a second and similar [try] was made , with the same results .

Arrows , crossbow-bolts and throwing-spears flew , but the enemy were much the more vulnerable , and the attempt failed .
arrows , crossbow-bolts and throwing-spears flew , but the enemy were much the more vulnerable , and the [try] failed .

They might have been supplied by sea , but the English had more ships than that first fleet driven off , and presently many vessels appeared at the mouth of Tweed , not to attempt attack this time but to patrol up and down , blockading the harbour .
they might have been supplied by sea , but the english had more ships than that first fleet driven off , and presently many vessels appeared at the mouth of tweed , not to [try] attack this time but to patrol up and down , blockading the harbour .

Before darkness fell , and the attempt could be made , Edward 's heralds came back for their answer .
before darkness fell , and the [try] could be made , edward 's heralds came back for their answer .

Beacons were kept ablaze along the walls protecting the harbour and adjacent coastline in case of any infiltration attempt by boat , from the English ships out there for instance ; but so far nothing such appeared to have been attempted .
beacons were kept ablaze along the walls protecting the harbour and adjacent coastline in case of any infiltration [try] by boat , from the english ships out there for instance ; but so far nothing such appeared to have been attempted .

Before they left , they heard the Regent declaring that if Edward Plantagenet sat tight and did not attempt any attack across Tweed , then he might lead the Scots force raiding deep into Northumberland , even as far as Bamborough where Edward 's young Queen was known to be installed .
before they left , they heard the regent declaring that if edward plantagenet sat tight and did not [try] any attack across tweed , then he might lead the scots force raiding deep into northumberland , even as far as bamborough where edward 's young queen was known to be installed .

No relief attempt was in evidence .
no relief [try] was in evidence .

An office was opened in Nairobi in an attempt to sell advertising time to commercial companies operating from there , and a London representative was later appointed for the same purpose .
an office was opened in nairobi in an [try] to sell advertising time to commercial companies operating from there , and a london representative was later appointed for the same purpose .

The criteria for allocation had been devised in an attempt to find a balance between having too many languages to do justice to any of them in limited broadcasting hours and discovering which languages were comprehensible to the largest number .
the criteria for allocation had been devised in an [try] to find a balance between having too many languages to do justice to any of them in limited broadcasting hours and discovering which languages were comprehensible to the largest number .

The Sunday News , sister paper to the Standard , quoted the Government as saying that it welcomed criticism but would crush any attempt to change government by unconstitutional means .
the sunday news , sister paper to the standard , quoted the government as saying that it welcomed criticism but would crush any [try] to change government by unconstitutional means .

News media which claim to be non-partisan attempt to discover the ‘ middle ground ’ and to maintain a balance between the different sides in political arguments .
news media which claim to be non-partisan [try] to discover the ‘ middle ground ’ and to maintain a balance between the different sides in political arguments .

The fact that each of these parts has such a clearly identifiable root is in no sense an attempt to belittle the originality of Marx 's contribution .
the fact that each of these parts has such a clearly identifiable root is in no sense an [try] to belittle the originality of marx 's contribution .

Of these the most important is the philosophy of history — the attempt to explain the human predicament and place the present in the context of past and future .
of these the most important is the philosophy of history — the [try] to explain the human predicament and place the present in the context of past and future .

Dialectic reasoning was an attempt to arrive at truth by exploring the contradictions in an argument .
dialectic reasoning was an [try] to arrive at truth by exploring the contradictions in an argument .

First , that any attempt to implement a Marxist economic programme even on a relatively modest scale in a country which still has a large degree of freedom is doomed to catastrophe .
first , that any [try] to implement a marxist economic programme even on a relatively modest scale in a country which still has a large degree of freedom is doomed to catastrophe .

But to attempt to implement such principles in society as a whole will be disastrous unless people are seriously interested in material reward .
but to [try] to implement such principles in society as a whole will be disastrous unless people are seriously interested in material reward .

How do we attempt to deduce some general guidelines from his history and teaching which are of relevance for us today ?
how do we [try] to deduce some general guidelines from his history and teaching which are of relevance for us today ?

At the same time , the rules which guided fiscal and monetary policy in Gladstonian Britain have been abandoned in favour of activist and discretionary policies in which governments attempt to manipulate total spending to provide full employment , prosperity and stability .
at the same time , the rules which guided fiscal and monetary policy in gladstonian britain have been abandoned in favour of activist and discretionary policies in which governments [try] to manipulate total spending to provide full employment , prosperity and stability .

However , in judging the framework of the modern corporation as an attempt to balance the interests , rights and responsibilities of all concerned it is important to take account of the welter of legislation , since the introduction of limited liability , which protects the interests of employees , consumers , suppliers and creditors .
however , in judging the framework of the modern corporation as an [try] to balance the interests , rights and responsibilities of all concerned it is important to take account of the welter of legislation , since the introduction of limited liability , which protects the interests of employees , consumers , suppliers and creditors .

The history of company legislation over the past century can only be understood if it is seen as an attempt to rectify the imbalance and injustice resulting from the creation of limited liability in the mid-nineteenth century .
the history of company legislation over the past century can only be understood if it is seen as an [try] to rectify the imbalance and injustice resulting from the creation of limited liability in the mid-nineteenth century .

The plaintiff must attempt to minimize the loss arising from the breach , referred to as a ‘ duty to mitigate your loss ’ .
the plaintiff must [try] to minimize the loss arising from the breach , referred to as a ‘ duty to mitigate your loss ’ .

In an attempt to learn as much as possible from the capsize of the Herald of Free Enterprise the Treasury Solicitor has asked questions which should help to prevent a similar disaster ever recurring .
in an [try] to learn as much as possible from the capsize of the herald of free enterprise the treasury solicitor has asked questions which should help to prevent a similar disaster ever recurring .

No attempt should be made to restrict an employee 's future place of work by inserting a restraint-of-trade clause in the contract of employment .
no [try] should be made to restrict an employee 's future place of work by inserting a restraint-of-trade clause in the contract of employment .

The company also offered to provide £30,000 towards the construction of a Sports and Social Centre , primarily for the mine employees , but also to be used by the people of Loughrea … Finally , the company donated part of a site which it owned on the shores of Loughrea Lake , to the town of Loughrea … These various factors combined to ensure that the local elite ( even if they were capable of considering it ) would not attempt to kill the goose ‘ that laid the golden eggs ’ .
the company also offered to provide £30,000 towards the construction of a sports and social centre , primarily for the mine employees , but also to be used by the people of loughrea … finally , the company donated part of a site which it owned on the shores of loughrea lake , to the town of loughrea … these various factors combined to ensure that the local elite ( even if they were capable of considering it ) would not [try] to kill the goose ‘ that laid the golden eggs ’ .

Mining company employees made no attempt to inform local residents of what they were prospecting for .
mining company employees made no [try] to inform local residents of what they were prospecting for .

Any attempt by the mining company to undertake operations seems certain to run into strong opposition .
any [try] by the mining company to undertake operations seems certain to run into strong opposition .

In the event of any attempt to commence dumping we will recommend that the parents withdraw their children from the National Schools of Shanbally and Ringaskiddy , in view of the proximity of these schools to the site ;
in the event of any [try] to commence dumping we will recommend that the parents withdraw their children from the national schools of shanbally and ringaskiddy , in view of the proximity of these schools to the site ;

This is not an attempt to stop production at the factory ’ .
this is not an [try] to stop production at the factory ’ .

By May 1979 , when Raybestos made its first attempt to dump at Barnahely , the site was blocked by residents and the compromise had apparently failed .
by may 1979 , when raybestos made its first [try] to dump at barnahely , the site was blocked by residents and the compromise had apparently failed .

On Monday 15 May , however , Raybestos ' second attempt was successful when 25 gardai brutally forced a way through a human barrier of women and children to allow Raybestos 's waste onto the site .
on monday 15 may , however , raybestos ' second [try] was successful when 25 gardai brutally forced a way through a human barrier of women and children to allow raybestos 's waste onto the site .

Although no one spoke of it , not a soul in the hall failed to be aware that Paul Arkwright , possessing one of the most brilliant minds of the century , had died in a mental asylum after having , many years ago now , made an attempt on his own life .
although no one spoke of it , not a soul in the hall failed to be aware that paul arkwright , possessing one of the most brilliant minds of the century , had died in a mental asylum after having , many years ago now , made an [try] on his own life .

It had been careless ; he had been too much aware , at this last attempt , of outward things , the rhythmical creaking of the bed , the flickering of the fire .
it had been careless ; he had been too much aware , at this last [try] , of outward things , the rhythmical creaking of the bed , the flickering of the fire .

He should not be allowed to remain at large , particularly after this attempt to end his life .
he should not be allowed to remain at large , particularly after this [try] to end his life .

Mystics are aware that their experience can never be explained in rational terms and insist that it is unhelpful and can even be dangerous to attempt to define the ultimate reality in terms of reason and logic .
mystics are aware that their experience can never be explained in rational terms and insist that it is unhelpful and can even be dangerous to [try] to define the ultimate reality in terms of reason and logic .

In their writings we also see the first attempt to express the reality of the mystical life in the English language .
in their writings we also see the first [try] to express the reality of the mystical life in the english language .

The Cloud of Unknowing and Walter Hilton 's The Ladder of Perfection were both manual for novices in their mystical life and attempt to trace a coherent path through the nebulous and tortuous complexities of the inner man .
the cloud of unknowing and walter hilton 's the ladder of perfection were both manual for novices in their mystical life and [try] to trace a coherent path through the nebulous and tortuous complexities of the inner man .

Like art , religion is an imaginative and creative attempt to find a meaning and value in human life .
like art , religion is an imaginative and creative [try] to find a meaning and value in human life .

Mysticism is a particularly interesting example of the attempt to interpret the faith in a new way and which discovers a new richness that was there in embryo waiting to be developed .
mysticism is a particularly interesting example of the [try] to interpret the faith in a new way and which discovers a new richness that was there in embryo waiting to be developed .

The various reform movements of the sixteenth century were another attempt to adapt the Christian vision .
the various reform movements of the sixteenth century were another [try] to adapt the christian vision .

His treatise was an attempt to argue that , despite what his critics said , this kind of religious experience was not only valid but a sign of God 's special favour .
his treatise was an [try] to argue that , despite what his critics said , this kind of religious experience was not only valid but a sign of god 's special favour .

It was an attempt to cultivate an attitude of mind that recognised that this intelligence — however glorious — had its limitations when it was confronted with the ineffable and ultimate reality .
it was an [try] to cultivate an attitude of mind that recognised that this intelligence — however glorious — had its limitations when it was confronted with the ineffable and ultimate reality .

The author makes no attempt to form a comprehensive view of the spiritual life , as Walter Hilton would attempt in The Ladder of Perfection .
the author makes no [try] to form a comprehensive view of the spiritual life , as walter hilton would [try] in the ladder of perfection .

It is an attempt to conform to a divine reality and standard that the soul can not ‘ see ’ at this early stage but which she has to take on faith .
it is an [try] to conform to a divine reality and standard that the soul can not ‘ see ’ at this early stage but which she has to take on faith .

They were engaged in a creative and demanding attempt to revise the religion of their day and transform it from within .
they were engaged in a creative and demanding [try] to revise the religion of their day and transform it from within .

At that the father gives up his attempt to take an active role , humbles himself , but repeats his grief in his apology :
at that the father gives up his [try] to take an active role , humbles himself , but repeats his grief in his apology :

One can see Tolkien 's attempt to extend that tradition in the hobbit-poems scattered through The Lord of the Rings — or to be more accurate , in the new hobbit-poems .
one can see tolkien 's [try] to extend that tradition in the hobbit-poems scattered through the lord of the rings — or to be more accurate , in the new hobbit-poems .

The ultimate source for much that has been discussed must certainly be Pearl , with its story of the ( failed ) escape from mortality , its heavily traditional phrasing , and its fantastically complex metrical scheme , of twelve-line cross-rhymed stanzas with alliteration , assonance , syntax-variation and ( even Tolkien did not attempt this ) stanza-linking and refrains.ii However the Pearl tradition did not last till Shakespeare and Milton and the Romantics , who are accordingly and to that extent impoverished .
the ultimate source for much that has been discussed must certainly be pearl , with its story of the ( failed ) escape from mortality , its heavily traditional phrasing , and its fantastically complex metrical scheme , of twelve-line cross-rhymed stanzas with alliteration , assonance , syntax-variation and ( even tolkien did not [try] this ) stanza-linking and refrains.ii however the pearl tradition did not last till shakespeare and milton and the romantics , who are accordingly and to that extent impoverished .

It would not have occurred to him to attempt forgetfulness by inhibiting memories of Ecalpemos .
it would not have occurred to him to [try] forgetfulness by inhibiting memories of ecalpemos .

More practically , he consulted solicitors of his own in an attempt to have the will disputed .
more practically , he consulted solicitors of his own in an [try] to have the will disputed .

For them it was enough that 1 , a Westerner from a God-forgotten , immoral country , believed and made some attempt to practise .
for them it was enough that 1 , a westerner from a god-forgotten , immoral country , believed and made some [try] to practise .

Only Dottridge Brothers and Ingall , Parsons & Clive made any attempt at competing with the individual concerns .
only dottridge brothers and ingall , parsons & clive made any [try] at competing with the individual concerns .

However , in the 1890s an attempt was made by the trade to introduce arterial embalming as practised in the United States , the leading campaigners for this being the funeral furnishing firm of Dottridge Brothers .
however , in the 1890s an [try] was made by the trade to introduce arterial embalming as practised in the united states , the leading campaigners for this being the funeral furnishing firm of dottridge brothers .

In the Rohan Hours , produced for Yolande of Aragon between c.1418–25 and now in the Bibliothèque Nationale , Paris , the shroud is shown as a loose sheet , almost as if the dead man had been lifted from his bed and placed into his coffin ; no attempt has been made to mould the cloth about the body or to position the limbs .
in the rohan hours , produced for yolande of aragon between c.1418–25 and now in the bibliothèque nationale , paris , the shroud is shown as a loose sheet , almost as if the dead man had been lifted from his bed and placed into his coffin ; no [try] has been made to mould the cloth about the body or to position the limbs .

Having completed the fixing of a winding-sheet to a young oak , they proceed to tear the tree in two — an attempt to destroy the Tree of Life .
having completed the fixing of a winding-sheet to a young oak , they proceed to tear the tree in two — an [try] to destroy the tree of life .

Veneers appear in the 1880s although an eighteenth-century example was discovered during the 1983–4 excavations at St Augustine-the-Less , Bristol , but this might have been no more than an attempt on the part of the coffin-maker to mask some splits at the shoulder caused by over-zealous saw-cuts when kerfing .
veneers appear in the 1880s although an eighteenth-century example was discovered during the 1983–4 excavations at st augustine-the-less , bristol , but this might have been no more than an [try] on the part of the coffin-maker to mask some splits at the shoulder caused by over-zealous saw-cuts when kerfing .

Whilst some attempt has been made to define both stomach and breasts , the hands are wanting .
whilst some [try] has been made to define both stomach and breasts , the hands are wanting .

Mum made a half-hearted attempt to calm her daughter down , but Mary shrugged her off and continued sobbing bitterly .
mum made a half-hearted [try] to calm her daughter down , but mary shrugged her off and continued sobbing bitterly .

If you are actively trying to lose weight , you should attempt to keep your daily intake down to 1,000–1,200 calories .
if you are actively trying to lose weight , you should [try] to keep your daily intake down to 1,000–1,200 calories .

Before you attempt the programme , check the reminders so that you can get the maximum possible results .
before you [try] the programme , check the reminders so that you can get the maximum possible results .

Before you attempt some — if not all — of these exercises , you must warm-up first with ‘ The Daily Dozen ’ .
before you [try] some — if not all — of these exercises , you must warm-up first with ‘ the daily dozen ’ .

Turn to your right side and attempt to touch the floor with your elbow , and then turn and try your left .
turn to your right side and [try] to touch the floor with your elbow , and then turn and try your left .

Once you can achieve all these exercises with several repetitions and with absolutely no discomfort , then attempt the tummy strengtheners and flatteners .
once you can achieve all these exercises with several repetitions and with absolutely no discomfort , then [try] the tummy strengtheners and flatteners .

Attempt each exercise a minimum of 4 times to begin with .
[try] each exercise a minimum of 4 times to begin with .

The earlier attempt to discredit the police had not succeeded , although the way the police treated the public was by no means satisfactory .
the earlier [try] to discredit the police had not succeeded , although the way the police treated the public was by no means satisfactory .

The best way to begin is to attempt an actual case study .
the best way to begin is to [try] an actual case study .

They are operated independently , but some attempt has been made to standardize menus , develop common staff training schemes , install similar equipment and make bulk purchasing arrangements .
they are operated independently , but some [try] has been made to standardize menus , develop common staff training schemes , install similar equipment and make bulk purchasing arrangements .

You will have to read through these to discover whether the attempt is ultimately successful or not .
you will have to read through these to discover whether the [try] is ultimately successful or not .

In contrast to the other emerging national brewers , Whitbread initially did not attempt to take over smaller firms , but rather to take minority shareholdings ( 15–30 per cent ) and conclude arrangements whereby the local firm bottled and sold Whitbread 's brands .
in contrast to the other emerging national brewers , whitbread initially did not [try] to take over smaller firms , but rather to take minority shareholdings ( 15–30 per cent ) and conclude arrangements whereby the local firm bottled and sold whitbread 's brands .

We would also suggest an attempt to conciliate Fred by returning the responsibility for special functions to him .
we would also suggest an [try] to conciliate fred by returning the responsibility for special functions to him .

From this side of the Atlantic , the pointless remake of Wuthering Heights looks like a deliberate attempt to finish off British film ( crap dialogue , laughable Barnsley-by-the-Seine accent from Juliette Binoche and Sinéad O'Connor as Emily Brönte ) .
from this side of the atlantic , the pointless remake of wuthering heights looks like a deliberate [try] to finish off british film ( crap dialogue , laughable barnsley-by-the-seine accent from juliette binoche and sinéad o'connor as emily brönte ) .

In the continuing attempt to out-Mario Mario , Sega has now given Sonic a sidekick , Tails the fox .
in the continuing [try] to out-mario mario , sega has now given sonic a sidekick , tails the fox .

The album is a self-conscious attempt to translate tribal shamanism into a rhythmic faith for the Nineties dance culture .
the album is a self-conscious [try] to translate tribal shamanism into a rhythmic faith for the nineties dance culture .

And that does n't mean that Raw Stylus just stick a rap on their records in an attempt to gain club credibility and pander to the ( already much-maligned ) jazz rap tag .
and that does n't mean that raw stylus just stick a rap on their records in an [try] to gain club credibility and pander to the ( already much-maligned ) jazz rap tag .

Things like Doc Martens and Air Jordans are included in the cabinets — unfortunately , this is not so much an attempt to give genuine examples of successful design , more a sign of the current infatuation with popular culture .
things like doc martens and air jordans are included in the cabinets — unfortunately , this is not so much an [try] to give genuine examples of successful design , more a sign of the current infatuation with popular culture .

Three partygoers then stormed the police car in an attempt to free Willis and the other man .
three partygoers then stormed the police car in an [try] to free willis and the other man .

In my opinion , these charges are an attempt to retaliate for Mr Macchio having filed his own action to terminate their professional relationship .
in my opinion , these charges are an [try] to retaliate for mr macchio having filed his own action to terminate their professional relationship .

In an attempt to quieten things down , executive producer George Harrison arranged for a press conference in London .
in an [try] to quieten things down , executive producer george harrison arranged for a press conference in london .

In an attempt to out-Flynn Errol Flynn , he was seen at a party drunkenly trying to make love to one young girl after another .
in an [try] to out-flynn errol flynn , he was seen at a party drunkenly trying to make love to one young girl after another .

Edna enlarged upon how well Karen had done at college , how , although she was the youngest in her family , she was always being called upon whenever she was at home to help out with other people 's children , how she had passed her driving test at the first attempt .
edna enlarged upon how well karen had done at college , how , although she was the youngest in her family , she was always being called upon whenever she was at home to help out with other people 's children , how she had passed her driving test at the first [try] .

Mostly , she remained an invalid , irritable , on edge and defensive , becoming panic-stricken if the slightest attempt was made to get her away from the house .
mostly , she remained an invalid , irritable , on edge and defensive , becoming panic-stricken if the slightest [try] was made to get her away from the house .

Celia came back to them , made an attempt to gain their attention , failed , and trotted off again .
celia came back to them , made an [try] to gain their attention , failed , and trotted off again .

Brian refilled their glasses and this time Edna made no attempt to stop him .
brian refilled their glasses and this time edna made no [try] to stop him .

When he gently pushed her backwards and began undoing the buttons of her dress and cupped a hand over one of her small breasts she made no attempt to resist .
when he gently pushed her backwards and began undoing the buttons of her dress and cupped a hand over one of her small breasts she made no [try] to resist .

’ Manville made no attempt at denial .
’ manville made no [try] at denial .

To attempt defection would be to sign their death warrants , and no man could be expected to do that .
to [try] defection would be to sign their death warrants , and no man could be expected to do that .

Do not attempt to contact me .
do not [try] to contact me .

It ensured that no trigger-happy missile controller would fail to observe the safety precautions and attempt a little target practice .
it ensured that no trigger-happy missile controller would fail to observe the safety precautions and [try] a little target practice .

Vologsky did not attempt to deny it .
vologsky did not [try] to deny it .

Failure to bring about the defection would mean certain imprisonment , possibly death , for if he did not bring matters to a successful conclusion , Manville and his colleagues would not make the slightest attempt to help him .
failure to bring about the defection would mean certain imprisonment , possibly death , for if he did not bring matters to a successful conclusion , manville and his colleagues would not make the slightest [try] to help him .

An attempt to lull him into a false sense of security .
an [try] to lull him into a false sense of security .

As the wife of the civic leader , Mrs Murphy had to do considerable entertaining in generous western style , but in this field she made no attempt to keep pace with Olga Stych or Donna Frizzell ; she knew when she was beaten .
as the wife of the civic leader , mrs murphy had to do considerable entertaining in generous western style , but in this field she made no [try] to keep pace with olga stych or donna frizzell ; she knew when she was beaten .

‘ How 's school ? ’ asked his father , in a sudden valiant attempt to re-establish the frail line of communication .
‘ how 's school ? ’ asked his father , in a sudden valiant [try] to re-establish the frail line of communication .

Hank had made no attempt to defend himself .
hank had made no [try] to defend himself .

While the Unix vendors got together last week for yet another attempt at unifying their offerings , Novell Inc , the new owner of Unix technology , is convinced that things must go a lot further yet .
while the unix vendors got together last week for yet another [try] at unifying their offerings , novell inc , the new owner of unix technology , is convinced that things must go a lot further yet .

Novell , Lotus and WordPerfect are working together to offer software to computer companies in an attempt to stem the flow of cash heading Microsoft 's way .
novell , lotus and wordperfect are working together to offer software to computer companies in an [try] to stem the flow of cash heading microsoft 's way .

Within the community they made no attempt to ape the gentry , were accorded no special title , and yet enjoyed ‘ a certeine preheminence , and more estimation than labourers & the common sort of artificers ’ .
within the community they made no [try] to ape the gentry , were accorded no special title , and yet enjoyed ‘ a certeine preheminence , and more estimation than labourers & the common sort of artificers ’ .

Yet since the facts have to be assembled from statutes passed at different dates without any discernible attempt at harmonisation , it is not easy to formulate an exact statement .
yet since the facts have to be assembled from statutes passed at different dates without any discernible [try] at harmonisation , it is not easy to formulate an exact statement .

However , a characteristic of the Worcestershire record is the attempt in some cases to estimate the value of a lease to the tenant .
however , a characteristic of the worcestershire record is the [try] in some cases to estimate the value of a lease to the tenant .

Japan 's quixotic Fifth Generation Computer Systems project is being replaced this fall by a $800m Real World Computing project that will explore massively parallel processing , optical and neural computing and soft logic in an attempt to create a concept or architecture that distributes data as it is in the brain .
japan 's quixotic fifth generation computer systems project is being replaced this fall by a $800m real world computing project that will explore massively parallel processing , optical and neural computing and soft logic in an [try] to create a concept or architecture that distributes data as it is in the brain .

Even the formulation of a dualistic class division , Laclau and Mouffe have argued persuasively , is itself nothing less than a nostalgic attempt to recreate for the nineteenth century the imagined simplicity of the conditions of the aristocracy/bourgeoisie conflict of the French Revolution which had originally inspired Hegel .
even the formulation of a dualistic class division , laclau and mouffe have argued persuasively , is itself nothing less than a nostalgic [try] to recreate for the nineteenth century the imagined simplicity of the conditions of the aristocracy/bourgeoisie conflict of the french revolution which had originally inspired hegel .

In his influential Le Même et l'autre Vincent Descombes has described the entire history of twentieth-century philosophy in France as a succession of moves which attempt to get out of this Hegelian dialectic : the recent phenomenon of poststructuralism is part of a long philosophical story and distinguished only by what appears to be a certain success , or at least an avoidance of failure to the extent that it has at least managed to keep the game with Hegel in play .
in his influential le même et l'autre vincent descombes has described the entire history of twentieth-century philosophy in france as a succession of moves which [try] to get out of this hegelian dialectic : the recent phenomenon of poststructuralism is part of a long philosophical story and distinguished only by what appears to be a certain success , or at least an avoidance of failure to the extent that it has at least managed to keep the game with hegel in play .

Althusser 's theoretical interest , on the other hand , is that he demonstrates the impossibility of any attempt simply to exclude , excise or extirpate Hegel .
althusser 's theoretical interest , on the other hand , is that he demonstrates the impossibility of any [try] simply to exclude , excise or extirpate hegel .

Another such project was initiated by Adorno 's contemporary Jean-Paul Sartre , whose attempt to define a new form of Hegelian Marxism via a reworked philosophy of consciousness in many ways more closely resembled that of the Frankfurt School .
another such project was initiated by adorno 's contemporary jean-paul sartre , whose [try] to define a new form of hegelian marxism via a reworked philosophy of consciousness in many ways more closely resembled that of the frankfurt school .

It is from this perspective that it becomes possible to understand the basis of the distrust of totalizing systems of knowledge which depend upon theory and concepts , so characteristic of Foucault or Lyotard , both of whom have been predominantly concerned with the attempt to isolate and foreground singularity as opposed to universality .
it is from this perspective that it becomes possible to understand the basis of the distrust of totalizing systems of knowledge which depend upon theory and concepts , so characteristic of foucault or lyotard , both of whom have been predominantly concerned with the [try] to isolate and foreground singularity as opposed to universality .

In this situation , abject apologies in some respects remain complicit with the patronizing attitudes from which they attempt to disassociate themselves .
in this situation , abject apologies in some respects remain complicit with the patronizing attitudes from which they [try] to disassociate themselves .

In Totality and Infinity ( 1961 ) , a book self-consciously written under the shadow of two ‘ world ’ wars in which Europe , at the limit of its attempt to devour the world , turned in on itself in two violent acts of self-consummation , Levinas questions the accepted relation between morality and politics .
in totality and infinity ( 1961 ) , a book self-consciously written under the shadow of two ‘ world ’ wars in which europe , at the limit of its [try] to devour the world , turned in on itself in two violent acts of self-consummation , levinas questions the accepted relation between morality and politics .

Certain orientations of his work can be affiliated to Levinas ' attempt to shift the relation to alterity from an appropriation by the same into its totality to a respect for the other 's heterogeneity .
certain orientations of his work can be affiliated to levinas ' [try] to shift the relation to alterity from an appropriation by the same into its totality to a respect for the other 's heterogeneity .

If deconstruction forms part of a more widespread attempt to decolonize the forms of European thought , from this perspective Derrida 's work can be understood as characteristically postmodern .
if deconstruction forms part of a more widespread [try] to decolonize the forms of european thought , from this perspective derrida 's work can be understood as characteristically postmodern .

He therefore repudiated any attempt to begin the painful separation of an ‘ authentic ’ from a ‘ false ’ , orthodox or official Marxism , choosing rather to stress the ambivalence of Marxism itself .
he therefore repudiated any [try] to begin the painful separation of an ‘ authentic ’ from a ‘ false ’ , orthodox or official marxism , choosing rather to stress the ambivalence of marxism itself .

His was the first attempt to explain Stalinism as an aberration through the forms of Marxist analysis itself .
his was the first [try] to explain stalinism as an aberration through the forms of marxist analysis itself .

Sartre does not attempt to answer this question , shifting rather to the notion of a lack of self-consciousness .
sartre does not [try] to answer this question , shifting rather to the notion of a lack of self-consciousness .

His difficulty is accompanied by a no doubt symptomatic increasing distrust of universals so that , in championing specificities against them , he seems to give up the attempt to validate the universals — History as Totalization — that originally formed the object of his project .
his difficulty is accompanied by a no doubt symptomatic increasing distrust of universals so that , in championing specificities against them , he seems to give up the [try] to validate the universals — history as totalization — that originally formed the object of his project .

Thus Sartre 's attempt to prove the truth of Marxism and of History at a philosophical level was abandoned .
thus sartre 's [try] to prove the truth of marxism and of history at a philosophical level was abandoned .

Here we encounter the first attempt to undo the category of ‘ man ’ , an enterprise which has caused more distress than most in the recent history of the social sciences .
here we encounter the first [try] to undo the category of ‘ man ’ , an enterprise which has caused more distress than most in the recent history of the social sciences .

In other words , Sartre 's attempt to combine Marxism with existentialist subjectivity can not resolve its difficulties through a shift from economism to history , for history implicitly continues to fulfil the same function anyway .
in other words , sartre 's [try] to combine marxism with existentialist subjectivity can not resolve its difficulties through a shift from economism to history , for history implicitly continues to fulfil the same function anyway .

Lévi-Strauss ' objections to Sartre 's theory of history on the grounds of its ethnocentrism was certainly to the point , demonstrating that one lesson of Sartre 's Herculean attempt to make history truth , and to give it one meaning , was the relation of such history to Western cultural imperialism .
lévi-strauss ' objections to sartre 's theory of history on the grounds of its ethnocentrism was certainly to the point , demonstrating that one lesson of sartre 's herculean [try] to make history truth , and to give it one meaning , was the relation of such history to western cultural imperialism .

In some sense , it went to the other extreme , for from a totalizing history it projected a form of history in which there was no attempt to link different histories at all .
in some sense , it went to the other extreme , for from a totalizing history it projected a form of history in which there was no [try] to link different histories at all .

Within the general framework of his attack on the humanistic Hegelian tradition of Western Marxism , Althusser 's specific objection to Sartre 's attempt to mediate Marxism with existential subjectivity was that such a move went against the crucial discoveries which had founded Marxism in the first place ; in an extension of Lévi-Strauss ' argument , he maintained that the notion of ‘ man ’ that Sartre used was derived from a particular ideological definition of the human subject which represses Marx 's insight that the human subject is not the centre of history , together with Freud 's that the subject is not centred in consciousness .
within the general framework of his attack on the humanistic hegelian tradition of western marxism , althusser 's specific objection to sartre 's [try] to mediate marxism with existential subjectivity was that such a move went against the crucial discoveries which had founded marxism in the first place ; in an extension of lévi-strauss ' argument , he maintained that the notion of ‘ man ’ that sartre used was derived from a particular ideological definition of the human subject which represses marx 's insight that the human subject is not the centre of history , together with freud 's that the subject is not centred in consciousness .

In particular , in spite of his attempt to avoid positing history as an a priori transcendent law , in the published first volume of the Critique he had still utilized an organicist teleological model of history which assumes that the end is already implicit in the beginning , and that history rolls forward to a determined end .
in particular , in spite of his [try] to avoid positing history as an a priori transcendent law , in the published first volume of the critique he had still utilized an organicist teleological model of history which assumes that the end is already implicit in the beginning , and that history rolls forward to a determined end .

Althusser 's mistake , according to Hirst , was to attempt to construct another philosophy of history ; but any theory of history , he contends , can not do without teleology , spirituality ( the realization of the Idea ) , and the continuum .
althusser 's mistake , according to hirst , was to [try] to construct another philosophy of history ; but any theory of history , he contends , can not do without teleology , spirituality ( the realization of the idea ) , and the continuum .

On the other hand , we would add that the lesson of Hegel 's , Marx 's , and Sartre 's attempt also suggests that history can not be coherently essentialist and teleological either .
on the other hand , we would add that the lesson of hegel 's , marx 's , and sartre 's [try] also suggests that history can not be coherently essentialist and teleological either .

But it is also possible to see it as an attempt to formulate the way in which the sliding incompatibility of the two can only be perceived through an ‘ internal distantiation ’ in which the problem of that ‘ relation ’ is enacted by its relation , in the sense of the telling of a story — which is how we get history .
but it is also possible to see it as an [try] to formulate the way in which the sliding incompatibility of the two can only be perceived through an ‘ internal distantiation ’ in which the problem of that ‘ relation ’ is enacted by its relation , in the sense of the telling of a story — which is how we get history .

It is this structure which both Sartre 's ‘ singular universal , and Althusser 's relative autonomy within a structure in dominance attempt to formulate , and in both cases the in-between of such simultaneity emerges as the process of writing itself .
it is this structure which both sartre 's ‘ singular universal , and althusser 's relative autonomy within a structure in dominance [try] to formulate , and in both cases the in-between of such simultaneity emerges as the process of writing itself .

Nevertheless we can say at least that his preoccupation with history has been consistent throughout : the articulation of repressed history in Madness and Civilization ( 1961 ) , the historicity of history in The Order of Things ( 1966 ) , the epistemic mutation of history and the theoretical difficulties of historiography in The Archaeology of knowledge ( 1969 ) , and the attempt to write a different kind of history , ‘ genealogy ’ , that demonstrates the emergence of new forms of power in Discipline and Punish ( 1975 ) and The History of Sexuality ( 1976–84 )
nevertheless we can say at least that his preoccupation with history has been consistent throughout : the articulation of repressed history in madness and civilization ( 1961 ) , the historicity of history in the order of things ( 1966 ) , the epistemic mutation of history and the theoretical difficulties of historiography in the archaeology of knowledge ( 1969 ) , and the [try] to write a different kind of history , ‘ genealogy ’ , that demonstrates the emergence of new forms of power in discipline and punish ( 1975 ) and the history of sexuality ( 1976–84 )

One day an attempt must be made to study madness as an overall structure — madness freed and disalienated , restored in some sense to its original language .
one day an [try] must be made to study madness as an overall structure — madness freed and disalienated , restored in some sense to its original language .

Rather he points to the theoretical paradox involved , namely that the human sciences ' very emphasis on historicity as a mode of being was equally applicable to themselves as forms of knowledge , and inevitably destroyed any attempt to formulate universal laws comparable to those of the natural sciences .
rather he points to the theoretical paradox involved , namely that the human sciences ' very emphasis on historicity as a mode of being was equally applicable to themselves as forms of knowledge , and inevitably destroyed any [try] to formulate universal laws comparable to those of the natural sciences .

Here we can see a rather different perspective on the human alienation which Lukács describes ; in Foucault 's account , Marxism 's attempt to reproduce the totality in itself falls within the terms of his argument by which totalizing theories of history are based on an anxiety derived from the break-up of its unity .
here we can see a rather different perspective on the human alienation which lukács describes ; in foucault 's account , marxism 's [try] to reproduce the totality in itself falls within the terms of his argument by which totalizing theories of history are based on an anxiety derived from the break-up of its unity .

But as with Althusser 's modes of production , so Foucault 's attempt to elaborate a ‘ positive unconscious ’ of knowledge was criticized by Sartre , and subsequently by many others , for being unable to give any account of change and for implying a total discontinuity between periods .
but as with althusser 's modes of production , so foucault 's [try] to elaborate a ‘ positive unconscious ’ of knowledge was criticized by sartre , and subsequently by many others , for being unable to give any account of change and for implying a total discontinuity between periods .

The objection that Foucault neglects history because he does not attempt to give reasons why the epistemic shifts he describes occurred is perhaps inevitable but also begs the question : for conventional historiography has in general done nothing but account for such shifts — which has meant that it has consistently failed to recognize alterity and incommensurability in its insistent search for continuities with the past .
the objection that foucault neglects history because he does not [try] to give reasons why the epistemic shifts he describes occurred is perhaps inevitable but also begs the question : for conventional historiography has in general done nothing but account for such shifts — which has meant that it has consistently failed to recognize alterity and incommensurability in its insistent search for continuities with the past .

Such contradictions can be productive : the attempt to reject historicism absolutely results either in an utter particularism or in a surreptitious return of historicism in a different form .
such contradictions can be productive : the [try] to reject historicism absolutely results either in an utter particularism or in a surreptitious return of historicism in a different form .

His Deleuzian notion of the phantasmatic event constituted a brief attempt to reformulate the relation of the particular to the general as a problem of history .
his deleuzian notion of the phantasmatic event constituted a brief [try] to reformulate the relation of the particular to the general as a problem of history .

Sun Microsystems Inc 's Sunconnect division is to roll-out the latest version of SunNet Manager , its network manager software , in an attempt to catch up with Hewlett-Packard Co which has just released OpenView 3.0 .
sun microsystems inc 's sunconnect division is to roll-out the latest version of sunnet manager , its network manager software , in an [try] to catch up with hewlett-packard co which has just released openview 3.0 .

Bryan Wilson ( 1970 ) has contributed some very useful sub-divisions of the sect category and various sociologists have tried to classify the new religions that have emerged during the second half of the present century in an attempt to find some order in the enormous variety of beliefs , practices and organisations that are manifested in these movements ( eg Beckford , 1985 ; Wallis , 1983 ) .
bryan wilson ( 1970 ) has contributed some very useful sub-divisions of the sect category and various sociologists have tried to classify the new religions that have emerged during the second half of the present century in an [try] to find some order in the enormous variety of beliefs , practices and organisations that are manifested in these movements ( eg beckford , 1985 ; wallis , 1983 ) .

Griffin further argued that it was wrong to attempt to explain girls ' experience by trying to fit them into models derived from studies of male youth .
griffin further argued that it was wrong to [try] to explain girls ' experience by trying to fit them into models derived from studies of male youth .

To begin with an attempt was made to involve another member of the senior management team in the interviews for community posts .
to begin with an [try] was made to involve another member of the senior management team in the interviews for community posts .

In this chapter an attempt has been made to explore some evidence about teachers , teaching and teachers ' work .
in this chapter an [try] has been made to explore some evidence about teachers , teaching and teachers ' work .

D'Alembord had quite given up any attempt to dance .
d'alembord had quite given up any [try] to dance .

For example , a player whose regular opponent fields High Elves might wisely decide to abandon any attempt to out-shoot his enemies in favour of a fast , hard-hitting attack force combined with long range artillery .
for example , a player whose regular opponent fields high elves might wisely decide to abandon any [try] to out-shoot his enemies in favour of a fast , hard-hitting attack force combined with long range artillery .

Because the Doom Diver can steer himself as he dives downwards , he can attempt to correct his flight path should he veer away from his target .
because the doom diver can steer himself as he dives downwards , he can [try] to correct his flight path should he veer away from his target .

If the template veers off target , you may attempt to bring it back towards the original target .
if the template veers off target , you may [try] to bring it back towards the original target .

With bows or crossbows you can shoot up the enemy before your core units get to grips with them , or you can attempt to draw enemy missile troops into an exchange to divert fire from the core units as they advance .
with bows or crossbows you can shoot up the enemy before your core units get to grips with them , or you can [try] to draw enemy missile troops into an exchange to divert fire from the core units as they advance .

The three cornerstones of this legislation were : the attempt to break away from the categorisation of children , allied to the concept of a continuum of need ; the importance attached to successful integration ; and the belief that a partnership with parents was vital .
the three cornerstones of this legislation were : the [try] to break away from the categorisation of children , allied to the concept of a continuum of need ; the importance attached to successful integration ; and the belief that a partnership with parents was vital .

Acceptance of the separate stages of rehearsal , drafting , revision , editing and publishing as normal practice for writers encourages children with special needs to express their ideas in writing more confidently than was possible when children were expected to get everything right at the first attempt .
acceptance of the separate stages of rehearsal , drafting , revision , editing and publishing as normal practice for writers encourages children with special needs to express their ideas in writing more confidently than was possible when children were expected to get everything right at the first [try] .

No attempt to involve pupils in school life
no [try] to involve pupils in school life

No attempt to enlist support of parents
no [try] to enlist support of parents

Gilligan , too , declares her work an attempt to expand the humanist project in psychology .
gilligan , too , declares her work an [try] to expand the humanist project in psychology .

Lipschitz notes that ‘ while feminist therapists can attempt the abolition of inhibition in empowering practices , they can not abolish repression … to suggest this is to abolish the unconscious ’ ( 1978 : 29 ) .
lipschitz notes that ‘ while feminist therapists can [try] the abolition of inhibition in empowering practices , they can not abolish repression … to suggest this is to abolish the unconscious ’ ( 1978 : 29 ) .

It was a simple attempt to bring the plane down , but one that required sound engineering knowledge .
it was a simple [try] to bring the plane down , but one that required sound engineering knowledge .

‘ The Bolsheviks were worried that a rescue attempt would be made on the Alexander Palace .
‘ the bolsheviks were worried that a rescue [try] would be made on the alexander palace .

It is not possible here , neither is it necessary for our purpose , to attempt a historical analysis of the evolution of the rose genus into the many classifications , types and kinds .
it is not possible here , neither is it necessary for our purpose , to [try] a historical analysis of the evolution of the rose genus into the many classifications , types and kinds .

Instead , it has been an attempt to marry a value-laden choice of issue with objective methods of data collection .
instead , it has been an [try] to marry a value-laden choice of issue with objective methods of data collection .

The longitudinal study is an attempt to respond to this problem .
the longitudinal study is an [try] to respond to this problem .

More recently , writers interested in social mobility ( the movement of individuals and groups up and down the social scale ) have studied rates of social mobility in different societies in an attempt to discover its causes , especially in relation to the process of industrialization .
more recently , writers interested in social mobility ( the movement of individuals and groups up and down the social scale ) have studied rates of social mobility in different societies in an [try] to discover its causes , especially in relation to the process of industrialization .

In a last ditch attempt to win the war the Witch King launches a desperate winter offensive across the Shadowlands .
in a last ditch [try] to win the war the witch king launches a desperate winter offensive across the shadowlands .

Despite the changing circumstances within which the press now operates and much evidence with which to discredit its own claims to legitimacy as ‘ the fourth estate ’ , there has been no serious attempt to reconsider the theories of the press and the media generally as they relate to the remaining decade of this century .
despite the changing circumstances within which the press now operates and much evidence with which to discredit its own claims to legitimacy as ‘ the fourth estate ’ , there has been no serious [try] to reconsider the theories of the press and the media generally as they relate to the remaining decade of this century .

Second , because governments and ministers still retain political objectives and motivations , they will attempt to guard jealously information within their purview and to use it in such ways as to influence and direct public opinion .
second , because governments and ministers still retain political objectives and motivations , they will [try] to guard jealously information within their purview and to use it in such ways as to influence and direct public opinion .

In fact , any attempt by the press to act as a free oppositional/ adversarial press was itself likely to generate some form of criticism since it confronted governments with powerful adversaries , a situation which governments ( and Parliaments ) did not , and still do not , appear willing to tolerate .
in fact , any [try] by the press to act as a free oppositional/ adversarial press was itself likely to generate some form of criticism since it confronted governments with powerful adversaries , a situation which governments ( and parliaments ) did not , and still do not , appear willing to tolerate .

Possibly the last attempt at such a use of newspaper power — Cecil King 's 1968 ‘ Enough is Enough ’ article in the Mirror which called for Harold Wilson 's resignation as Prime Minister — resulted in the dismissal of the ‘ abuser ’ of power , Cecil King himself .
possibly the last [try] at such a use of newspaper power — cecil king 's 1968 ‘ enough is enough ’ article in the mirror which called for harold wilson 's resignation as prime minister — resulted in the dismissal of the ‘ abuser ’ of power , cecil king himself .

An attempt by Daily Mail journalists to broaden the paper 's political coverage of the 1983 election was rejected on the grounds that only the editor was responsible for content and that outside pressure , if only from an organization 's own journalists , amounted to interference in the running of that organization .
an [try] by daily mail journalists to broaden the paper 's political coverage of the 1983 election was rejected on the grounds that only the editor was responsible for content and that outside pressure , if only from an organization 's own journalists , amounted to interference in the running of that organization .

It also implied that journalists , even experienced journalists , should not attempt to challenge the guidelines of those who edit or run newspapers .
it also implied that journalists , even experienced journalists , should not [try] to challenge the guidelines of those who edit or run newspapers .

The attempt to identify the process of ‘ depoliticization ’ — perhaps for specific ideological reasons — is not matched by either careful empirical analysis or sufficient historical insight .
the [try] to identify the process of ‘ depoliticization ’ — perhaps for specific ideological reasons — is not matched by either careful empirical analysis or sufficient historical insight .

The decision of the Post Office to set up the British Broadcasting Company in 1922 as a co-operative of radio set manufacturers was an attempt to overcome a series of essentially technical and organizational problems : the need to satisfy set manufacturers by ensuring that all participated in the birth and development of broadcasting , the need to avoid chaos on the airwaves on the American scale , and the need to guarantee an efficient and satisfactory service to all listeners .
the decision of the post office to set up the british broadcasting company in 1922 as a co-operative of radio set manufacturers was an [try] to overcome a series of essentially technical and organizational problems : the need to satisfy set manufacturers by ensuring that all participated in the birth and development of broadcasting , the need to avoid chaos on the airwaves on the american scale , and the need to guarantee an efficient and satisfactory service to all listeners .

Their appeals to the morality and mystery of their work in an attempt to establish a charismatic authority may be seen as a defence of their status since , as Paterson 's discussion of judges reminds us , there are social strata above the professions .
their appeals to the morality and mystery of their work in an [try] to establish a charismatic authority may be seen as a defence of their status since , as paterson 's discussion of judges reminds us , there are social strata above the professions .

This approach avoids the idealism lurking in other attempts to classify occupations , and in particular ‘ the professions ’ , even when the attempt seeks to situate the professions in a radical theory of society .
this approach avoids the idealism lurking in other attempts to classify occupations , and in particular ‘ the professions ’ , even when the [try] seeks to situate the professions in a radical theory of society .

It was upon them that the legal profession focussed in the early 1970s in an attempt to improve its tarnished public image .
it was upon them that the legal profession focussed in the early 1970s in an [try] to improve its tarnished public image .

Although the success of the scheme in its attempt to relieve these internal tensions is questionable , its public image remains heavily altruistic .
although the success of the scheme in its [try] to relieve these internal tensions is questionable , its public image remains heavily altruistic .

Year-old Network Appliance Corporation , a Santa Clara , California start-up , this week will attempt to create a new class of file servers with the introduction of its first product , FAServer , a file server appliance designed for Network File System networks .
year-old network appliance corporation , a santa clara , california start-up , this week will [try] to create a new class of file servers with the introduction of its first product , faserver , a file server appliance designed for network file system networks .

Mud is being pumped out of the land-locked Alderfen Broad in Norfolk in an attempt to restore a rich water plant community and a healthy fish population .
mud is being pumped out of the land-locked alderfen broad in norfolk in an [try] to restore a rich water plant community and a healthy fish population .

The attempt in the Treaty to reorganize the Balkans as a stable structure of national states appealed to them for this reason .
the [try] in the treaty to reorganize the balkans as a stable structure of national states appealed to them for this reason .

Any honest attempt to unfathom the Soviet view of war runs into a set of paradoxes .
any honest [try] to unfathom the soviet view of war runs into a set of paradoxes .

It seems more likely that the knot symbolized the bond between the communicant and the deity , or that it was an attempt to bind the deity by magic , which is much the same thing .
it seems more likely that the knot symbolized the bond between the communicant and the deity , or that it was an [try] to bind the deity by magic , which is much the same thing .

Borland International Inc chief executive officer Phillipe Kahn told InformationWeek that Computer Associates wined and dined Novell Inc boss Ray Noorda in an attempt to acquire the company .
borland international inc chief executive officer phillipe kahn told informationweek that computer associates wined and dined novell inc boss ray noorda in an [try] to acquire the company .

Here naturalism seems to slip back in , at least in the attempt to explain how knowledge is possible for us .
here naturalism seems to slip back in , at least in the [try] to explain how knowledge is possible for us .

We can not , as Peirce would hope , hold science at arm 's length and attempt to justify its procedures — unless , that is , we can frame an a priori conception of reality of the sort Peirce offers .
we can not , as peirce would hope , hold science at arm 's length and [try] to justify its procedures — unless , that is , we can frame an a priori conception of reality of the sort peirce offers .

Any attempt to jump the queue will be resisted by all other members .
any [try] to jump the queue will be resisted by all other members .

But such an argument implicitly rules out an important alternative ; for it discounts the idea that the attempt to give an a priori defence of individualism may be mistaken .
but such an argument implicitly rules out an important alternative ; for it discounts the idea that the [try] to give an a priori defence of individualism may be mistaken .

Any attempt to grapple with a holist theory will therefore have to separate its holist character from its other features , and especially where a theory is weak , it will be important to see whether the deficiency is the result of its being holist , or is due to something else .
any [try] to grapple with a holist theory will therefore have to separate its holist character from its other features , and especially where a theory is weak , it will be important to see whether the deficiency is the result of its being holist , or is due to something else .

For the attempt to explain social phenomena in terms of needs presupposes that they are ‘ given ’ concepts which we can apply relatively easily , and use as a basis for enquiry .
for the [try] to explain social phenomena in terms of needs presupposes that they are ‘ given ’ concepts which we can apply relatively easily , and use as a basis for enquiry .

In our attempt to understand a group of complex phenomena we pick on some ‘ simple ’ starting-point such as a need , and proceed to treat it as though it were completely transparent .
in our [try] to understand a group of complex phenomena we pick on some ‘ simple ’ starting-point such as a need , and proceed to treat it as though it were completely transparent .

Any attempt to pick out one concept , such as that of an individual , and theorise about it , will always be vulnerable to the challenge , ‘ But how is that concept to be explained ?
any [try] to pick out one concept , such as that of an individual , and theorise about it , will always be vulnerable to the challenge , ‘ but how is that concept to be explained ?

The claim that the complex whole of society should be seen as consisting of practices is an attempt to get away from the idea that a social theory can be grounded upon a concept which is ‘ simple ’ and ‘ given ’ .
the claim that the complex whole of society should be seen as consisting of practices is an [try] to get away from the idea that a social theory can be grounded upon a concept which is ‘ simple ’ and ‘ given ’ .

We have seen that , according to Althusser 's reading , Marx is committed to arguing that practices are mutually dependent , and some of the links between them are displayed in Althusser 's attempt to clarify the relations between the practices of capitalist society .
we have seen that , according to althusser 's reading , marx is committed to arguing that practices are mutually dependent , and some of the links between them are displayed in althusser 's [try] to clarify the relations between the practices of capitalist society .

Althusser 's holism consists , as we have seen , in an attempt to explain all social phenomena in terms of certain aspects of social structure , at the expense of explanations which appeal to the properties of individual subjects .
althusser 's holism consists , as we have seen , in an [try] to explain all social phenomena in terms of certain aspects of social structure , at the expense of explanations which appeal to the properties of individual subjects .

Later , however , he conceded that this attempt had been unsuccessful , and his earlier rigorous separation of science and ideology misguided .
later , however , he conceded that this [try] had been unsuccessful , and his earlier rigorous separation of science and ideology misguided .

Yet some attempt at assessment must surely be made .
yet some [try] at assessment must surely be made .

In a further attempt to come to terms with it , a number of social theorists have concentrated on exactly the sort of counterfactual analysis that we found used , but not discussed , by Poulantzas .
in a further [try] to come to terms with it , a number of social theorists have concentrated on exactly the sort of counterfactual analysis that we found used , but not discussed , by poulantzas .

An attempt to catalogue and quantify these hazards in the field at Henfaes was made by Peters ( 1980 ) who included white clover amongst the species that he studied .
an [try] to catalogue and quantify these hazards in the field at henfaes was made by peters ( 1980 ) who included white clover amongst the species that he studied .

Naturalism in a broader sense consists in the attempt to lay down certain fundamental aspects of the good life for man on the basis of considerations of human nature .
naturalism in a broader sense consists in the [try] to lay down certain fundamental aspects of the good life for man on the basis of considerations of human nature .

As soon attempt to slice water with a sword , or chop up the sea .
as soon [try] to slice water with a sword , or chop up the sea .

Griffin is right to the extent that we do entertain fantasies of inhabiting other ‘ skins ’ ( David Garnett 's Lady into Fox ( 1932 ) is a good example of the literary genre , although Kafka 's Metamorphosis ( 1961 ) is pre-eminent in casting the shadows of paradox involved in the attempt ) but the failure to achieve this does not in any way put at risk our understanding of what others say of their own or others ' consciousness .
griffin is right to the extent that we do entertain fantasies of inhabiting other ‘ skins ’ ( david garnett 's lady into fox ( 1932 ) is a good example of the literary genre , although kafka 's metamorphosis ( 1961 ) is pre-eminent in casting the shadows of paradox involved in the [try] ) but the failure to achieve this does not in any way put at risk our understanding of what others say of their own or others ' consciousness .

To attempt to understand human nature requires that we grasp the import of what we say .
to [try] to understand human nature requires that we grasp the import of what we say .

Duane Rumbaugh 's use of computer keyboards with which two chimpanzees can be in touch with each other in the absence of trainers is , in part , an attempt to bypass these difficulties .
duane rumbaugh 's use of computer keyboards with which two chimpanzees can be in touch with each other in the absence of trainers is , in part , an [try] to bypass these difficulties .

Evidence of this is that if we attempt to justify them no obvious answer is forthcoming .
evidence of this is that if we [try] to justify them no obvious answer is forthcoming .

It is thought neither whimsical nor absurdly divisive to spend money on one 's friends but not on strangers ; to attempt to do so , other than in special social circumstances , will be to make a fool of oneself .
it is thought neither whimsical nor absurdly divisive to spend money on one 's friends but not on strangers ; to [try] to do so , other than in special social circumstances , will be to make a fool of oneself .

Singer 's attempt to duck these difficulties by arguing that social changes of this magnitude would need to be phased in slowly will not survive scrutiny .
singer 's [try] to duck these difficulties by arguing that social changes of this magnitude would need to be phased in slowly will not survive scrutiny .

Any attempt to define ‘ suffering ’ , for example , is bound to fall between the two stools of being unhelpfully imprecise ( such as ‘ a diminution in wellbeing ’ ) or too precisely exclusive ( ‘ an unpleasant emotional response ’ ) .
any [try] to define ‘ suffering ’ , for example , is bound to fall between the two stools of being unhelpfully imprecise ( such as ‘ a diminution in wellbeing ’ ) or too precisely exclusive ( ‘ an unpleasant emotional response ’ ) .

It is in this spirit that we can greet Rollin 's attempt to resolve the ‘ entire question of toxicity ’ , if we extend the field beyond drugs to insecticides , preservatives , children 's toys , and the rest , by demonstrating that our own interests and those of experimental animals overlap : ‘ Basically , it is in both our interests to diminish the number of potentially toxic substances being introduced into the market and into the environment ’ ( 1981 : 99 ) .
it is in this spirit that we can greet rollin 's [try] to resolve the ‘ entire question of toxicity ’ , if we extend the field beyond drugs to insecticides , preservatives , children 's toys , and the rest , by demonstrating that our own interests and those of experimental animals overlap : ‘ basically , it is in both our interests to diminish the number of potentially toxic substances being introduced into the market and into the environment ’ ( 1981 : 99 ) .

More importantly it brought the team to the attention of Eric Shipton , the leader of the British expedition group planning an attempt on Everest .
more importantly it brought the team to the attention of eric shipton , the leader of the british expedition group planning an [try] on everest .

The weather is so unpredictable that only those who are well equipped and experienced walkers should attempt the high tops .
the weather is so unpredictable that only those who are well equipped and experienced walkers should [try] the high tops .

Any attempt to help us overcome the weakness we may feel when encountering conflict must allow for this fundamental element in conflict management .
any [try] to help us overcome the weakness we may feel when encountering conflict must allow for this fundamental element in conflict management .

Any serious attempt at Christian living , however small in scope , makes an important contribution to the overall effect and impact of the salt and light strategy envisaged by Jesus .
any serious [try] at christian living , however small in scope , makes an important contribution to the overall effect and impact of the salt and light strategy envisaged by jesus .

Not once had she made any attempt to respond to his initiatives .
not once had she made any [try] to respond to his initiatives .

It can be an attempt to gain wealth , power , prestige or praise .
it can be an [try] to gain wealth , power , prestige or praise .

In 1989 there was outcry when a Pole carried his four-year-old son to the top of the Tacul , and two-years later the same pair were actually stopped by the police and turned back during an attempt on Mont Blanc .
in 1989 there was outcry when a pole carried his four-year-old son to the top of the tacul , and two-years later the same pair were actually stopped by the police and turned back during an [try] on mont blanc .

‘ The accident happened after the second , unsuccessful attempt on the mountain , during the descent .
‘ the accident happened after the second , unsuccessful [try] on the mountain , during the descent .

Maybe so , because in April 1954 Don Whillans went straight to attempt the great open book corner direct .
maybe so , because in april 1954 don whillans went straight to [try] the great open book corner direct .

There was no way we would have dared attempt these routes had they sported their current designations then .
there was no way we would have dared [try] these routes had they sported their current designations then .

Sterling is looking to part with one or more of the aircraft in an attempt to recover some of the costs incurred in bringing the aircraft back to civilisation .
sterling is looking to part with one or more of the aircraft in an [try] to recover some of the costs incurred in bringing the aircraft back to civilisation .

Two waves of innovation are relevant here : firstly , the permeation of Information Technology , particularly desktop publishing , across the curriculum in the 1980s and , secondly , the attempt in the last four years to position electronic , in the sense of non-print , publishing within the course .
two waves of innovation are relevant here : firstly , the permeation of information technology , particularly desktop publishing , across the curriculum in the 1980s and , secondly , the [try] in the last four years to position electronic , in the sense of non-print , publishing within the course .

It is probably wrong to attempt to define electronic publishing unless it is done in a very general way .
it is probably wrong to [try] to define electronic publishing unless it is done in a very general way .

If we attempt to do so , we may leave out whole areas of study .
if we [try] to do so , we may leave out whole areas of study .

Perhaps disappointingly , after all this thought to protection from viruses , we have not been seriously attacked : the worst that happened was an attempt to lead us into an adventure game .
perhaps disappointingly , after all this thought to protection from viruses , we have not been seriously attacked : the worst that happened was an [try] to lead us into an adventure game .

The sections below discuss the goals of undergraduate electronic publishing courses , and attempt to show how their content can be tailored to exploit the background and knowledge of computer science students .
the sections below discuss the goals of undergraduate electronic publishing courses , and [try] to show how their content can be tailored to exploit the background and knowledge of computer science students .

We thus attempt to combine a general ‘ literacy ’ approach with a study of principles and design decisions , and to identify and describe relevant standards .
we thus [try] to combine a general ‘ literacy ’ approach with a study of principles and design decisions , and to identify and describe relevant standards .

There are difficulties assessing the child between the age of 2 and 4 years and so a range of different tests is used in an attempt to tap a wide range of the child 's skills and maintain the child 's interest and motivation to co-operate .
there are difficulties assessing the child between the age of 2 and 4 years and so a range of different tests is used in an [try] to tap a wide range of the child 's skills and maintain the child 's interest and motivation to co-operate .

They still love them but feel so undermined and out of control that they become more aggressive and violent in an attempt to finally gain power .
they still love them but feel so undermined and out of control that they become more aggressive and violent in an [try] to finally gain power .

In an attempt to give them what they like , mothers can overload the child with their favourite food until satiation is reached and the child does n't want it any more .
in an [try] to give them what they like , mothers can overload the child with their favourite food until satiation is reached and the child does n't want it any more .

The parents start to react inappropriately to the child , attempt to force feed , and cause greater resistance .
the parents start to react inappropriately to the child , [try] to force feed , and cause greater resistance .

If parents are beginning to feel anxious or upset about it then they should abandon the whole attempt until all the worry has died down .
if parents are beginning to feel anxious or upset about it then they should abandon the whole [try] until all the worry has died down .

Unless you have above-average building skills , lining a flue with precast liners is not a job you should attempt to do yourself .
unless you have above-average building skills , lining a flue with precast liners is not a job you should [try] to do yourself .

Susan Shirk describes this as an attempt to create a ‘ virtuocracy ’ based on Maoist criteria in contrast to a meritocracy .
susan shirk describes this as an [try] to create a ‘ virtuocracy ’ based on maoist criteria in contrast to a meritocracy .

There was also controversy raging about their attempt to rewrite the account of the fall of Chiang 's former capital , usually referred to as ‘ the rape of Nanking ’ .
there was also controversy raging about their [try] to rewrite the account of the fall of chiang 's former capital , usually referred to as ‘ the rape of nanking ’ .

The Chinese government had themselves complained about this attempt to ‘ falsify history ’ .
the chinese government had themselves complained about this [try] to ‘ falsify history ’ .

It is better to take this decision at the outset rather than have a poorly planned attempt backfire on the parents .
it is better to take this decision at the outset rather than have a poorly planned [try] backfire on the parents .

Helping parents in this way is an attempt to provide them with child-management skills for life so that they can generate solutions to many of the problems they face without reference to professionals at all .
helping parents in this way is an [try] to provide them with child-management skills for life so that they can generate solutions to many of the problems they face without reference to professionals at all .

The terms ‘ learning ’ , ‘ acquisition ’ and ‘ development ’ are often used interchangeably and , so far in this book , there has been no attempt to define distinctive meanings .
the terms ‘ learning ’ , ‘ acquisition ’ and ‘ development ’ are often used interchangeably and , so far in this book , there has been no [try] to define distinctive meanings .

Second , the contingent environmental events which may strengthen or weaken verbal responses are specified and an attempt should be made to identify those contingencies which will operate to maintain the target behaviours in the natural environment once they have been established through systematic teaching .
second , the contingent environmental events which may strengthen or weaken verbal responses are specified and an [try] should be made to identify those contingencies which will operate to maintain the target behaviours in the natural environment once they have been established through systematic teaching .

The acquisition theory of language development is an attempt to explain how children acquire the rules of grammar .
the acquisition theory of language development is an [try] to explain how children acquire the rules of grammar .

Perhaps the most distinguishing features of psychological approaches to the study of human development are the assumption of underlying continuities between behaviours at different points in the lifespan , and the attempt to understand how interactions between the individual and the environment at one point in time make possible more elaborate interactions at some later point in time .
perhaps the most distinguishing features of psychological approaches to the study of human development are the assumption of underlying continuities between behaviours at different points in the lifespan , and the [try] to understand how interactions between the individual and the environment at one point in time make possible more elaborate interactions at some later point in time .

Developmental norms are an attempt to provide an indication of the ages at which one might expect ordinary children to show evidence of certain skills or abilities .
developmental norms are an [try] to provide an indication of the ages at which one might expect ordinary children to show evidence of certain skills or abilities .

However , the situation immediately becomes more complicated when an attempt is made to determine precisely what language a child is capable of producing , how much a child understands , and , if the child appears to be experiencing difficulties , just where these difficulties lie .
however , the situation immediately becomes more complicated when an [try] is made to determine precisely what language a child is capable of producing , how much a child understands , and , if the child appears to be experiencing difficulties , just where these difficulties lie .

Developmental charts and checklists are an attempt to provide a simple , non-technical procedure for gathering information about a child 's language .
developmental charts and checklists are an [try] to provide a simple , non-technical procedure for gathering information about a child 's language .

Linguistic ability can not be measured directly , but only via elicitation procedures which attempt to make visible a certain aspect of a child 's language .
linguistic ability can not be measured directly , but only via elicitation procedures which [try] to make visible a certain aspect of a child 's language .

Andrea Stimpson , who recently climbed The Nose on Yosemite 's El Capitan , is leading an all-woman team to the Karakorum to attempt a sub-5,000 metre pack this August .
andrea stimpson , who recently climbed the nose on yosemite 's el capitan , is leading an all-woman team to the karakorum to [try] a sub-5,000 metre pack this august .

It is not advisable to attempt this walk in conditions of poor visibility since the plateau is featureless and it 's difficult to know when you are close to the Ben Crom crags .
it is not advisable to [try] this walk in conditions of poor visibility since the plateau is featureless and it 's difficult to know when you are close to the ben crom crags .

They are places of many moods : clear , late autumn days when the rock exhibits an embarrassing degree of friction , or the biting cold and raw-limbed excesses of a winter day , usually spent thrutching in dank clefts in an attempt to escape the wind .
they are places of many moods : clear , late autumn days when the rock exhibits an embarrassing degree of friction , or the biting cold and raw-limbed excesses of a winter day , usually spent thrutching in dank clefts in an [try] to escape the wind .

He visited Nepal in 1984 to attempt the traverse of Makalu .
he visited nepal in 1984 to [try] the traverse of makalu .

‘ We saw several things we were too frightened to attempt .
‘ we saw several things we were too frightened to [try] .

Right Said Fred are making a fairly robust attempt not to become too aware , but they do have the odd theory , the odd observation .
right said fred are making a fairly robust [try] not to become too aware , but they do have the odd theory , the odd observation .

Abercrombie 's work is not alone in its attempt to salvage the sociology of knowledge in recent years .
abercrombie 's work is not alone in its [try] to salvage the sociology of knowledge in recent years .

For those sociologists keen to establish the scientific credentials of sociology , both the attempt to comment on epistemology as knowledge and the attempt to found an empirical subject on relationist methods seemed impossible .
for those sociologists keen to establish the scientific credentials of sociology , both the [try] to comment on epistemology as knowledge and the [try] to found an empirical subject on relationist methods seemed impossible .

The project of Mannheim 's sociology of knowledge can be summed up as the attempt to study the relation between knowledge and social structure .
the project of mannheim 's sociology of knowledge can be summed up as the [try] to study the relation between knowledge and social structure .

Mannheim 's relationism seemed to his detractors like a hollow promise , an attempt to have it both ways .
mannheim 's relationism seemed to his detractors like a hollow promise , an [try] to have it both ways .

The universal pragmatics is an attempt to describe the process by which people interact and establish their identity through communicative action .
the universal pragmatics is an [try] to describe the process by which people interact and establish their identity through communicative action .

There is then an attempt to generalize and move towards a universal ‘ myth ’ that can stand for all the utterances of a similar type in their various discursive contexts .
there is then an [try] to generalize and move towards a universal ‘ myth ’ that can stand for all the utterances of a similar type in their various discursive contexts .

Anthropological analysis need not be seen as the attempt to discover the truth about primitive societies , but instead as the attempt to ‘ translate ’ ( or transform ) the utterances from one discursive context to another .
anthropological analysis need not be seen as the [try] to discover the truth about primitive societies , but instead as the [try] to ‘ translate ’ ( or transform ) the utterances from one discursive context to another .

There are of course endless problems for the analyst who wishes to use the concept of the collective consciousness but it does at least involve an attempt to locate the basis of meaning in a social context .
there are of course endless problems for the analyst who wishes to use the concept of the collective consciousness but it does at least involve an [try] to locate the basis of meaning in a social context .

Every attempt to establish what the referent of a sign is forces us to define the referent in terms of an abstract entity which moreover is only a cultural convention .
every [try] to establish what the referent of a sign is forces us to define the referent in terms of an abstract entity which moreover is only a cultural convention .

Cable patterns draw the work in , do not attempt to introduce them into a pattern without working a tension sample first .
cable patterns draw the work in , do not [try] to introduce them into a pattern without working a tension sample first .

For your first attempt at weaving , use a medium thickness yarn for both the background and the weaving yarn .
for your first [try] at weaving , use a medium thickness yarn for both the background and the weaving yarn .

It constitutes your attempt to explore your writer-self , to find out its needs , its insecurities and its strengths .
it constitutes your [try] to explore your writer-self , to find out its needs , its insecurities and its strengths .

In the exercise you are now about to attempt you will begin to see a familiar place through unfamiliar eyes .
in the exercise you are now about to [try] you will begin to see a familiar place through unfamiliar eyes .

It may have sounded odd to only have an 18in tube for a four foot tank , but this is another attempt to try to establish a more natural environment .
it may have sounded odd to only have an 18in tube for a four foot tank , but this is another [try] to try to establish a more natural environment .

They are aggressive fish and will try to eat anything you attempt to keep with them , so they are best kept on their own .
they are aggressive fish and will try to eat anything you [try] to keep with them , so they are best kept on their own .

He did attempt to reassure me ( perhaps of his sanity ) by adding that he only had a ‘ basic marine system ’ in mind — not a miniature reef system or a 600 gallon show tank job .
he did [try] to reassure me ( perhaps of his sanity ) by adding that he only had a ‘ basic marine system ’ in mind — not a miniature reef system or a 600 gallon show tank job .

in this article an attempt has been made to extract some guiding principles which underline good goldfish keeping .
in this article an [try] has been made to extract some guiding principles which underline good goldfish keeping .

Looking at the top-level outline of two chapters in the book one sees an attempt to model in a consistent fashion concerns in the real world .
looking at the top-level outline of two chapters in the book one sees an [try] to model in a consistent fashion concerns in the real world .

Most critics ' cavils concerned the attempt to shoehorn a plot around Myers ' modest premise .
most critics ' cavils concerned the [try] to shoehorn a plot around myers ' modest premise .

Even so , one could argue that it is necessary for sociolinguists at least to attempt such a distinction between folklinguistic stereotype and linguistic fact : particularly when the stereotypes in question are both ludicrous and contemptuous of women speakers .
even so , one could argue that it is necessary for sociolinguists at least to [try] such a distinction between folklinguistic stereotype and linguistic fact : particularly when the stereotypes in question are both ludicrous and contemptuous of women speakers .

One of these reasons is the growing popularity of a type of survey that does not attempt to study representative populations , preferring to focus on the more ‘ natural ’ peer groups or social networks which speakers establish .
one of these reasons is the growing popularity of a type of survey that does not [try] to study representative populations , preferring to focus on the more ‘ natural ’ peer groups or social networks which speakers establish .

Assertiveness training courses and the pop versions that appear in magazines routinely recommend that women consciously attempt to lower their pitch and moderate their ‘ swoopy ’ intonational range .
assertiveness training courses and the pop versions that appear in magazines routinely recommend that women consciously [try] to lower their pitch and moderate their ‘ swoopy ’ intonational range .

We can sum up the thread of the argument here by saying that binary oppositions , such as masculine/feminine , are not themselves the first principles of semantics and human cognition , they are a system grafted on in the attempt to analyse those things .
we can sum up the thread of the argument here by saying that binary oppositions , such as masculine/feminine , are not themselves the first principles of semantics and human cognition , they are a system grafted on in the [try] to analyse those things .

Protagoras found gender assignation in Greek inconsistent and illogical — for example , there were cases when two words referring to the same thing had different genders — and he went so far as to advocate reform ( he was ridiculed for this by Aristophanes , and the attempt was unsuccessful ) .
protagoras found gender assignation in greek inconsistent and illogical — for example , there were cases when two words referring to the same thing had different genders — and he went so far as to advocate reform ( he was ridiculed for this by aristophanes , and the [try] was unsuccessful ) .

He approached Vickers and convinced them of his worth as pilot for their Atlantic crossing attempt .
he approached vickers and convinced them of his worth as pilot for their atlantic crossing [try] .

When a suitable pilot in the shape of the cheerful and very able Alcock appeared they were more than eager to make the attempt .
when a suitable pilot in the shape of the cheerful and very able alcock appeared they were more than eager to make the [try] .

Jack , having full knowledge not only of flying aircraft but also of their engines , liaised fully with the Rolls-Royce engineer supplied for the attempt by the Company .
jack , having full knowledge not only of flying aircraft but also of their engines , liaised fully with the rolls-royce engineer supplied for the [try] by the company .

There were many meetings and much paperwork to ensure the availability of petrol , oil , tools and crew to take over to Newfoundland for the attempt .
there were many meetings and much paperwork to ensure the availability of petrol , oil , tools and crew to take over to newfoundland for the [try] .

It flew well , however , the radio transmitter failed , this added to the mysterious contamination of the ground fuel supply , the actual Atlantic attempt looked as though it would be delayed .
it flew well , however , the radio transmitter failed , this added to the mysterious contamination of the ground fuel supply , the actual atlantic [try] looked as though it would be delayed .

Everything look alright again , and then the weather worsened and the attempt looked like it would never happen .
everything look alright again , and then the weather worsened and the [try] looked like it would never happen .

The Vimy was constructed on February 13 , it was No 13 of the batch , the Vickers crew numbered 13 , the Vimy reached Newfoundland on May 26 ( twice 13 ) , Jack arrived in Newfoundland on May 13 , and because 13 was lucky to him Jack wanted to set off on the attempt on June 13 .
the vimy was constructed on february 13 , it was no 13 of the batch , the vickers crew numbered 13 , the vimy reached newfoundland on may 26 ( twice 13 ) , jack arrived in newfoundland on may 13 , and because 13 was lucky to him jack wanted to set off on the [try] on june 13 .

At 5.13pm ( British Summer Time ) the attempt was begun .
at 5.13pm ( british summer time ) the [try] was begun .

Penrhos in North Wales has the distinction of a memorial to a symbolic attempt to destroy it before it was completed .
penrhos in north wales has the distinction of a memorial to a symbolic [try] to destroy it before it was completed .

Problems may arise in terms of the hierarchy of professionals , in that the medical profession may attempt to adopt a prescriptive role towards a social service department , reluctant to accept the judgement of a different agency on priorities .
problems may arise in terms of the hierarchy of professionals , in that the medical profession may [try] to adopt a prescriptive role towards a social service department , reluctant to accept the judgement of a different agency on priorities .

Only seven people have reached the summit in winter and one man died in the attempt .
only seven people have reached the summit in winter and one man died in the [try] .

The father continued the suicide attempt but he was rescued by police .
the father continued the suicide [try] but he was rescued by police .

Last night trained officers were trying to coax details of the ordeal out of the victim in an attempt to build a picture of the rapist .
last night trained officers were trying to coax details of the ordeal out of the victim in an [try] to build a picture of the rapist .

Royal sources believe Diana was forced to make the statement in an attempt to apologise to their Korean hosts that the visit had made headlines because of continued strife in the couple 's marriage .
royal sources believe diana was forced to make the statement in an [try] to apologise to their korean hosts that the visit had made headlines because of continued strife in the couple 's marriage .

Dr Safa Al-Habobi — a director of Matrix Churchill — was actively involved in the attempt to acquire gas centrifuge technology for the enrichment of uranium .
dr safa al-habobi — a director of matrix churchill — was actively involved in the [try] to acquire gas centrifuge technology for the enrichment of uranium .

‘ The fact that these tapes and stories keep reappearing at regular intervals suggests that someone is behind this attempt to hurt him .
‘ the fact that these tapes and stories keep reappearing at regular intervals suggests that someone is behind this [try] to hurt him .

An attempt to get claims dealt with in America , where much higher amounts could be paid , failed .
an [try] to get claims dealt with in america , where much higher amounts could be paid , failed .

Such a merger may be viewed as an attempt to spread risks into different markets .
such a merger may be viewed as an [try] to spread risks into different markets .

Proposed mergers involving Britain 's two largest conglomerate companies will be considered , in an attempt to highlight the issues raised .
proposed mergers involving britain 's two largest conglomerate companies will be considered , in an [try] to highlight the issues raised .

This has been replaced by a move which is variously described as a return ‘ back to basics ’ , an attempt to ‘ focus on the core ’ or ‘ unbundling ’ .
this has been replaced by a move which is variously described as a return ‘ back to basics ’ , an [try] to ‘ focus on the core ’ or ‘ unbundling ’ .

Distillers , the Scotch whisky firm , when faced with an unwanted takeover bid from Argyll , the supermarket chain , in December 1985 , attempted to merge with Guinness , using it as a white knight ( ie a friendly rescuer ) in an attempt to thwart this move .
distillers , the scotch whisky firm , when faced with an unwanted takeover bid from argyll , the supermarket chain , in december 1985 , attempted to merge with guinness , using it as a white knight ( ie a friendly rescuer ) in an [try] to thwart this move .

In an attempt to sway Scottish shareholders of Distillers and to influence Scottish public opinion ( which was anxious that a merger with Guinness might reduce Distillers ' involvement in Scotland ) , Guinness promised during the campaign that the ‘ largest part of our business will be Scottish-based ’ , that Scotland would be the ‘ decision-making centre ’ of the company and that Sir Thomas Risk , Governor of the Bank of Scotland , would be appointed as Non-Executive Chairman of the combined group .
in an [try] to sway scottish shareholders of distillers and to influence scottish public opinion ( which was anxious that a merger with guinness might reduce distillers ' involvement in scotland ) , guinness promised during the campaign that the ‘ largest part of our business will be scottish-based ’ , that scotland would be the ‘ decision-making centre ’ of the company and that sir thomas risk , governor of the bank of scotland , would be appointed as non-executive chairman of the combined group .

Thus the decision not to appoint Risk could be seen as an attempt by the Board to carry out its fiduciary duty to the shareholders ( ie to act in their best interests ) .
thus the decision not to appoint risk could be seen as an [try] by the board to carry out its fiduciary duty to the shareholders ( ie to act in their best interests ) .

The state had been involved in the running of publicly-owned enterprises before the Second World War , but it was not until the post-war Labour governments of 1945 to 1951 that there was an attempt to extend public ownership to any significant degree .
the state had been involved in the running of publicly-owned enterprises before the second world war , but it was not until the post-war labour governments of 1945 to 1951 that there was an [try] to extend public ownership to any significant degree .

This policy was an attempt to satisfy Clause 4 of the Labour Party 's Constitution , which committed the party to ‘ the common ownership of the means of production , distribution and exchange , and the best possible system of popular administration and control of each industry or service ’ .
this policy was an [try] to satisfy clause 4 of the labour party 's constitution , which committed the party to ‘ the common ownership of the means of production , distribution and exchange , and the best possible system of popular administration and control of each industry or service ’ .

The increasing concern for inflation , felt during the 1970s , meant that governments restricted the price rises of nationalised industries in an attempt to moderate inflation in the economy as a whole .
the increasing concern for inflation , felt during the 1970s , meant that governments restricted the price rises of nationalised industries in an [try] to moderate inflation in the economy as a whole .

In addition there was no serious attempt to rationalise the model range ; thus too many different , mainly outdated , models were produced and insufficient profit was generated to develop new products .
in addition there was no serious [try] to rationalise the model range ; thus too many different , mainly outdated , models were produced and insufficient profit was generated to develop new products .

It was argued that the government 's policy towards Austin Rover could be viewed as an attempt to slim down the company through rationalisation and privatise parts as they became profitable ( eg Jaguar ) , finishing up with an unprofitable rump which had very little chance of long-term viability on its own .
it was argued that the government 's policy towards austin rover could be viewed as an [try] to slim down the company through rationalisation and privatise parts as they became profitable ( eg jaguar ) , finishing up with an unprofitable rump which had very little chance of long-term viability on its own .

In 1985 Ford failed in its attempt to merge its European car production facilities with those of Fiat , largely on the issue of which company would be dominant in the partnership .
in 1985 ford failed in its [try] to merge its european car production facilities with those of fiat , largely on the issue of which company would be dominant in the partnership .

The Ford bid can , therefore , be seen as an attempt to establish Alfa in relation to Ford in the same way as the Audi cars complement the Volkswagen range .
the ford bid can , therefore , be seen as an [try] to establish alfa in relation to ford in the same way as the audi cars complement the volkswagen range .

This represents an attempt to assess a level of income below which it is impossible to ensure survival .
this represents an [try] to assess a level of income below which it is impossible to ensure survival .

The main reason for the decline in housebuilding in the public sector is the strict control of local authorities ' capital spending by the central government , as part of the government 's attempt to control overall public expenditure .
the main reason for the decline in housebuilding in the public sector is the strict control of local authorities ' capital spending by the central government , as part of the government 's [try] to control overall public expenditure .

If this analysis is accepted , then it is clear that the attempt over a long period of time to protect the position of those living in privately rented accommodation has failed and has , in fact , made the position worse .
if this analysis is accepted , then it is clear that the [try] over a long period of time to protect the position of those living in privately rented accommodation has failed and has , in fact , made the position worse .

Rent controls on all new lettings were to be lifted , in an attempt to allow landlords to charge a market rent , in the hope that this would increase the supply of rented accommodation .
rent controls on all new lettings were to be lifted , in an [try] to allow landlords to charge a market rent , in the hope that this would increase the supply of rented accommodation .

In a further attempt to restrict the role of local authorities in housing , council house tenants were given the right to switch to an alternative landlord — either in the form of a housing association or an approved private sector landlord — in other words , they were allowed to opt out of local authority control .
in a further [try] to restrict the role of local authorities in housing , council house tenants were given the right to switch to an alternative landlord — either in the form of a housing association or an approved private sector landlord — in other words , they were allowed to opt out of local authority control .

This covered all adults over the age of eighteen ( with certain limited exceptions ) and was , therefore , more broadly based than rates , in an attempt to improve democratic accountability .
this covered all adults over the age of eighteen ( with certain limited exceptions ) and was , therefore , more broadly based than rates , in an [try] to improve democratic accountability .

( The previous attempt to introduce a poll tax in England provoked the Peasants ' Revolt in the fourteenth century . )
( the previous [try] to introduce a poll tax in england provoked the peasants ' revolt in the fourteenth century . )

He decided to move down to Stobs to attempt recordings on the other side of Whitrope summit on the climb from Hawick .
he decided to move down to stobs to [try] recordings on the other side of whitrope summit on the climb from hawick .

On the first occasion a violent thunderstorm blew up on that beautiful summer day , wrecking any attempt at further recording and causing damage to the equipment .
on the first occasion a violent thunderstorm blew up on that beautiful summer day , wrecking any [try] at further recording and causing damage to the equipment .

An advance was requested and paid , and a further sum promised on delivery , so long as Mozart made no attempt to discover its source .
an advance was requested and paid , and a further sum promised on delivery , so long as mozart made no [try] to discover its source .

The plot concerns an attempt to assassinate the Roman Emperor Titus : it is foiled , but the magnanimous emperor pardons the conspirators .
the plot concerns an [try] to assassinate the roman emperor titus : it is foiled , but the magnanimous emperor pardons the conspirators .

The latest theory , persuasively put forward by Professor Landon , is that the opera represented a last-ditch attempt to preserve the rituals of the Order against the anti-Masonic machinations of the emperor and his secret police , and to present the movement to the general public for what it was — a noble institution under threat from the forces of reaction .
the latest theory , persuasively put forward by professor landon , is that the opera represented a last-ditch [try] to preserve the rituals of the order against the anti-masonic machinations of the emperor and his secret police , and to present the movement to the general public for what it was — a noble institution under threat from the forces of reaction .

You attempt to blind us all ,
you [try] to blind us all ,

Meredith did n't respond to his attempt to lighten the conversation but merely sat staring at him thoughtfully .
meredith did n't respond to his [try] to lighten the conversation but merely sat staring at him thoughtfully .

The attempt to harness that power as a controlled source of useful energy has occupied scientists and engineers ever since .
the [try] to harness that power as a controlled source of useful energy has occupied scientists and engineers ever since .

Temperature — an intense degree of heat — was the route that the big machines , the hot fusion tokamaks , had been following in their attempt to induce the nuclei to meet ; Fleischmann and Pons believed that they had stumbled on another way — intense pressures provided by the natural make-up of solid palladium .
temperature — an intense degree of heat — was the route that the big machines , the hot fusion tokamaks , had been following in their [try] to induce the nuclei to meet ; fleischmann and pons believed that they had stumbled on another way — intense pressures provided by the natural make-up of solid palladium .

All he knew was that he had been inadequately protected , and that an attempt on his life had been thwarted by the merest accident .
all he knew was that he had been inadequately protected , and that an [try] on his life had been thwarted by the merest accident .

When the clerk returned he saw the letter , glanced at the door , in an attempt to see who had left it , then slotted it neatly into one of the pigeon holes behind him .
when the clerk returned he saw the letter , glanced at the door , in an [try] to see who had left it , then slotted it neatly into one of the pigeon holes behind him .

Finally , after Ruddock had made one clumsy , belated attempt to launch ‘ the Smash ’ , Lewis provided the killing brush strokes of the boxing artist .
finally , after ruddock had made one clumsy , belated [try] to launch ‘ the smash ’ , lewis provided the killing brush strokes of the boxing artist .

This was not an attempt at wit .
this was not an [try] at wit .

Trainer David Nicholson yesterday confirmed that the nine-year-old is on course to attempt to emulate Half Free , who gained back-to-back successes in the jump season 's first major handicap chase in 1984 and 1985 .
trainer david nicholson yesterday confirmed that the nine-year-old is on course to [try] to emulate half free , who gained back-to-back successes in the jump season 's first major handicap chase in 1984 and 1985 .

The legendary fly-half exhibited all his renowned prowess with the boot , kicking three conversions , two penalties and hitting the post with an audacious drop goal attempt .
the legendary fly-half exhibited all his renowned prowess with the boot , kicking three conversions , two penalties and hitting the post with an audacious drop goal [try] .

While Graeme Souness 's men take on Middlesbrough in an attempt to recover from their midweek European exit , Barnes will spend his 29th birthday bidding to resurrect his personal fortunes at the club 's training ground .
while graeme souness 's men take on middlesbrough in an [try] to recover from their midweek european exit , barnes will spend his 29th birthday bidding to resurrect his personal fortunes at the club 's training ground .

George Benton , who like most good trainers is not short of excuses when things go wrong , does n't attempt to defend his man 's performance on that occasion .
george benton , who like most good trainers is not short of excuses when things go wrong , does n't [try] to defend his man 's performance on that occasion .

Earlier Edberg 's attempt to win back his World No 1 ranking got off to a stuttering start when he beat Czecholslovakia 's Korda , 6–3 , 7–6 ( 11–9 ) .
earlier edberg 's [try] to win back his world no 1 ranking got off to a stuttering start when he beat czecholslovakia 's korda , 6–3 , 7–6 ( 11–9 ) .

The Manchester-based Alsecure team have backed McGuigan by giving him a free drive in the rally , plus an attempt at next year 's British Championship , but experienced co-driver Allan Whittaker is cautious about the Irishman 's chances .
the manchester-based alsecure team have backed mcguigan by giving him a free drive in the rally , plus an [try] at next year 's british championship , but experienced co-driver allan whittaker is cautious about the irishman 's chances .

Instead Taylor and his players must wait for 10 weeks to build on the foundations laid against the Turks — but , in an attempt to maintain some continuity , Taylor is planning an unscheduled pre-Christmas get-together .
instead taylor and his players must wait for 10 weeks to build on the foundations laid against the turks — but , in an [try] to maintain some continuity , taylor is planning an unscheduled pre-christmas get-together .

Pledging that he will attempt to fight off all rivals with that incredible pay package , Cuervas said : ‘ We would be very interested in bringing Keane to the club .
pledging that he will [try] to fight off all rivals with that incredible pay package , cuervas said : ‘ we would be very interested in bringing keane to the club .

Keane , rated in the £5m bracket , is out of contract at the end of next season and has already rebuffed Brian Clough 's first attempt to negotiate a new deal .
keane , rated in the £5m bracket , is out of contract at the end of next season and has already rebuffed brian clough 's first [try] to negotiate a new deal .

John Gallagher pulled his conversion attempt wide — then Leigh had one last chance , but Dave Tanner missed a difficult injury-time penalty .
john gallagher pulled his conversion [try] wide — then leigh had one last chance , but dave tanner missed a difficult injury-time penalty .

Northern prop Roy Powell 's attempt to kick the ball dead miscued , allowing Ropati to dash through and touch down beneath the posts .
northern prop roy powell 's [try] to kick the ball dead miscued , allowing ropati to dash through and touch down beneath the posts .

But there was no attempt to disguise what he had seen .
but there was no [try] to disguise what he had seen .

She did n't attempt to hide the look of disappointment in her eyes .
she did n't [try] to hide the look of disappointment in her eyes .

An attempt to play cards was abandoned ; no one could concentrate .
an [try] to play cards was abandoned ; no one could concentrate .

Every attempt will be made to open up dialogue with the kidnappers and to stall them long enough to trace where your wife and daughter are being held .
every [try] will be made to open up dialogue with the kidnappers and to stall them long enough to trace where your wife and daughter are being held .

In her attempt to ascertain why anorexia nervosa is a girls ' rather than a boys ' disease , Selvini Palazzoli emphasises the manner in which the adolescent girl ‘ is exposed to lewd looks , subjected to menstruation , about to be penetrated in sexual embraces , to be invaded by the foetus , to be suckled by a child , etc .
in her [try] to ascertain why anorexia nervosa is a girls ' rather than a boys ' disease , selvini palazzoli emphasises the manner in which the adolescent girl ‘ is exposed to lewd looks , subjected to menstruation , about to be penetrated in sexual embraces , to be invaded by the foetus , to be suckled by a child , etc .

‘ He did it for roughly the same reason as Clinton , an attempt to indicate consensus on economic and foreign policy , ’ says Dr King .
‘ he did it for roughly the same reason as clinton , an [try] to indicate consensus on economic and foreign policy , ’ says dr king .

But the only way you should attempt abdominal exercises is under strict supervision in a responsible gym .
but the only way you should [try] abdominal exercises is under strict supervision in a responsible gym .

It 's a platform arcade adventure where you play the exotic pyjama-clad Prince in a desperate attempt to rescue your loved one , locked up in the castle 's highest tower .
it 's a platform arcade adventure where you play the exotic pyjama-clad prince in a desperate [try] to rescue your loved one , locked up in the castle 's highest tower .

When it was published she made no attempt to distance herself from it .
when it was published she made no [try] to distance herself from it .

In the past seven weeks the Chancellor , Norman Lamont , has brought interest rates down by 3 per cent in an attempt to revive the British economy .
in the past seven weeks the chancellor , norman lamont , has brought interest rates down by 3 per cent in an [try] to revive the british economy .

The most recent attempt was made by the Labour government in the late Sixties .
the most recent [try] was made by the labour government in the late sixties .

The attempt floundered , and although the Labour Party has regularly called for reform since , nothing has come of it .
the [try] floundered , and although the labour party has regularly called for reform since , nothing has come of it .

It is as feasible to say , ‘ You ca n't bring yourself to attempt it ’ as ‘ You have n't the courage to try ’ .
it is as feasible to say , ‘ you ca n't bring yourself to [try] it ’ as ‘ you have n't the courage to try ’ .

The difficulty that arises from this concerns the attempt to confirm and clarify a hypothesis about which the counsellee has little or no conscious knowledge .
the difficulty that arises from this concerns the [try] to confirm and clarify a hypothesis about which the counsellee has little or no conscious knowledge .

From this more harmonious base the counsellor can attempt to move the family on to consider when family relationships began to falter , what the circumstances were , and how all parties felt about the issues at that time .
from this more harmonious base the counsellor can [try] to move the family on to consider when family relationships began to falter , what the circumstances were , and how all parties felt about the issues at that time .

On the other hand , when the family atmosphere becomes particularly strained or difficult , the counsellor should attempt to bring the discussion around to a more harmonious matter .
on the other hand , when the family atmosphere becomes particularly strained or difficult , the counsellor should [try] to bring the discussion around to a more harmonious matter .

The counsellor should become fully acquainted with as much relevant knowledge and information in as many professional spheres as possible , and use that knowledge in an attempt to ensure that the best possible treatment and care for the counsellee is obtained .
the counsellor should become fully acquainted with as much relevant knowledge and information in as many professional spheres as possible , and use that knowledge in an [try] to ensure that the best possible treatment and care for the counsellee is obtained .

‘ Of course he would have married her , he was very devoted , ’ Aunt Kit said , deceiving herself , I-think , since he made no attempt to see my mother after she had resigned from the college and come home to her sisters .
‘ of course he would have married her , he was very devoted , ’ aunt kit said , deceiving herself , i-think , since he made no [try] to see my mother after she had resigned from the college and come home to her sisters .

It included a house in the tiny seaside village of Cramer , which clung low to the land in an attempt to avoid the rough seas and wild winds that buffeted the coast for what seemed to Nora most of the year .
it included a house in the tiny seaside village of cramer , which clung low to the land in an [try] to avoid the rough seas and wild winds that buffeted the coast for what seemed to nora most of the year .

The air was heavy with perfume and the little gold chairs were jammed tightly together in an attempt to seat everyone .
the air was heavy with perfume and the little gold chairs were jammed tightly together in an [try] to seat everyone .

Any attempt to quantify the relative intelligences of species — and even of human beings from different cultural backgrounds — is quite patently misguided : one is trying to apply the same measure to two qualitatively different things .
any [try] to quantify the relative intelligences of species — and even of human beings from different cultural backgrounds — is quite patently misguided : one is trying to apply the same measure to two qualitatively different things .

There are various current theories which attempt to explain the phenomenon of dreaming .
there are various current theories which [try] to explain the phenomenon of dreaming .

In theory at least some neutrinos should react with the chlorine atoms in this mixture as they attempt to pass through it .
in theory at least some neutrinos should react with the chlorine atoms in this mixture as they [try] to pass through it .

This was his fault and he had to do something about it ( first attempt at sabotage ) .
this was his fault and he had to do something about it ( first [try] at sabotage ) .

He chose not to take legal proceedings against his ex-partner and the company was put into liquidation ( second attempt at sabotage ) .
he chose not to take legal proceedings against his ex-partner and the company was put into liquidation ( second [try] at sabotage ) .

He threw his energy into doing what he knew he did well — keeping the customer satisfied ( sabotage attempt number three ) rather than widening his market , putting up his prices and concentrating on how to make more money .
he threw his energy into doing what he knew he did well — keeping the customer satisfied ( sabotage [try] number three ) rather than widening his market , putting up his prices and concentrating on how to make more money .

It can be more difficult to attempt to influence people who know you , because you perceive they have expectations of you .
it can be more difficult to [try] to influence people who know you , because you perceive they have expectations of you .

We use words to give voice to our thoughts and feelings and to attempt to convey them to other people .
we use words to give voice to our thoughts and feelings and to [try] to convey them to other people .

Through talking we attempt to increase understanding , to express some of our needs and hopes , to influence , persuade and motivate others .
through talking we [try] to increase understanding , to express some of our needs and hopes , to influence , persuade and motivate others .

Interviewees may be over-suspicious of the interviewer , waiting to be trapped , and they may read too much into what the interviewer says and does . Sensing this , the unskilled or inexperienced interviewer may attempt to raise his or her overt status by playing any one of a number of roles :
interviewees may be over-suspicious of the interviewer , waiting to be trapped , and they may read too much into what the interviewer says and does . sensing this , the unskilled or inexperienced interviewer may [try] to raise his or her overt status by playing any one of a number of roles :

They keep you talking by asking questions in order to attempt to engage your interest in whatever they are selling .
they keep you talking by asking questions in order to [try] to engage your interest in whatever they are selling .

Seek professional advice if needs be , rather than make a valiant attempt yourself and then regret it .
seek professional advice if needs be , rather than make a valiant [try] yourself and then regret it .

For instance , you could choose a cushion , chair seat or bell pull , though you may wish to make something relatively simple and uncomplicated on your first attempt .
for instance , you could choose a cushion , chair seat or bell pull , though you may wish to make something relatively simple and uncomplicated on your first [try] .

Make two or three tracings of the design to enable you to experiment with various groupings and arrangements , and also to allow for any mistakes you make in cutting , especially on your first attempt .
make two or three tracings of the design to enable you to experiment with various groupings and arrangements , and also to allow for any mistakes you make in cutting , especially on your first [try] .

Bush 's humiliation approached that of George McGovern in 1972 , when he won only two seats in his attempt to oust Richard Nixon .
bush 's humiliation approached that of george mcgovern in 1972 , when he won only two seats in his [try] to oust richard nixon .

‘ You have a desperate attempt by Prince Charles to be the boss .
‘ you have a desperate [try] by prince charles to be the boss .

Dr Trower says Diana 's way of holding her head high shows that she will not be submissive in the face of Charles 's attempt to dominate .
dr trower says diana 's way of holding her head high shows that she will not be submissive in the face of charles 's [try] to dominate .

He is the first doctor in Britain to successfully attempt the three-step microsurgery .
he is the first doctor in britain to successfully [try] the three-step microsurgery .

did drive ( or attempt to drive or was in charge of )
did drive ( or [try] to drive or was in charge of )

‘ did drive ( or attempt to drive or was in charge of ) ’ 'Attempting to drive ' means that there must be an act substantially close to actually driving .
‘ did drive ( or [try] to drive or was in charge of ) ’ 'attempting to drive ' means that there must be an act substantially close to actually driving .

Joseph is instructed to escape to Egypt where they will be safe from Herod , who intends to kill all boys who are two years old and under , in an attempt to be rid of this new so-called king .
joseph is instructed to escape to egypt where they will be safe from herod , who intends to kill all boys who are two years old and under , in an [try] to be rid of this new so-called king .

It would spell disaster in the Christian community to attempt to achieve a pure society in which there were no sinners .
it would spell disaster in the christian community to [try] to achieve a pure society in which there were no sinners .

The third servant made no attempt to use the gold but dug a hole and kept it safe for his master 's return .
the third servant made no [try] to use the gold but dug a hole and kept it safe for his master 's return .

This seems , however , to be a rather weak attempt to soften the harshness of the saying .
this seems , however , to be a rather weak [try] to soften the harshness of the saying .

The Jewish law of separating all those suffering from leprosy from the rest of society was an attempt to stop the spread of contagious disease .
the jewish law of separating all those suffering from leprosy from the rest of society was an [try] to stop the spread of contagious disease .

When people attempt to live like Jesus reconciliation with God can take place .
when people [try] to live like jesus reconciliation with god can take place .

Rather than continuing to attempt to police the whole world , they looked for a tighter unity of the formal Empire .
rather than continuing to [try] to police the whole world , they looked for a tighter unity of the formal empire .

But it was not until war actually broke out that any concerted attempt was made to organize an informed public opinion outside Parliament that would be capable of mounting detailed criticism of and pressure on the Foreign Office .
but it was not until war actually broke out that any concerted [try] was made to organize an informed public opinion outside parliament that would be capable of mounting detailed criticism of and pressure on the foreign office .

The Peace Ballot was the largest and most sustained mobilization ever undertaken by a British peace movement — ‘ an attempt to mobilise Public Opinion on the scale of a General Election , but on a single issue .
the peace ballot was the largest and most sustained mobilization ever undertaken by a british peace movement — ‘ an [try] to mobilise public opinion on the scale of a general election , but on a single issue .

While the peace Ballot held the field among peace activists , Sheppard made no attempt to establish an organization , but in July 1935 the ‘ Sheppard peace Movement ’ was founded , and in May 1936 this became the peace pledge Union .
while the peace ballot held the field among peace activists , sheppard made no [try] to establish an organization , but in july 1935 the ‘ sheppard peace movement ’ was founded , and in may 1936 this became the peace pledge union .

Munich had inspired a last-ditch attempt to bring down Chamberlain and save the peace .
munich had inspired a last-ditch [try] to bring down chamberlain and save the peace .

When the situation became intolerable an attempt might be made to undergird or frap the ship by passing cables under the hull as St Paul describes in the Acts of the Apostles .
when the situation became intolerable an [try] might be made to undergird or frap the ship by passing cables under the hull as st paul describes in the acts of the apostles .

This latest attempt to sort out local taxation has all the hallmarks of another fiasco .
this latest [try] to sort out local taxation has all the hallmarks of another fiasco .

It is too far down this road to attempt a U-turn .
it is too far down this road to [try] a u-turn .

There must be no lecturing to those who are hardest hit and no attempt to suggest that a fuss is being made about nothing .
there must be no lecturing to those who are hardest hit and no [try] to suggest that a fuss is being made about nothing .

The judge in the Matrix Churchill case refused to accept the attempt of four Cabinet ministers , acting on the advice of the Attorney-General , to allow three innocent businessmen to face near-certain imprisonment .
the judge in the matrix churchill case refused to accept the [try] of four cabinet ministers , acting on the advice of the attorney-general , to allow three innocent businessmen to face near-certain imprisonment .

While you should continue to work steadfastly towards your goals , never allowing a sense of defeat to interfere with your long-term ambitions , you must anticipate some devious manoeuvres on the part of others and some strange developments — even a serious attempt to knock you off your perch .
while you should continue to work steadfastly towards your goals , never allowing a sense of defeat to interfere with your long-term ambitions , you must anticipate some devious manoeuvres on the part of others and some strange developments — even a serious [try] to knock you off your perch .

‘ It 's amazing that Barry Norman , a cosy sort of guy , has ruled the roost on British television for 20 years and there has never been a real attempt to displace him before , ’ says cinema historian and Anthony Hopkins biographer Quentin Falk .
‘ it 's amazing that barry norman , a cosy sort of guy , has ruled the roost on british television for 20 years and there has never been a real [try] to displace him before , ’ says cinema historian and anthony hopkins biographer quentin falk .

Four Cabinet Ministers , on the advice of the Attorney-General , signed declarations in an attempt to keep from the court documents which would have cleared the men .
four cabinet ministers , on the advice of the attorney-general , signed declarations in an [try] to keep from the court documents which would have cleared the men .

Yesterday , the great attempt was hanging in the balance .
yesterday , the great [try] was hanging in the balance .

Palace have won just once in the Premier League all season and could not be in worse shape to face Liverpool tonight in the Coca-Cola Cup as they attempt to exorcise the haunting memory of their 9-0 Anfield thrashing in 1989 .
palace have won just once in the premier league all season and could not be in worse shape to face liverpool tonight in the coca-cola cup as they [try] to exorcise the haunting memory of their 9-0 anfield thrashing in 1989 .

And Ipswich travel to Highbury on Boxing Day , followed by a visit from high-flying Blackburn as they attempt to launch their own counter-offensive .
and ipswich travel to highbury on boxing day , followed by a visit from high-flying blackburn as they [try] to launch their own counter-offensive .

Goodison Park manager Howard Kendall has turned to Elland Road 's surplus England international in an attempt to inject some goalscoring potential to his midfield .
goodison park manager howard kendall has turned to elland road 's surplus england international in an [try] to inject some goalscoring potential to his midfield .

Graham refused to run with me after that and in India , as he builds up for his first attempt at the London Marathon next year , he can find some other mug to tramp the streets of Delhi or Bombay with him .
graham refused to run with me after that and in india , as he builds up for his first [try] at the london marathon next year , he can find some other mug to tramp the streets of delhi or bombay with him .

Alex Ferguson 's awkward attempt to steal the hero of the Hillsborough terraces infuriated Francis , and guarantees an interesting reception for United today .
alex ferguson 's awkward [try] to steal the hero of the hillsborough terraces infuriated francis , and guarantees an interesting reception for united today .

But in an attempt to dilute a revolt , Taylor has cancelled plans for a fourth match against Canada .
but in an [try] to dilute a revolt , taylor has cancelled plans for a fourth match against canada .

Now it appears England 's attempt to win backing from the nine countries with Test status by offering a higher bid of £300,000 may also be flawed .
now it appears england 's [try] to win backing from the nine countries with test status by offering a higher bid of £300,000 may also be flawed .

In an attempt to change the direction of the game , Kendall dispensed with the sweeper system he had experimented with — but it was Liverpool , inspired by John Barnes , who increased their command following the break .
in an [try] to change the direction of the game , kendall dispensed with the sweeper system he had experimented with — but it was liverpool , inspired by john barnes , who increased their command following the break .

Newcastle manager Kevin Keegan tried to lure Beardsley back to his native North East earlier this season , but Kendall spurned their attempt for the player he holds up as an example to all professionals .
newcastle manager kevin keegan tried to lure beardsley back to his native north east earlier this season , but kendall spurned their [try] for the player he holds up as an example to all professionals .

The Liverpool manager diplomatically avoided any attempt to bill this encounter as Souness versus Dalglish .
the liverpool manager diplomatically avoided any [try] to bill this encounter as souness versus dalglish .

It will be Porter 's third attempt to win the European title having lost twice to Italian Salvatore Fanni — who Regan beat to become champion .
it will be porter 's third [try] to win the european title having lost twice to italian salvatore fanni — who regan beat to become champion .

And , although this is probably hoping for too much , the by now traditional attempt to pin the blame on the auditors might have been avoided .
and , although this is probably hoping for too much , the by now traditional [try] to pin the blame on the auditors might have been avoided .

‘ Phar-Mor has taken the illogical and outrageous action of suing Coopers in a blatant attempt to twist the truth , avoid responsibilities for their own actions and shift the blame from themselves , ’ said the firm .
‘ phar-mor has taken the illogical and outrageous action of suing coopers in a blatant [try] to twist the truth , avoid responsibilities for their own actions and shift the blame from themselves , ’ said the firm .

An attempt to export the product to Belgium has been more successful than Marlow had anticipated .
an [try] to export the product to belgium has been more successful than marlow had anticipated .

An accountant , in order to stand any chance of a career in corporate finance , must have a good academic record ( 2.1 or better ) at a recognised university ( red brick or Oxbridge ) , must have trained with one of the top accountancy firms , and passed the exams at the first attempt .
an accountant , in order to stand any chance of a career in corporate finance , must have a good academic record ( 2.1 or better ) at a recognised university ( red brick or oxbridge ) , must have trained with one of the top accountancy firms , and passed the exams at the first [try] .

The book represents an attempt to explain the series of unexpected corporate failures over the past few years and why it was that company accounts do not appear to have given adequate warning of what was to happen .
the book represents an [try] to explain the series of unexpected corporate failures over the past few years and why it was that company accounts do not appear to have given adequate warning of what was to happen .

For them , there is a provision in the byelaws that in all appropriate cases the Institute should attempt to resolve complaints by conciliation , arbitration or otherwise .
for them , there is a provision in the byelaws that in all appropriate cases the institute should [try] to resolve complaints by conciliation , arbitration or otherwise .

The judge did not apportion negligence and gave the parties two weeks to attempt mediation .
the judge did not apportion negligence and gave the parties two weeks to [try] mediation .

Greene King failed in its attempt to take over Morland ; it now owns a 29.32% stake in the Thames Valley brewer .
greene king failed in its [try] to take over morland ; it now owns a 29.32% stake in the thames valley brewer .

Kellock has since retitled its service Cashflow Finance in an attempt to overcome this barrier .
kellock has since retitled its service cashflow finance in an [try] to overcome this barrier .

Or will they attempt to funnel more business through their factoring subsidiaries on the grounds that they are better placed than the local branch managers to monitor the banks ' exposure to risk ?
or will they [try] to funnel more business through their factoring subsidiaries on the grounds that they are better placed than the local branch managers to monitor the banks ' exposure to risk ?

Companies themselves are suppliers of credit to their customers with their own credit being limited , and , reacting in the same way as banks , they will also attempt to limit the credit they make available .
companies themselves are suppliers of credit to their customers with their own credit being limited , and , reacting in the same way as banks , they will also [try] to limit the credit they make available .

With the benefit of hindsight , cases are brought against others , including auditors who had connections with the companies , in an attempt to recover maximum damages .
with the benefit of hindsight , cases are brought against others , including auditors who had connections with the companies , in an [try] to recover maximum damages .

At the heart of the Dearing Report 's proposals for a new system for setting accounting standards is an attempt to create a new alliance between accountancy and the law to improve the quality of financial reporting .
at the heart of the dearing report 's proposals for a new system for setting accounting standards is an [try] to create a new alliance between accountancy and the law to improve the quality of financial reporting .

It is a attempt to grasp the higher spiritual truth .
it is a [try] to grasp the higher spiritual truth .

Einstein 's attempt to explain their failure resulted in incorrect assumptions about the nature of space ( although Einstein personally accepted its reality ) .
einstein 's [try] to explain their failure resulted in incorrect assumptions about the nature of space ( although einstein personally accepted its reality ) .

He is involved in radiesthesic soil-testing in an attempt to determine the requirements of the soil for the purpose of restoring balance to elements which act as responsible agents for the propagation of crops .
he is involved in radiesthesic soil-testing in an [try] to determine the requirements of the soil for the purpose of restoring balance to elements which act as responsible agents for the propagation of crops .

What is given here , however , is not a review of the literature nor an attempt to make generalisations about all workers and all managers .
what is given here , however , is not a review of the literature nor an [try] to make generalisations about all workers and all managers .

The evidence is disjointed and sometimes even contradictory , but the essay is an attempt to make sense of aspects of human behaviour in industrial enterprises and to formulate some working hypotheses .
the evidence is disjointed and sometimes even contradictory , but the essay is an [try] to make sense of aspects of human behaviour in industrial enterprises and to formulate some working hypotheses .

The first two can be seen as being derived from history , both shared and private , while the third is an attempt to come to terms with and respond to current realities as they are being experienced .
the first two can be seen as being derived from history , both shared and private , while the third is an [try] to come to terms with and respond to current realities as they are being experienced .

The men in power see this as a menace and attempt to make their position more secure by fighting ; but in doing so they are forced to yield ground because of the losses they incur in decreased production .
the men in power see this as a menace and [try] to make their position more secure by fighting ; but in doing so they are forced to yield ground because of the losses they incur in decreased production .

This ‘ withdrawal ’ — which can be explained as a collective , dignified attempt not to have any truck with the enterprise except on one 's own terms — which an outsider can describe as apathy or schizoid withdrawal — has far-reaching political consequences .
this ‘ withdrawal ’ — which can be explained as a collective , dignified [try] not to have any truck with the enterprise except on one 's own terms — which an outsider can describe as apathy or schizoid withdrawal — has far-reaching political consequences .

The eighteenth-century practice of harsh but selective punishment was condemned as barbaric , and was replaced with an attempt to impose lighter but more certain penalties .
the eighteenth-century practice of harsh but selective punishment was condemned as barbaric , and was replaced with an [try] to impose lighter but more certain penalties .

Some historians now view it as an attempt by the state to exercise more effective though subtle control over the lower classes .
some historians now view it as an [try] by the state to exercise more effective though subtle control over the lower classes .

Another current trend in historical writing in South Asia is to move away from analysis at the local , regional or national levels and instead attempt to trace the linkages between various localities and the wider society , economy and culture .
another current trend in historical writing in south asia is to move away from analysis at the local , regional or national levels and instead [try] to trace the linkages between various localities and the wider society , economy and culture .

No attempt was made at systematic breeding , whereby the weaker bulls were castrated when young .
no [try] was made at systematic breeding , whereby the weaker bulls were castrated when young .

The attempt in the 1890s to turn headmen into policemen in Kurunagala was widely considered a failure , and even officials responsible for the province at the time emphasized the importance of coconut plantations in the decline of cattle theft .
the [try] in the 1890s to turn headmen into policemen in kurunagala was widely considered a failure , and even officials responsible for the province at the time emphasized the importance of coconut plantations in the decline of cattle theft .

Consequently , the enterprise of building an ethic on the imperative ‘ Know ’ could hardly be understood except as an attempt to deduce principles of conduct from the propositions known , vulnerable to standard criticisms of the Naturalistic Fallacy to which we have offered no answer .
consequently , the enterprise of building an ethic on the imperative ‘ know ’ could hardly be understood except as an [try] to deduce principles of conduct from the propositions known , vulnerable to standard criticisms of the naturalistic fallacy to which we have offered no answer .

This is an attempt to loosen up your mind and let it accept alternative ideas .
this is an [try] to loosen up your mind and let it accept alternative ideas .

No attempt should be made to allocate the proceeds of the instrument between that which relates to the liability and any other element .
no [try] should be made to allocate the proceeds of the instrument between that which relates to the liability and any other element .

Two methods of accounting which attempt to address this are ‘ split accounting ’ and ‘ the imputed interest method ’ .
two methods of accounting which [try] to address this are ‘ split accounting ’ and ‘ the imputed interest method ’ .

Officials at Faro Airport said the three-engined plane crashed on its second attempt to land in heavy rain and crosswinds of up to 40mph .
officials at faro airport said the three-engined plane crashed on its second [try] to land in heavy rain and crosswinds of up to 40mph .

The colony 's authorities are privately furious Newall was again able to make an attempt on his life under the noses of his guards .
the colony 's authorities are privately furious newall was again able to make an [try] on his life under the noses of his guards .

Sheriff 's Deputy Mark Ray said Salata had been coming to the secure Polo Club development , where 23-year-old Steffi has a home , at least three times a day for three days in an attempt to see her .
sheriff 's deputy mark ray said salata had been coming to the secure polo club development , where 23-year-old steffi has a home , at least three times a day for three days in an [try] to see her .

Mr Walsh said Mr Bush had shown an ‘ arrogant disdain for the rule of law ’ and called the president 's action a ‘ final attempt to cover up the scandal ’ .
mr walsh said mr bush had shown an ‘ arrogant disdain for the rule of law ’ and called the president 's action a ‘ final [try] to cover up the scandal ’ .

Although they did not reach the top , Harry feels the attempt was no disgrace .
although they did not reach the top , harry feels the [try] was no disgrace .

23 : A-Team in place but high-risk lightweight summit attempt is abandoned due to heavy storm .
23 : a-team in place but high-risk lightweight summit [try] is abandoned due to heavy storm .

In an attempt to sweeten the premier , he praised Mr Major 's , ‘ cool and calm approach ’ to the conflict in the former Yugoslav republic .
in an [try] to sweeten the premier , he praised mr major 's , ‘ cool and calm approach ’ to the conflict in the former yugoslav republic .

The weather was so bad he could not attempt to join the tanker .
the weather was so bad he could not [try] to join the tanker .

Hospital executive David Brown , 32 , could suffer 100 strokes from a 6ft bamboo cane if his attempt to have the ruling reversed fails .
hospital executive david brown , 32 , could suffer 100 strokes from a 6ft bamboo cane if his [try] to have the ruling reversed fails .

Around 80 demonstrators , angered by the Gatt deal , laid stones across a road and set fire to tyres in an attempt to prevent British cars and coaches leaving the port .
around 80 demonstrators , angered by the gatt deal , laid stones across a road and set fire to tyres in an [try] to prevent british cars and coaches leaving the port .

Therefore , attempt eating foods with a good carbohydrate level if you can .
therefore , [try] eating foods with a good carbohydrate level if you can .

When in Rome Simon is said to have encountered St. Peter and in an attempt to gain converts he flew through the air supported by invisible demons .
when in rome simon is said to have encountered st. peter and in an [try] to gain converts he flew through the air supported by invisible demons .

The traditional tale of Earl Warrenne founding the custom in 1209 was a later attempt by establishment writers and the Christian Church to play down the early pagan origin of the custom .
the traditional tale of earl warrenne founding the custom in 1209 was a later [try] by establishment writers and the christian church to play down the early pagan origin of the custom .

‘ So you do n't know Grandfather 's dead ? ’ She made no attempt to break it gently ; her mood was not tactful . ‘ You none of you know how he died in the workhouse and was buried in a pauper 's grave ? ’
‘ so you do n't know grandfather 's dead ? ’ she made no [try] to break it gently ; her mood was not tactful . ‘ you none of you know how he died in the workhouse and was buried in a pauper 's grave ? ’

You may have driven the ball 50 yards downfield , you may have won six rucks in succession , but , on the seventh attempt , if you could not get the ball away , you lose it .
you may have driven the ball 50 yards downfield , you may have won six rucks in succession , but , on the seventh [try] , if you could not get the ball away , you lose it .

However , if players then attempt to hold the ball within the maul , the whistle will be blown .
however , if players then [try] to hold the ball within the maul , the whistle will be blown .

But at about that time that Barnes was beginning an afternoon of goal-kicking misery by bouncing the conversion attempt off an upright , Ubogu was laying in midfield , clutching his head .
but at about that time that barnes was beginning an afternoon of goal-kicking misery by bouncing the conversion [try] off an upright , ubogu was laying in midfield , clutching his head .

What are we to make of these coded messages that go on bombarding us in their attempt to break through ?
what are we to make of these coded messages that go on bombarding us in their [try] to break through ?

The apparent cause was his father 's attempt to force him to go to church .
the apparent cause was his father 's [try] to force him to go to church .

Horrified by his latest intentions , they were perhaps genuinely considering a last-ditch attempt to save him from himself .
horrified by his latest intentions , they were perhaps genuinely considering a last-ditch [try] to save him from himself .

Shortly after these outcries , he pulled out all the stops in an attempt to persuade Theo — who was embroiled in crises of his own and talking of emigrating to America — to join him and become an artist .
shortly after these outcries , he pulled out all the stops in an [try] to persuade theo — who was embroiled in crises of his own and talking of emigrating to america — to join him and become an artist .

Scientists are studying ex-smokers , people with depression , athletes and those recovering from prolonged illness in an attempt to sort out the complicated physical and psychological cues which lead us to crave specific foods .
scientists are studying ex-smokers , people with depression , athletes and those recovering from prolonged illness in an [try] to sort out the complicated physical and psychological cues which lead us to crave specific foods .

Try eating a small amount of a low-fat , high-carbohydrate food before each meal , otherwise you may stuff yourself in a futile attempt to be satiated then eat a rich pudding anyway , since all you really wanted was the carbohydrate .
try eating a small amount of a low-fat , high-carbohydrate food before each meal , otherwise you may stuff yourself in a futile [try] to be satiated then eat a rich pudding anyway , since all you really wanted was the carbohydrate .

However , you should take care not to risk overloading the electrical wiring in the process , and you should certainly not attempt to use photoflood bulbs in ordinary domestic fittings as they not only draw a lot of current but they also run very hot and could possibly cause a fire .
however , you should take care not to risk overloading the electrical wiring in the process , and you should certainly not [try] to use photoflood bulbs in ordinary domestic fittings as they not only draw a lot of current but they also run very hot and could possibly cause a fire .

The Future Development of Auditing , issued by the Auditing Practices Board , is the most important attempt to bridge the expectations gap that has ever been made by the British profession .
the future development of auditing , issued by the auditing practices board , is the most important [try] to bridge the expectations gap that has ever been made by the british profession .

Under the Institute 's standards , for example , training organisations are expected to pay for the students ' first examination attempt .
under the institute 's standards , for example , training organisations are expected to pay for the students ' first examination [try] .

Although the attempt ended in failure , he is not bitter and has continued to devote time to Scottish Institute affairs — unlike some of his other campaign colleagues .
although the [try] ended in failure , he is not bitter and has continued to devote time to scottish institute affairs — unlike some of his other campaign colleagues .

Fraud essentially occurs for two reasons — inherent criminal intent or the resort to deceit and plunder in a vain attempt to salvage a crumbling empire .
fraud essentially occurs for two reasons — inherent criminal intent or the resort to deceit and plunder in a vain [try] to salvage a crumbling empire .

Professional guidance has , perhaps of necessity , made no attempt to provide any form of quantification other than the requirement that the auditor should be reasonably satisfied that the going concern basis is appropriate .
professional guidance has , perhaps of necessity , made no [try] to provide any form of quantification other than the requirement that the auditor should be reasonably satisfied that the going concern basis is appropriate .

He made no attempt to play down Russia 's problems , including ‘ decades of under-investment and wrongly directed investment … industrial dinosaurs that can not easily be slimmed down and taught tricks … huge deficiencies in basic infrastructure , and … some horrendous environmental problems .
he made no [try] to play down russia 's problems , including ‘ decades of under-investment and wrongly directed investment … industrial dinosaurs that can not easily be slimmed down and taught tricks … huge deficiencies in basic infrastructure , and … some horrendous environmental problems .

Uses include private banking , mutual fund investment ( especially for expatriates and internationally mobile people ) , trust planning — in an attempt to avoid forced heirship laws — and asset protection trusts , particularly for the medical profession .
uses include private banking , mutual fund investment ( especially for expatriates and internationally mobile people ) , trust planning — in an [try] to avoid forced heirship laws — and asset protection trusts , particularly for the medical profession .

Their typical approach can be divided into two lines of attack : a challenge to the deductibility of payments to the tax haven , and/or an attempt to bring the haven 's profits within the tax net in the high-tax jurisdiction .
their typical approach can be divided into two lines of attack : a challenge to the deductibility of payments to the tax haven , and/or an [try] to bring the haven 's profits within the tax net in the high-tax jurisdiction .

While some such questions have featured in this examiner 's papers , many of the questions set attempt to test a breadth of knowledge and understanding across the whole financial accounting syllabus .
while some such questions have featured in this examiner 's papers , many of the questions set [try] to test a breadth of knowledge and understanding across the whole financial accounting syllabus .

We never attribute any goodwill to the minority interest ( since they are not a party to the transaction ) nor attempt to extrapolate the group 's goodwill to establish a theoretical goodwill attributable to the minority interest .
we never attribute any goodwill to the minority interest ( since they are not a party to the transaction ) nor [try] to extrapolate the group 's goodwill to establish a theoretical goodwill attributable to the minority interest .

Just as difficult , in many ways , is the attempt to reconstruct the Saxon impact on the daily life of rural Sussex .
just as difficult , in many ways , is the [try] to reconstruct the saxon impact on the daily life of rural sussex .

In that year , the Norwegian Olaf and Swegan the Dane vented their fury on the shire , having been driven back from an attempt on London .
in that year , the norwegian olaf and swegan the dane vented their fury on the shire , having been driven back from an [try] on london .

Typically , it was an attempt to defend access to London rather than the Sussex coastline .
typically , it was an [try] to defend access to london rather than the sussex coastline .

The election of the mayor was usually a popular occasion , and an attempt by the leading citizens to exclude the craftsmen and servants from the ceremonies in 1408 met with a riot which forced the dignitaries to step down .
the election of the mayor was usually a popular occasion , and an [try] by the leading citizens to exclude the craftsmen and servants from the ceremonies in 1408 met with a riot which forced the dignitaries to step down .

Although they had had several centuries to grow into the landscape , they still represented a foreign intrusion for many increasingly xenophobic Englishmen , and the growing attack on their position made little real attempt to differentiate between ‘ good ’ and ‘ bad ’ houses .
although they had had several centuries to grow into the landscape , they still represented a foreign intrusion for many increasingly xenophobic englishmen , and the growing attack on their position made little real [try] to differentiate between ‘ good ’ and ‘ bad ’ houses .

Too many daughters needing dowries or annuities if they remained unmarried could spell disaster , as could an attempt to emulate a life style they could not really afford .
too many daughters needing dowries or annuities if they remained unmarried could spell disaster , as could an [try] to emulate a life style they could not really afford .

More emphatic and repeated was the steady attempt to refine the habits of the lower orders by repressing the more brutal of their popular recreations , an uphill battle in which many Sussex gentry were involved from mid-century onwards .
more emphatic and repeated was the steady [try] to refine the habits of the lower orders by repressing the more brutal of their popular recreations , an uphill battle in which many sussex gentry were involved from mid-century onwards .

By the 1820s this concern for public behaviour had become less an attempt to refine the sensibilities of a ‘ swinish multitude ’ than an increasingly desperate fear of social upheaval produced by major threats to local economic life .
by the 1820s this concern for public behaviour had become less an [try] to refine the sensibilities of a ‘ swinish multitude ’ than an increasingly desperate fear of social upheaval produced by major threats to local economic life .

He then made a botched but ‘ genuine ’ suicide attempt , later telling police he had ‘ killed the only person he had ever loved ’ , Preston Crown Court was told .
he then made a botched but ‘ genuine ’ suicide [try] , later telling police he had ‘ killed the only person he had ever loved ’ , preston crown court was told .

Codemasters ' director David Darling said : ‘ The fact that Sega has chosen to wait to sue until just before our commercial launch shows this is a blatant attempt to keep us from the market they control . ’
codemasters ' director david darling said : ‘ the fact that sega has chosen to wait to sue until just before our commercial launch shows this is a blatant [try] to keep us from the market they control . ’

Two firemen roped themselves together and stripped off their heavy clothing to plunge into the 20ft deep lake in a desperate attempt to rescue the lads .
two firemen roped themselves together and stripped off their heavy clothing to plunge into the 20ft deep lake in a desperate [try] to rescue the lads .

It was an apparent attempt not to highlight the deep rift between herself and her estranged husband Charles on the one day of the year which is symbolic of happy families .
it was an apparent [try] not to highlight the deep rift between herself and her estranged husband charles on the one day of the year which is symbolic of happy families .

Yet Diana 's own attempt to become a cover girl for Vogue by hiring top photographer Patrick Demarchelier was regarded by fashion insiders as disastrous .
yet diana 's own [try] to become a cover girl for vogue by hiring top photographer patrick demarchelier was regarded by fashion insiders as disastrous .

But with the growing homeless problem , ministers admit that the attempt has failed .
but with the growing homeless problem , ministers admit that the [try] has failed .

‘ We have been afraid of an attempt to snatch him back .
‘ we have been afraid of an [try] to snatch him back .

In a desperate attempt to break the news gently to the Overs , Mr Cronje asked police not to visit their home .
in a desperate [try] to break the news gently to the overs , mr cronje asked police not to visit their home .

Applications to fly executive jets were rejected and an attempt to become a government air accident investigator failed .
applications to fly executive jets were rejected and an [try] to become a government air accident investigator failed .

It was the scene of a failed assassination attempt on the royal couple at a charity concert nine years ago .
it was the scene of a failed assassination [try] on the royal couple at a charity concert nine years ago .

The Manchester outrage is a considerable escalation from the terrorists ' last attempt to place bombs in the city almost a year ago to the day .
the manchester outrage is a considerable escalation from the terrorists ' last [try] to place bombs in the city almost a year ago to the day .

An attempt had been made to remove Mrs Smith 's underclothing .
an [try] had been made to remove mrs smith 's underclothing .

Gregory , 20 , denies murdering Marion Rilka , 51 , by slitting her throat in a robbery attempt at her home .
gregory , 20 , denies murdering marion rilka , 51 , by slitting her throat in a robbery [try] at her home .

Hospital executive David Brown , 32 , could suffer 100 strokes from a six foot bamboo cane if his attempt to have the harsh ruling reversed fails .
hospital executive david brown , 32 , could suffer 100 strokes from a six foot bamboo cane if his [try] to have the harsh ruling reversed fails .

Freeze suicide attempt foiled
freeze suicide [try] foiled

In an attempt to patch up the relationship , she and Gilbey fled to Italy with Diana 's brother , Earl Spencer and his wife , Victoria .
in an [try] to patch up the relationship , she and gilbey fled to italy with diana 's brother , earl spencer and his wife , victoria .

In an attempt to patch up the relationship , Lady Alethea and Gilbey fled to Italy .
in an [try] to patch up the relationship , lady alethea and gilbey fled to italy .

In an attempt to patch up the relationship , she and Gilbey fled to Italy with Diana 's brother , Earl Spencer and his wife , Victoria .
in an [try] to patch up the relationship , she and gilbey fled to italy with diana 's brother , earl spencer and his wife , victoria .

To attempt to bring up children in the 1780s and '90s was an unenviable task indeed — yet the number of such children was itself increasing by leaps and bounds .
to [try] to bring up children in the 1780s and '90s was an unenviable task indeed — yet the number of such children was itself increasing by leaps and bounds .

What the country needed , we might say , was a compassionate and caring government , prepared to control the balance between wages and prices , and to attempt to regulate working conditions .
what the country needed , we might say , was a compassionate and caring government , prepared to control the balance between wages and prices , and to [try] to regulate working conditions .

Yet back at Pig Street the diminished family-Charles himself , Elizabeth , Sarah , Mary and young Ben — had plenty to occupy themselves with , apart from a period of mourning and an attempt to keep warm .
yet back at pig street the diminished family-charles himself , elizabeth , sarah , mary and young ben — had plenty to occupy themselves with , apart from a period of mourning and an [try] to keep warm .

If we pause briefly and attempt to list the possible reasons why an individual or a family might have needed parish relief in the late 18th and early 19th centuries — sickness , unemployment , the needs of one-parent families or of orphans or young children , support in times of local or national economic crisis , old age — then we have now found Titfords in every category .
if we pause briefly and [try] to list the possible reasons why an individual or a family might have needed parish relief in the late 18th and early 19th centuries — sickness , unemployment , the needs of one-parent families or of orphans or young children , support in times of local or national economic crisis , old age — then we have now found titfords in every category .

But one of Charles 's achievements was to ensure that all his children who reached adulthood , male or female , could at least sign their names ; his daughter Elizabeth had produced a most business-like signature at her marriage in 1802 and , here at All Hallows , Benjamin signed with a flourish , above the rather more demure attempt of his new wife .
but one of charles 's achievements was to ensure that all his children who reached adulthood , male or female , could at least sign their names ; his daughter elizabeth had produced a most business-like signature at her marriage in 1802 and , here at all hallows , benjamin signed with a flourish , above the rather more demure [try] of his new wife .

The general climate of the times was all too apparent as riots broke out in Spa Fields in London in late 1816 , followed in due course by the March of the Blanketeers , the Pentrich Rebellion in Derbyshire , the Peterloo Massacre and that desperate attempt to kill the entire cabinet known as the Cato Street Conspiracy .
the general climate of the times was all too apparent as riots broke out in spa fields in london in late 1816 , followed in due course by the march of the blanketeers , the pentrich rebellion in derbyshire , the peterloo massacre and that desperate [try] to kill the entire cabinet known as the cato street conspiracy .

Yet Elizabeth had been a widow for over ten years , and her children were very nearly off her hands ; it is quite possible that her brief sojourn in the workhouse was part of an attempt to give her life a new direction and meaning — perhaps she was there as a helper , a visitor , a counsellor to those in need , or even as a missionary spreading the gospel of Christianity in general or that of the Lady Huntingdon 's Connexion in particular .
yet elizabeth had been a widow for over ten years , and her children were very nearly off her hands ; it is quite possible that her brief sojourn in the workhouse was part of an [try] to give her life a new direction and meaning — perhaps she was there as a helper , a visitor , a counsellor to those in need , or even as a missionary spreading the gospel of christianity in general or that of the lady huntingdon 's connexion in particular .

Houston 's Ian Haufield missed a field goal with one second left , but Washington 's Chip Lohmiller sealed victory with a similar attempt from 43 yards .
houston 's ian haufield missed a field goal with one second left , but washington 's chip lohmiller sealed victory with a similar [try] from 43 yards .

Judge Malachy Higgins , releasing Donnelly on continuing bail pending a trial date being fixed , told the accused that part of the bail conditions were that he must not attempt to see Janice Brothers , or speak to her or make any contact with her .
judge malachy higgins , releasing donnelly on continuing bail pending a trial date being fixed , told the accused that part of the bail conditions were that he must not [try] to see janice brothers , or speak to her or make any contact with her .

The attempt to hound companies over a debatable interpretation of one day 's delay shows a particularly nasty form of small-mindedness .
the [try] to hound companies over a debatable interpretation of one day 's delay shows a particularly nasty form of small-mindedness .

In fact , the statement of claim , lodged in the High Court on 1 October , does not attempt to quantify the damages .
in fact , the statement of claim , lodged in the high court on 1 october , does not [try] to quantify the damages .

The Court of Appeal said that the attempt to keep the group afloat by recourse to both companies ' assets was a reasonable commercial judgment in the circumstances and was not unfairly prejudicial .
the court of appeal said that the [try] to keep the group afloat by recourse to both companies ' assets was a reasonable commercial judgment in the circumstances and was not unfairly prejudicial .

An Attempt at Jealousy
an [try] at jealousy

But the Appeal Court ruled that the department was wrong to attempt to use the private law provisions of the Act to remove the abuser rather than the victims .
but the appeal court ruled that the department was wrong to [try] to use the private law provisions of the act to remove the abuser rather than the victims .

Any attempt to dodge this is professionally demeaning and destructive of a trustful caring relationship with the client .
any [try] to dodge this is professionally demeaning and destructive of a trustful caring relationship with the client .

This time the otter does n't attempt to eat the fish in the water , but sets out purposefully for the shore , to disappear out of my view below the bank .
this time the otter does n't [try] to eat the fish in the water , but sets out purposefully for the shore , to disappear out of my view below the bank .

Individuals and small parties join together in the open water outside the kelp beds , where they swim up and down as if trying to get the courage to attempt the last lap .
individuals and small parties join together in the open water outside the kelp beds , where they swim up and down as if trying to get the courage to [try] the last lap .

In semelparous forms , which breed only once , there is often a sudden loss of function after reproduction ; adult mayflies live for less than a week , and male Pacific salmon show catastrophic senescence after their single breeding attempt .
in semelparous forms , which breed only once , there is often a sudden loss of function after reproduction ; adult mayflies live for less than a week , and male pacific salmon show catastrophic senescence after their single breeding [try] .

The very architecture of the building rebuffs any attempt at hoopla .
the very architecture of the building rebuffs any [try] at hoopla .

It means to make a visitor understand how the attempt to annihilate an entire people came to be , and how it was executed .
it means to make a visitor understand how the [try] to annihilate an entire people came to be , and how it was executed .

Rank 's attempt to carve out a niche in the American market failed because his films were too slow and talkative for transatlantic tastes .
rank 's [try] to carve out a niche in the american market failed because his films were too slow and talkative for transatlantic tastes .

But , in an attempt to make it look as if democracy were alive , Iran 's clergy were urged to form political parties .
but , in an [try] to make it look as if democracy were alive , iran 's clergy were urged to form political parties .

Exactly how he intends to do this , and how such an attempt will fit into his strategy to bring inflation under control , remain a mystery .
exactly how he intends to do this , and how such an [try] will fit into his strategy to bring inflation under control , remain a mystery .

Without full control of the central bank , however , any attempt to control subsidised credits to industry , and hence inflation , will remain haphazard at best .
without full control of the central bank , however , any [try] to control subsidised credits to industry , and hence inflation , will remain haphazard at best .

Those in the Kremlin ( which houses the presidential administration ) are pushing for one last attempt at compromise with parliament .
those in the kremlin ( which houses the presidential administration ) are pushing for one last [try] at compromise with parliament .

’ Managers often talk about fundamental re-examinations of their business , but most of the improvements they attempt are incremental .
’ managers often talk about fundamental re-examinations of their business , but most of the improvements they [try] are incremental .

In an attempt to instil accountability , the Bank 's board commissioned an internal study to make crisp proposals on improving the way the Bank is run .
in an [try] to instil accountability , the bank 's board commissioned an internal study to make crisp proposals on improving the way the bank is run .

The worst aspect of Maastricht was its rushed attempt to suppress the effects of the end of the cold war , rather than take them on board .
the worst aspect of maastricht was its rushed [try] to suppress the effects of the end of the cold war , rather than take them on board .

On stage and screen the attempt goes on to understand this end-of-the-century plague .
on stage and screen the [try] goes on to understand this end-of-the-century plague .

She prefaces her book with an attempt to sum up the whole hideous story .
she prefaces her book with an [try] to sum up the whole hideous story .

In an attempt to divert money from China , the Taiwanese government is getting involved in developing an export-processing zone in Subic Bay , the former American base in the Philippines .
in an [try] to divert money from china , the taiwanese government is getting involved in developing an export-processing zone in subic bay , the former american base in the philippines .

He was accorded this title in March at a meeting in Islamabad of nine warring factions called by Pakistan in an attempt to bring peace to the country .
he was accorded this title in march at a meeting in islamabad of nine warring factions called by pakistan in an [try] to bring peace to the country .

The government 's previous attempt at land reform , shortly after independence , was not regarded as a success .
the government 's previous [try] at land reform , shortly after independence , was not regarded as a success .

Any attempt to apply the Vance-Owen plan , with or without Serb assent , will take money and troops .
any [try] to apply the vance-owen plan , with or without serb assent , will take money and troops .

Until the catastrophe in Anatolia in 1922 , the great idea pulled them eastward , in an attempt to recapture the glory , and some of the lands , that had been Byzantium .
until the catastrophe in anatolia in 1922 , the great idea pulled them eastward , in an [try] to recapture the glory , and some of the lands , that had been byzantium .

The attempt failed .
the [try] failed .

Any realistic attempt to improve prison conditions must take full account of two pivotal aspects of the prison system , namely population and capacity .
any realistic [try] to improve prison conditions must take full account of two pivotal aspects of the prison system , namely population and capacity .

Normally , the ‘ vocational ’ jobs , which carried slightly higher wages , were given only to men serving over two years , and the Superintendent stated that little attempt was made to ‘ rehabilitate ’ those sentenced to less .
normally , the ‘ vocational ’ jobs , which carried slightly higher wages , were given only to men serving over two years , and the superintendent stated that little [try] was made to ‘ rehabilitate ’ those sentenced to less .

There is an attempt to involve the families in improving life in prisons and there are ‘ Family Councils ’ attached to each prison with the right to make proposals on education programmes , living conditions and on ways to resolve problems within prisons .
there is an [try] to involve the families in improving life in prisons and there are ‘ family councils ’ attached to each prison with the right to make proposals on education programmes , living conditions and on ways to resolve problems within prisons .

This volume is an attempt to review both the achievements of the Council and its impact upon the next quarter-century .
this volume is an [try] to review both the achievements of the council and its impact upon the next quarter-century .

For some , the Council was no more than a prudent but much misunderstood attempt to update a few relatively minor matters .
for some , the council was no more than a prudent but much misunderstood [try] to update a few relatively minor matters .

Despite an undoubted attempt to enlarge rather than curtail the sphere of effective papal control — an attempt that on the surface at least succeeded again and again in particular areas from Holland to Brazil — the wider agenda was seldom set in Rome .
despite an undoubted [try] to enlarge rather than curtail the sphere of effective papal control — an [try] that on the surface at least succeeded again and again in particular areas from holland to brazil — the wider agenda was seldom set in rome .

None the less , an attempt on 20 November to reject the schema failed , though narrowly — possibly because of the way the proposal was framed .
none the less , an [try] on 20 november to reject the schema failed , though narrowly — possibly because of the way the proposal was framed .

Cardinal Suenens 's attempt to call a vote to test attitudes in the hall occasioned a crisis between the moderators ( chairmen ) , the four presidents , and the secretary general , Archbishop Felici , who threatened to resign .
cardinal suenens 's [try] to call a vote to test attitudes in the hall occasioned a crisis between the moderators ( chairmen ) , the four presidents , and the secretary general , archbishop felici , who threatened to resign .

Should they attempt to influence the bishops , Archbishop Felici warned them on the first day of the new session , they would lose their privileges , a threat that caused considerable resentment as much among the fathers as among their advisers .
should they [try] to influence the bishops , archbishop felici warned them on the first day of the new session , they would lose their privileges , a threat that caused considerable resentment as much among the fathers as among their advisers .

If Beccaria 's fault was brevity , then Bentham 's was immense , often boring , detail ( as exhibited , for example , in his celebrated attempt to specify all possible pains and pleasures ) .
if beccaria 's fault was brevity , then bentham 's was immense , often boring , detail ( as exhibited , for example , in his celebrated [try] to specify all possible pains and pleasures ) .

Neoclassicism represented , at least in part , a conscious attempt by reformers to put into practice Beccaria 's ideas about the administration of criminal justice .
neoclassicism represented , at least in part , a conscious [try] by reformers to put into practice beccaria 's ideas about the administration of criminal justice .

Beccaria 's attempt to avoid considerations of responsibility and desert must be regarded as something of a failure .
beccaria 's [try] to avoid considerations of responsibility and desert must be regarded as something of a failure .

Beccaria 's attempt to avoid the issue while retaining the conception of tree will was , perhaps , asking for trouble .
beccaria 's [try] to avoid the issue while retaining the conception of tree will was , perhaps , asking for trouble .

There is a considerable number of textbooks which provide a run-through of positivist research findings and theories and it is not the intention to attempt yet another one here .
there is a considerable number of textbooks which provide a run-through of positivist research findings and theories and it is not the intention to [try] yet another one here .

The positivist attempt to disengage itself from legal conceptions of crime and the operations of legal processes generally , clearly marked it off from classical criminology . Jeffery ( 1960 , pp. 367–8 ) draws an interesting conclusion from this , which echoes one of our concerns in the last chapter :
the positivist [try] to disengage itself from legal conceptions of crime and the operations of legal processes generally , clearly marked it off from classical criminology . jeffery ( 1960 , pp. 367–8 ) draws an interesting conclusion from this , which echoes one of our concerns in the last chapter :

As such , of course , it fails to the extent that the attempt to establish the differentiation fails .
as such , of course , it fails to the extent that the [try] to establish the differentiation fails .

This chapter is an attempt to sort these various pro- and anti-classical elements in to some kind of order .
this chapter is an [try] to sort these various pro- and anti-classical elements in to some kind of order .

Rather , it treats them as ‘ given ’ , in the sense that it is seen as neither plausible nor fruitful to attempt a causal explanation of them .
rather , it treats them as ‘ given ’ , in the sense that it is seen as neither plausible nor fruitful to [try] a causal explanation of them .

Robins and Cohen ( 1978 ) provide the sad and honest tale of an attempt to work with and politicise working-class youths in a working-class area of London .
robins and cohen ( 1978 ) provide the sad and honest tale of an [try] to work with and politicise working-class youths in a working-class area of london .

The determinist position , with its assumption that the complexity of causes is at least potentially discoverable , avoids such arbitrary cut-off points and fires researchers continually to attempt to improve their predictive effectiveness ( a point made by Hook , cited , but not heeded , by Matza , 1964 , pp .
the determinist position , with its assumption that the complexity of causes is at least potentially discoverable , avoids such arbitrary cut-off points and fires researchers continually to [try] to improve their predictive effectiveness ( a point made by hook , cited , but not heeded , by matza , 1964 , pp .

Second , crime is accepted to be a legal category — no attempt is being made to propose , as we saw some positivists tried to do , that we can arrive at some more objective conception that stands above the acts of human deliberation that constitute the process of legal definition .
second , crime is accepted to be a legal category — no [try] is being made to propose , as we saw some positivists tried to do , that we can arrive at some more objective conception that stands above the acts of human deliberation that constitute the process of legal definition .

Any attempt to specify these incentives and disincentives would seem to get us back to something very much like the attempt to specify all possible human pleasures and pains which , as was mentioned in Chapter 1 , was one of Bentham 's less successful utilitarian ventures .
any [try] to specify these incentives and disincentives would seem to get us back to something very much like the [try] to specify all possible human pleasures and pains which , as was mentioned in chapter 1 , was one of bentham 's less successful utilitarian ventures .

These problems also obviously apply to the attempt about to be made here .
these problems also obviously apply to the [try] about to be made here .

Consequently , agencies of control always operate by threatening to withdraw or actually withdrawing the satisfaction of these needs , in an attempt to redress the balance .
consequently , agencies of control always operate by threatening to withdraw or actually withdrawing the satisfaction of these needs , in an [try] to redress the balance .

The denial of autonomy — in the form of imprisonment — is also one of the principle weapons used in the formal penal apparatus to attempt to control crime .
the denial of autonomy — in the form of imprisonment — is also one of the principle weapons used in the formal penal apparatus to [try] to control crime .

But as Matza 's quotation makes clear , its absence can be felt regardless of any formal attempt to withdraw it .
but as matza 's quotation makes clear , its absence can be felt regardless of any formal [try] to withdraw it .

The criminal justice system , of course , now recognises this even more than it recognises our need for autonomy : monetary penalties are by far the most common form of penalty that it uses in its attempt to control crime .
the criminal justice system , of course , now recognises this even more than it recognises our need for autonomy : monetary penalties are by far the most common form of penalty that it uses in its [try] to control crime .

She added that any attempt to restrict the availability of parents could have a detrimental effect on children .
she added that any [try] to restrict the availability of parents could have a detrimental effect on children .

Another attempt at Reconciliation could n't be planned overnight , and if the next mid-summer went unused , the Imajica would pass another two centuries divided .
another [try] at reconciliation could n't be planned overnight , and if the next mid-summer went unused , the imajica would pass another two centuries divided .

No , ’ he protested , making no attempt to disengage Gentle 's hold .
no , ’ he protested , making no [try] to disengage gentle 's hold .

The Tower reputedly housed a library of treatises , grimoires , cyclopaedias and symposia second to none , collected by Roxborough and the group of Fifth Dominion magi who 'd first supported the attempt at the Reconciliation .
the tower reputedly housed a library of treatises , grimoires , cyclopaedias and symposia second to none , collected by roxborough and the group of fifth dominion magi who 'd first supported the [try] at the reconciliation .

The seduction that had followed had been both a homage and a revenge ; an attempt to control someone who exercised an authority over him that defied analysis .
the seduction that had followed had been both a homage and a revenge ; an [try] to control someone who exercised an authority over him that defied analysis .

Twice his quarry threw him backward glances , and on the second occasion seemed to slow his pace , as if he might stop and attempt a truce , but then thought better of it and put on an extra turn of speed .
twice his quarry threw him backward glances , and on the second occasion seemed to slow his pace , as if he might stop and [try] a truce , but then thought better of it and put on an extra turn of speed .

The attempt to launch new London evening papers reflected an enduring belief that the capital ought to be able to support more than one .
the [try] to launch new london evening papers reflected an enduring belief that the capital ought to be able to support more than one .

News on Sunday was an earnest attempt in 1987 to establish a popular radical paper , backed by trade unions and Labour controlled local authorities .
news on sunday was an earnest [try] in 1987 to establish a popular radical paper , backed by trade unions and labour controlled local authorities .

Reaffirming the principle of non-interference in the internal affairs of a sovereign state , they condemned the attempt to use human rights as a condition for development aid .
reaffirming the principle of non-interference in the internal affairs of a sovereign state , they condemned the [try] to use human rights as a condition for development aid .

The 1980s saw a pre-planned , sustained and ever-increasing harassment of the minorities in the valley — an attempt at ethnic cleansing by the fundamentalist muslims .
the 1980s saw a pre-planned , sustained and ever-increasing harassment of the minorities in the valley — an [try] at ethnic cleansing by the fundamentalist muslims .

In an attempt to break with the past , he says he wants a grand realignment of the left .
in an [try] to break with the past , he says he wants a grand realignment of the left .

In an attempt to pre-empt the banking-reform referendum , the Bank of Italy and the Treasury rushed a bill through the Senate in March .
in an [try] to pre-empt the banking-reform referendum , the bank of italy and the treasury rushed a bill through the senate in march .

For example , New York 's firemen oppose any attempt at flexible rostering ; they commonly stand by for duty over a 48-hour period each week , and then moonlight on other days .
for example , new york 's firemen oppose any [try] at flexible rostering ; they commonly stand by for duty over a 48-hour period each week , and then moonlight on other days .

His previous attempt failed when four members resigned in protest at parliament 's refusal to lift the immunity of Bettino Craxi , a former Socialist leader widely suspected of involvement in corruption .
his previous [try] failed when four members resigned in protest at parliament 's refusal to lift the immunity of bettino craxi , a former socialist leader widely suspected of involvement in corruption .

In these scenes where characters attempt to break out of their proper medium , the audience or reader should feel a sense of impropriety or disorder , as if some basic law were being denied .
in these scenes where characters [try] to break out of their proper medium , the audience or reader should feel a sense of impropriety or disorder , as if some basic law were being denied .

That is , the reader is absorbed into the experience , does not stand outside it . In the sonnets involving the Dark Lady , however , with their tortuous triangular structure , the reader does stand apart , watching the poet 's attempt to come to terms with deception and exclusion :
that is , the reader is absorbed into the experience , does not stand outside it . in the sonnets involving the dark lady , however , with their tortuous triangular structure , the reader does stand apart , watching the poet 's [try] to come to terms with deception and exclusion :

The I-Thou relationship in these poems is poisoned by the Friend 's behaviour , so it follows that the Poet 's attempt to excuse it degrades himself still further .
the i-thou relationship in these poems is poisoned by the friend 's behaviour , so it follows that the poet 's [try] to excuse it degrades himself still further .

They , for their part , attempt to justify their actions to each other , hypocrisy apparently continuing by habit , having become a way of life ( since there is no one on-stage whom they need to deceive , perhaps they have come to believe their own lies ) : The truth is transparent , however ; indeed , when Gloucester reports that the king is leaving , Goneril says , ‘ My Lord , entreat him by no means to stay ’ ( 301 ) .
they , for their part , [try] to justify their actions to each other , hypocrisy apparently continuing by habit , having become a way of life ( since there is no one on-stage whom they need to deceive , perhaps they have come to believe their own lies ) : the truth is transparent , however ; indeed , when gloucester reports that the king is leaving , goneril says , ‘ my lord , entreat him by no means to stay ’ ( 301 ) .

Despite Citrine 's attempt to settle this issue by firmly rejecting the proposal , this organisational option still had many advocates within the industry whose views were to surface in later years .
despite citrine 's [try] to settle this issue by firmly rejecting the proposal , this organisational option still had many advocates within the industry whose views were to surface in later years .

The one Minister with the political courage and economic sense to attempt to alleviate this situation by using the price mechanism selectively was Hugh Gaitskell .
the one minister with the political courage and economic sense to [try] to alleviate this situation by using the price mechanism selectively was hugh gaitskell .

In the following years discussions continued between the officers at the Boards and at headquarters in an attempt to sort out a practical level of detail which preserved the Authority 's control over general policy and coordination , while reserving clearly local matters to the Area Boards .
in the following years discussions continued between the officers at the boards and at headquarters in an [try] to sort out a practical level of detail which preserved the authority 's control over general policy and coordination , while reserving clearly local matters to the area boards .

They were doing their best to restrict peak growth , but neither the Central Authority nor the Government , they argued , should attempt , for short-term reasons , to blunt the commercial edge of the industry .
they were doing their best to restrict peak growth , but neither the central authority nor the government , they argued , should [try] , for short-term reasons , to blunt the commercial edge of the industry .

We have seen the deep resentment of the chairmen at Gaitskell 's imposition of the Clow differential , which was an attempt to create a pricing structure which reflected the higher winter peak costs ( pp .
we have seen the deep resentment of the chairmen at gaitskell 's imposition of the clow differential , which was an [try] to create a pricing structure which reflected the higher winter peak costs ( pp .

In fact , as Mr Shultz points out repeatedly , few people pushed harder for serious talks with the Soviet government , and none was more earnest in the attempt to abolish nuclear weapons .
in fact , as mr shultz points out repeatedly , few people pushed harder for serious talks with the soviet government , and none was more earnest in the [try] to abolish nuclear weapons .

His suggestion that his intervention persuaded the Khmers Rouges not to disrupt the voting may be an attempt to give himself some importance .
his suggestion that his intervention persuaded the khmers rouges not to disrupt the voting may be an [try] to give himself some importance .

His attempt to extend the CBoT 's reach to New York by proposing a takeover to the Commodity Exchange , New York 's precious-metals futures market , fell apart last month when Comex members sensibly declined the deal .
his [try] to extend the cbot 's reach to new york by proposing a takeover to the commodity exchange , new york 's precious-metals futures market , fell apart last month when comex members sensibly declined the deal .

The more that governments raise the costs of legitimate waste disposal , in an attempt to impose on polluters the true costs of their activities , the greater will be the price difference between lawful and illegal disposal — and the greater the incentive to dump waste in the most environmentally harmful way .
the more that governments raise the costs of legitimate waste disposal , in an [try] to impose on polluters the true costs of their activities , the greater will be the price difference between lawful and illegal disposal — and the greater the incentive to dump waste in the most environmentally harmful way .

Most ominous of all , 54.5 % would even support the use of force to resist a government attempt to evacuate settlers .
most ominous of all , 54.5 % would even support the use of force to resist a government [try] to evacuate settlers .

The attempt to replace coca with other crops has had only limited success , despite large aid programmes by America and the United Nations .
the [try] to replace coca with other crops has had only limited success , despite large aid programmes by america and the united nations .

Politicians , however , were quite capable of making any assistance look somewhat larger than life and thus attempt to reap the last ounce of voter gratitude for their services .
politicians , however , were quite capable of making any assistance look somewhat larger than life and thus [try] to reap the last ounce of voter gratitude for their services .

Christie , so adept at getting the aid of Administration for his own business , knew exactly where to look for help , and approached Lord Ilay through his deputy , Lord Milton , and without any attempt to bargain simply asked for an appointment for his son , promising that it would ‘ forever laye me under the deepest obligationes ’ .
christie , so adept at getting the aid of administration for his own business , knew exactly where to look for help , and approached lord ilay through his deputy , lord milton , and without any [try] to bargain simply asked for an appointment for his son , promising that it would ‘ forever laye me under the deepest obligationes ’ .

It was , moreover , generally a patronage source for government itself , and no ordinary burgh or county member of parliament would have much concern with it , though George Dempster of Dunnichen , when member of parliament for the Dundee district , thought it worth his while to attempt an approach to Lord Cassillis , who had the right of presentation to the chair of humanity in the University of St. Andrews , to seek that appointment for political advantage .
it was , moreover , generally a patronage source for government itself , and no ordinary burgh or county member of parliament would have much concern with it , though george dempster of dunnichen , when member of parliament for the dundee district , thought it worth his while to [try] an approach to lord cassillis , who had the right of presentation to the chair of humanity in the university of st. andrews , to seek that appointment for political advantage .

When one political interest was dominant in a county , the politician could attempt to carry matters with a high hand , as Colonel John Campbell of Mamore did in 1727 , when a dispute arose over the collectorship of Dunbartonshire .
when one political interest was dominant in a county , the politician could [try] to carry matters with a high hand , as colonel john campbell of mamore did in 1727 , when a dispute arose over the collectorship of dunbartonshire .

Stirling of Craigbarnet , an impoverished member of an important regional family , was the first to solicit support for his attempt to displace Kirkton , and Craigbarnet and his relatives were friends of the Montrose political interest and therefore dangerous to offend .
stirling of craigbarnet , an impoverished member of an important regional family , was the first to solicit support for his [try] to displace kirkton , and craigbarnet and his relatives were friends of the montrose political interest and therefore dangerous to offend .

One political response to this has been to attempt to reinforce the role of the family as the primary carer , and to identify why some families appear throughout generations to be unable to solve their problems without recourse to public assistance .
one political response to this has been to [try] to reinforce the role of the family as the primary carer , and to identify why some families appear throughout generations to be unable to solve their problems without recourse to public assistance .

Our research revealed that a significant number of such admissions were , in fact , perceived by the parents as a direct result of their requesting help , and that in such cases the parents actually welcomed the care order as an attempt to meet the needs of their children .
our research revealed that a significant number of such admissions were , in fact , perceived by the parents as a direct result of their requesting help , and that in such cases the parents actually welcomed the care order as an [try] to meet the needs of their children .

An attempt is now made to summarise the major areas of disagreement or difference of emphasis , under the following nine headings :
an [try] is now made to summarise the major areas of disagreement or difference of emphasis , under the following nine headings :

Only a lightly sketched attempt is made here to place the ‘ kinship defenders ’ and the ‘ society-as-parent protagonists ’ in the context of broader viewpoints and sets of values ; a thorough analysis could be a very lengthy exercise .
only a lightly sketched [try] is made here to place the ‘ kinship defenders ’ and the ‘ society-as-parent protagonists ’ in the context of broader viewpoints and sets of values ; a thorough analysis could be a very lengthy exercise .

It is possible too for some adopters to attempt to improve their self-image if they believe , perhaps subconsciously , that ‘ having a black child in the family confirms our self-worth because they are much less than we are ’ .
it is possible too for some adopters to [try] to improve their self-image if they believe , perhaps subconsciously , that ‘ having a black child in the family confirms our self-worth because they are much less than we are ’ .

The black culture will have a significant , if not dominant , place in your family perspective because every other influence will be portraying and reinforcing the white culture — hence a token attempt with a few books and the occasional embarrassed conversation will not combat it .
the black culture will have a significant , if not dominant , place in your family perspective because every other influence will be portraying and reinforcing the white culture — hence a token [try] with a few books and the occasional embarrassed conversation will not combat it .

Shared Action Planning ( Brechin and Swain , 1986 , 1987 ) is an attempt to take up this challenge .
shared action planning ( brechin and swain , 1986 , 1987 ) is an [try] to take up this challenge .

One attempt at fostering would not have sufficed and now , no doubt , more attempts would be made .
one [try] at fostering would not have sufficed and now , no doubt , more attempts would be made .

In this chapter , then , the term ‘ permissiveness ’ is subjected to further critical scrutiny , and an attempt is made to isolate those ‘ factors ’ or characteristics that are most usually invoked by moral entrepreneurs in their discussions of the ‘ permissive society ’ .
in this chapter , then , the term ‘ permissiveness ’ is subjected to further critical scrutiny , and an [try] is made to isolate those ‘ factors ’ or characteristics that are most usually invoked by moral entrepreneurs in their discussions of the ‘ permissive society ’ .

The coercive approach to moral reform , however , seeks either to change the law , or at least , to invoke legal sanctions in its attempt to reaffirm the status attached to a particular social group or class .
the coercive approach to moral reform , however , seeks either to change the law , or at least , to invoke legal sanctions in its [try] to reaffirm the status attached to a particular social group or class .

Indeed , an attempt at reform had been tried in 1977 and failed .
indeed , an [try] at reform had been tried in 1977 and failed .

Unless a deliberate attempt is to be made by society , acting through the agency of the law , to equate the sphere of crime with that of sin , there must remain a realm , a sphere of private morality and immorality which is , in brief and crude terms , not the law 's business .
unless a deliberate [try] is to be made by society , acting through the agency of the law , to equate the sphere of crime with that of sin , there must remain a realm , a sphere of private morality and immorality which is , in brief and crude terms , not the law 's business .

Hence a rare attempt by the white right to end its chronic divisions .
hence a rare [try] by the white right to end its chronic divisions .

Mr de Klerk has responded to the formation of the Volksfront by denouncing the participation of the ex-generals as an attempt to politicise the security forces .
mr de klerk has responded to the formation of the volksfront by denouncing the participation of the ex-generals as an [try] to politicise the security forces .

Georgi Khizha was one of three industrialists brought into government in May 1992 as part of an attempt to buy off conservative opposition to the reformist government of Yegor Gaidar .
georgi khizha was one of three industrialists brought into government in may 1992 as part of an [try] to buy off conservative opposition to the reformist government of yegor gaidar .

New equity issues have been suspended in Japan since the spring of 1990 , in an attempt to prevent new supply from depressing prices further .
new equity issues have been suspended in japan since the spring of 1990 , in an [try] to prevent new supply from depressing prices further .

‘ It 's my job ’ , is her prompt response to any attempt to take over tasks she wants to do herself .
‘ it 's my job ’ , is her prompt response to any [try] to take over tasks she wants to do herself .

The middle school which both her older boys attended was a long walk from her home and made little or no attempt to involve parents .
the middle school which both her older boys attended was a long walk from her home and made little or no [try] to involve parents .

He had been on the periphery of a large class and little attempt was being made to involve him in what was going on .
he had been on the periphery of a large class and little [try] was being made to involve him in what was going on .

From the perspectives of both professionals and parents the attempt to build a cooperative framework directed towards meeting John 's needs had broken down .
from the perspectives of both professionals and parents the [try] to build a cooperative framework directed towards meeting john 's needs had broken down .

’ Hawkins made no attempt to conceal his surprise .
’ hawkins made no [try] to conceal his surprise .

To attempt such change you need an accurate sense of what opportunities and risks are involved .
to [try] such change you need an accurate sense of what opportunities and risks are involved .

We shall see how stress arises as people attempt to cope with the undermining of self-confidence and self-esteem that ensues .
we shall see how stress arises as people [try] to cope with the undermining of self-confidence and self-esteem that ensues .

Paradoxically it is the pressure created by the enormous guilt , and by the doomed attempt to deal with it , that builds tension to the point where it is more likely to explode into real physical abuse .
paradoxically it is the pressure created by the enormous guilt , and by the doomed [try] to deal with it , that builds tension to the point where it is more likely to explode into real physical abuse .

Doubt and ambivalence are transmuted into clarity and certainty , and any attempt to reintroduce complexity into the debate is rejected as ‘ mere nitpicking ’ or ‘ a deliberate attempt to muddy the issue ’ .
doubt and ambivalence are transmuted into clarity and certainty , and any [try] to reintroduce complexity into the debate is rejected as ‘ mere nitpicking ’ or ‘ a deliberate [try] to muddy the issue ’ .

Lugano makes attempt to compensate for losing best of the Thyssen collection
lugano makes [try] to compensate for losing best of the thyssen collection

He remembered in particular a long and mawkish poem he had written when his father died : an attempt to create emotions that had n't existed .
he remembered in particular a long and mawkish poem he had written when his father died : an [try] to create emotions that had n't existed .

He came over to shake my hand , but had the kindness and tact not to attempt to help his employer 's slow progress .
he came over to shake my hand , but had the kindness and tact not to [try] to help his employer 's slow progress .

Do not make any attempt to try and ‘ knit ’ with this yarn , will you ?
do not make any [try] to try and ‘ knit ’ with this yarn , will you ?

If the material will take pressing then press the whole length and block it out to its finished dimensions well before you attempt any cutting .
if the material will take pressing then press the whole length and block it out to its finished dimensions well before you [try] any cutting .

The second step in my attempt to show that an affirmative answer to the question , ‘ Are there logical conditions of something 's looking blue to someone ? ’ is warranted , is to identify perceived-as appearances with would-be beliefs .
the second step in my [try] to show that an affirmative answer to the question , ‘ are there logical conditions of something 's looking blue to someone ? ’ is warranted , is to identify perceived-as appearances with would-be beliefs .

Meanwhile , it was agreed that he and the king should send another joint mission to Rome to attempt to reach a final conclusion .
meanwhile , it was agreed that he and the king should send another joint mission to rome to [try] to reach a final conclusion .

The future lay with minds of a different type — minds which saw that government was a matter of administration , and not an attempt to reproduce on earth a pattern of things laid up in Heaven .
the future lay with minds of a different type — minds which saw that government was a matter of administration , and not an [try] to reproduce on earth a pattern of things laid up in heaven .

Critics say the plan represents a flawed , ‘ image-above-all-else ’ , attempt by the Ministry to beef up the Prado 's revenue-generating potential , and thereby reduce State support .
critics say the plan represents a flawed , ‘ image-above-all-else ’ , [try] by the ministry to beef up the prado 's revenue-generating potential , and thereby reduce state support .

Sadly little attempt to discuss Eakins work in terms of nineteenth-century Realism or its American philosophical context — an attempt to compare him with Whitman is not fully argued — but the remarks on his Quaker background are telling .
sadly little [try] to discuss eakins work in terms of nineteenth-century realism or its american philosophical context — an [try] to compare him with whitman is not fully argued — but the remarks on his quaker background are telling .

The space will charge an admission fee , unlike the galleries in the surrounding neighbourhood , and it will attempt to assemble a membership entitling guests to special privileges in the four-story , 30,000-square-foot site .
the space will charge an admission fee , unlike the galleries in the surrounding neighbourhood , and it will [try] to assemble a membership entitling guests to special privileges in the four-story , 30,000-square-foot site .

Drawing on the style of Russian avant-garde work the collages attempt to convey the struggle of the sitters ' lives , using grey and blue wrapping paper with scraps of black and red card and silver foil .
drawing on the style of russian avant-garde work the collages [try] to convey the struggle of the sitters ' lives , using grey and blue wrapping paper with scraps of black and red card and silver foil .

This would not appear to be a wimpish attempt to curry favour with the new bosses , but rather an indication of these affable dudes getting their priorities right .
this would not appear to be a wimpish [try] to curry favour with the new bosses , but rather an indication of these affable dudes getting their priorities right .

But for every example of an imaginative triumph over adversity — Roderigo 's ill-fated attempt to murder Cassio was staged in a bath-house for want of the necessary costumes — there are half a dozen examples of night scenes clearly shot in broad daylight , choppy scene transitions , and poorly recorded dialogue that drains Shakespeare 's lines of much of their beauty and meaning .
but for every example of an imaginative triumph over adversity — roderigo 's ill-fated [try] to murder cassio was staged in a bath-house for want of the necessary costumes — there are half a dozen examples of night scenes clearly shot in broad daylight , choppy scene transitions , and poorly recorded dialogue that drains shakespeare 's lines of much of their beauty and meaning .

There is , however , still time to capture one last attempt to use the genre to articulate rage and frustration , The Post Yelverton being the man .
there is , however , still time to capture one last [try] to use the genre to articulate rage and frustration , the post yelverton being the man .

The school of Tolkien , if one may so describe it , was an attempt to throw on the brakes : to rediscover a national and personal selfhood by discovering the roots of faith .
the school of tolkien , if one may so describe it , was an [try] to throw on the brakes : to rediscover a national and personal selfhood by discovering the roots of faith .

Nobody , he once remarked , believed him when he said it was an attempt to create a world in which a language agreeable to his own private aesthetic might be made to seem real , and even his childhood seems to have been enlivened by inventing as well as learning remote languages .
nobody , he once remarked , believed him when he said it was an [try] to create a world in which a language agreeable to his own private aesthetic might be made to seem real , and even his childhood seems to have been enlivened by inventing as well as learning remote languages .

Realism is radical because any purposive attempt to change the world depends on a conviction that it can be described , even that it has been described ; and it is the chosen task of realism to describe .
realism is radical because any purposive [try] to change the world depends on a conviction that it can be described , even that it has been described ; and it is the chosen task of realism to describe .

In 1973 the Fauna and Flora Preservation Society of London sponsored a comprehensive survey of the Asian elephant , one of the most important aspects of which was an attempt to take a census of the population still remaining in the wild .
in 1973 the fauna and flora preservation society of london sponsored a comprehensive survey of the asian elephant , one of the most important aspects of which was an [try] to take a census of the population still remaining in the wild .

The attempt was not a success .
the [try] was not a success .

The conclusion was that it would be better to destroy the larger animals humanely than to attempt to move them to a safer place .
the conclusion was that it would be better to destroy the larger animals humanely than to [try] to move them to a safer place .

Such schemes were an attempt to accommodate the desire of many older people to continue in at least part-time work and to find new ways of continuing the older tradition of gradual transition from full-time work to full retirement .
such schemes were an [try] to accommodate the desire of many older people to continue in at least part-time work and to find new ways of continuing the older tradition of gradual transition from full-time work to full retirement .

By the beginning of the 1960s the government had given up the attempt to encourage employers to take special note of the needs of older workers .
by the beginning of the 1960s the government had given up the [try] to encourage employers to take special note of the needs of older workers .

Any attempt to determine either the direction of or the reason for changes in economic status must look at these four factors separately .
any [try] to determine either the direction of or the reason for changes in economic status must look at these four factors separately .

This expansion of the role of the state has variously been interpreted as a functional response to old age incapacity , an indication of the growing humanity of welfare capitalism , or , by radical analysts , as part of a deliberate attempt to reconcile elderly people to a status of dependency .
this expansion of the role of the state has variously been interpreted as a functional response to old age incapacity , an indication of the growing humanity of welfare capitalism , or , by radical analysts , as part of a deliberate [try] to reconcile elderly people to a status of dependency .

Bray has always been proud of its association with Dargan and the weekend seminar which has been organised by the Council is an attempt to honour this great man and it is hoped that it will become an annual event .
bray has always been proud of its association with dargan and the weekend seminar which has been organised by the council is an [try] to honour this great man and it is hoped that it will become an annual event .

The sergeant continued : ‘ But then Mr Hamilton found the valuable guns missing from Taigh na Tuir , and he reported that , with the story of your attempt to get into the house last Wednesday night .
the sergeant continued : ‘ but then mr hamilton found the valuable guns missing from taigh na tuir , and he reported that , with the story of your [try] to get into the house last wednesday night .

One was the American Eagle Andy Dujakovich who set a new aquaplane world record when he slid , in a curtain of spray , from just inside his own half past the opposition 10 metre line in an attempt to swoop on an errant Puma .
one was the american eagle andy dujakovich who set a new aquaplane world record when he slid , in a curtain of spray , from just inside his own half past the opposition 10 metre line in an [try] to swoop on an errant puma .

In an attempt to rid the game of endless scrums , pushover tries etc .
in an [try] to rid the game of endless scrums , pushover tries etc .

Now , we have to attempt to compete internationally , with a stimulating junior programme , as exists in other corners of the world .
now , we have to [try] to compete internationally , with a stimulating junior programme , as exists in other corners of the world .

It is an attempt , perhaps a rather naive attempt , to apply information theory to decoration .
it is an [try] , perhaps a rather naive [try] , to apply information theory to decoration .

‘ American art in the twentieth century ’ , the fourth in a series of exhibitions which attempt to define national schools of modern and contemporary art , opens in Berlin next month .
‘ american art in the twentieth century ’ , the fourth in a series of exhibitions which [try] to define national schools of modern and contemporary art , opens in berlin next month .

Inevitably , this attempt to define the most powerful school of art since the war is going to lead to fierce arguments .
inevitably , this [try] to define the most powerful school of art since the war is going to lead to fierce arguments .

Fuchs wanted to solve his finance problems by selling off two Picassos in order to set up an endowment fund : the attempt was foiled although it resulted in a healthy debate about de-accessioning in Dutch museums .
fuchs wanted to solve his finance problems by selling off two picassos in order to set up an endowment fund : the [try] was foiled although it resulted in a healthy debate about de-accessioning in dutch museums .

Mr Fuchs 's champions say that he made no attempt to hide the financial problems that had arisen during his previous post when he was employed by The Hague .
mr fuchs 's champions say that he made no [try] to hide the financial problems that had arisen during his previous post when he was employed by the hague .

He blames the current problems on a lack of clear leadership , leading to a policy dilemma : ‘ On the one hand there was the desire to concentrate on the museum 's own collections , and on the other there was the attempt to become part of the dynamic international art scene ’ .
he blames the current problems on a lack of clear leadership , leading to a policy dilemma : ‘ on the one hand there was the desire to concentrate on the museum 's own collections , and on the other there was the [try] to become part of the dynamic international art scene ’ .

An attempt was also made to take the vacuum pump body , but its weight and bulk seemed to defeat the thief , who nevertheless hid it in nearby bushes .
an [try] was also made to take the vacuum pump body , but its weight and bulk seemed to defeat the thief , who nevertheless hid it in nearby bushes .

Joni used much more solid underpainting on which the flesh tones would be laid — convincing proof of a recent attempt at fifteenth-century painting .
joni used much more solid underpainting on which the flesh tones would be laid — convincing proof of a recent [try] at fifteenth-century painting .

The other major attempt at economic cooperation , albeit much less ambitious , took place in Northern Europe .
the other major [try] at economic cooperation , albeit much less ambitious , took place in northern europe .

With the failure of these discussions on economic union the Nordic states were left with the limited form of cooperation to which they had agreed in 1946 , and also with Uniscan , a loose , consultative structure they had entered into , albeit reluctantly , with Britain under the latter 's urging , but one which would involve little more than a multilateral attempt at coordinating economic policies .
with the failure of these discussions on economic union the nordic states were left with the limited form of cooperation to which they had agreed in 1946 , and also with uniscan , a loose , consultative structure they had entered into , albeit reluctantly , with britain under the latter 's urging , but one which would involve little more than a multilateral [try] at coordinating economic policies .

It was paralleled as an executive by a Special Council of Ministers which , while bound in some important respects by High Authority decisions , could nevertheless attempt to moderate the supranationalism of the latter .
it was paralleled as an executive by a special council of ministers which , while bound in some important respects by high authority decisions , could nevertheless [try] to moderate the supranationalism of the latter .

With all these aircraft begging to be looked at , one would think that it would be impossible to attempt to see everything that Oshkosh has to offer , not so ! With a not overlong flying display that runs from 2pm in the afternoon until 6pm in the evening , plenty of time is available to roam among the aircraft parks and view whatever is the viewer 's fancy .
with all these aircraft begging to be looked at , one would think that it would be impossible to [try] to see everything that oshkosh has to offer , not so ! with a not overlong flying display that runs from 2pm in the afternoon until 6pm in the evening , plenty of time is available to roam among the aircraft parks and view whatever is the viewer 's fancy .

Mercifully , there was no proposal to attempt landing an aircraft by the same means , but rather it was envisaged that rough landing strips could be constructed adjacent to the launcher .
mercifully , there was no proposal to [try] landing an aircraft by the same means , but rather it was envisaged that rough landing strips could be constructed adjacent to the launcher .

On the night of April 27/28 , 1942 , a force of 31 Halifaxes from 10 , 35 and 76 Squadrons and 12 Lancasters from 44 and 97 Squadrons flew up Faetten Fjord in a desperate attempt to inflict damage or sink the Tirpitz .
on the night of april 27/28 , 1942 , a force of 31 halifaxes from 10 , 35 and 76 squadrons and 12 lancasters from 44 and 97 squadrons flew up faetten fjord in a desperate [try] to inflict damage or sink the tirpitz .

This was an attempt to increase the lever arm on which the rudder worked , to make directional control with one engine out far easier for the pilot .
this was an [try] to increase the lever arm on which the rudder worked , to make directional control with one engine out far easier for the pilot .

They decided to attempt the Australia to England record on the return journey , and left Melbourne in fine weather on October 6 .
they decided to [try] the australia to england record on the return journey , and left melbourne in fine weather on october 6 .

In an attempt to recharge the battery , Wood started the port engine , which powered the generator , but radio contact still proved impossible .
in an [try] to recharge the battery , wood started the port engine , which powered the generator , but radio contact still proved impossible .

At 11.15am they gave up the attempt , and as the tide was rising over the reef , decided to seek the help of the fishermen in the lagoon .
at 11.15am they gave up the [try] , and as the tide was rising over the reef , decided to seek the help of the fishermen in the lagoon .

He knew of the coup attempt of seven weeks earlier and he had heard the rumour that nine Air Force officers had been put to death .
he knew of the coup [try] of seven weeks earlier and he had heard the rumour that nine air force officers had been put to death .

He was told of Dr Tariq 's passage throughout the offices and laboratories , his attempt to steady the morale of the Germans , the Austrians and of two more Italians and of a Swede .
he was told of dr tariq 's passage throughout the offices and laboratories , his [try] to steady the morale of the germans , the austrians and of two more italians and of a swede .

He had witnessed the death by hanging of two members of the Al Daawa al Islamiya who were believed connected with the attempt on the life of the Chairman .
he had witnessed the death by hanging of two members of the al daawa al islamiya who were believed connected with the [try] on the life of the chairman .

This paper is also translucent , so a new sheet can be put over a previous attempt and the work can then be repeated with modifications by tracing through .
this paper is also translucent , so a new sheet can be put over a previous [try] and the work can then be repeated with modifications by tracing through .

My first attempt was a portrait study of a child done from life ; an impossible subject to do directly in paint and not so easy even as a simple drawing .
my first [try] was a portrait study of a child done from life ; an impossible subject to do directly in paint and not so easy even as a simple drawing .

Venables , 37 , with Brian Davison , aged 30 , and veteran British mountaineer Dick Renshaw , set out to attempt the 6,368 peak .
venables , 37 , with brian davison , aged 30 , and veteran british mountaineer dick renshaw , set out to [try] the 6,368 peak .

The first attempt on the buttress was delayed for two days because of bad weather , and it took a total of five days to climb the feature , which included a band of loose rock at the base , and reconnoitre the south ridge to the start of a large rock pillar at about 5,900 metres .
the first [try] on the buttress was delayed for two days because of bad weather , and it took a total of five days to climb the feature , which included a band of loose rock at the base , and reconnoitre the south ridge to the start of a large rock pillar at about 5,900 metres .

The first attempt was abandoned in perfect weather when Davison fell ill and found it difficult to see .
the first [try] was abandoned in perfect weather when davison fell ill and found it difficult to see .

Following two days ' rest Venables and Renshaw set off for a final attempt taking a more direct line , avoiding sections of 70 degree snow and ice by passages of rock and mixed climbing .
following two days ' rest venables and renshaw set off for a final [try] taking a more direct line , avoiding sections of 70 degree snow and ice by passages of rock and mixed climbing .

Frustrating equipment failures forced Victor and His partner Steve Sustad to abort their summit attempt on a 24,000 feet high unclimbed peak in the Karakoram last year . This is the story of their danger-filled retreat
frustrating equipment failures forced victor and his partner steve sustad to abort their summit [try] on a 24,000 feet high unclimbed peak in the karakoram last year . this is the story of their danger-filled retreat

Neither system caught on , but with a new series of Scottish guidebooks on the way , a two-tier winter grade incorporating both ideas has been suggested in an attempt to resolve the problem .
neither system caught on , but with a new series of scottish guidebooks on the way , a two-tier winter grade incorporating both ideas has been suggested in an [try] to resolve the problem .

Project Work is the first attempt to bring together in a coherent way the wealth of information available on this topic .
project work is the first [try] to bring together in a coherent way the wealth of information available on this topic .

In an attempt to redress some of this balance , FlyPast has undertaken the compiling of what is believed to be the most comprehensive list of surviving World War Two Japanese aircraft yet published .
in an [try] to redress some of this balance , flypast has undertaken the compiling of what is believed to be the most comprehensive list of surviving world war two japanese aircraft yet published .

In addition to the epic flight described here , James Sadler is remembered particularly for his daring but abortive , attempt to cross the Irish Sea from Dublin to England in October 1812 .
in addition to the epic flight described here , james sadler is remembered particularly for his daring but abortive , [try] to cross the irish sea from dublin to england in october 1812 .

‘ The fourth aircraft dropped outside the Harbour in an attempt to run a torpedo through the breakwater but failed to see the result .
‘ the fourth aircraft dropped outside the harbour in an [try] to run a torpedo through the breakwater but failed to see the result .

Any attempt to use the scriptures to vindicate the slave trade was thus bound to provoke energetic efforts by abolitionists to controvert the arguments ; failure to do so would have yielded an authority to the pro-slave trade position by sacrificing one of the main ways religious reformers had of grasping the essential spirit of the Christian moral order .
any [try] to use the scriptures to vindicate the slave trade was thus bound to provoke energetic efforts by abolitionists to controvert the arguments ; failure to do so would have yielded an authority to the pro-slave trade position by sacrificing one of the main ways religious reformers had of grasping the essential spirit of the christian moral order .

By 1831 the attempt to portray antislavery in parliament as an exercise in abstract moralism was absent .
by 1831 the [try] to portray antislavery in parliament as an exercise in abstract moralism was absent .

The idea of an underlying providential moral or natural order which the earthly order of things should attempt to express , it may be supposed , demonstrated the need for change while offering security and assurance about its legitimacy .
the idea of an underlying providential moral or natural order which the earthly order of things should [try] to express , it may be supposed , demonstrated the need for change while offering security and assurance about its legitimacy .

To attempt to commit candidates to a position at elections was therefore to challenge the main working assumptions of the system .
to [try] to commit candidates to a position at elections was therefore to challenge the main working assumptions of the system .

One interpretation of the intermittent energy which Joseph Sturge put into the free produce movement in the 1840s is that it constituted an attempt by a Friend who had launched out into public and even political life to maintain links with more traditionally quietist brethren who none the less looked for greater perfection in the world .
one interpretation of the intermittent energy which joseph sturge put into the free produce movement in the 1840s is that it constituted an [try] by a friend who had launched out into public and even political life to maintain links with more traditionally quietist brethren who none the less looked for greater perfection in the world .

Ultimately , it would attempt to find its basis elsewhere — in rational proofs of the reality of God , in the ( assumed ) self-evident truth of ethical and religious principles , in the spontaneity with which religion in diverse forms arises in human communities .
ultimately , it would [try] to find its basis elsewhere — in rational proofs of the reality of god , in the ( assumed ) self-evident truth of ethical and religious principles , in the spontaneity with which religion in diverse forms arises in human communities .

At the same time , the conflict between reason and natural religion on the one hand , and faith and authoritative revelation on the other , opened up an area in which theology had to listen to both sides , to learn from both , and to attempt to find its own way without necessarily falling into either of the sharply polarised alternatives .
at the same time , the conflict between reason and natural religion on the one hand , and faith and authoritative revelation on the other , opened up an area in which theology had to listen to both sides , to learn from both , and to [try] to find its own way without necessarily falling into either of the sharply polarised alternatives .

We run into immense difficulties as soon as we attempt to project our minds any distance at all above or beyond the area of our concrete experience , for then our reasoning and arguing can not be properly controlled .
we run into immense difficulties as soon as we [try] to project our minds any distance at all above or beyond the area of our concrete experience , for then our reasoning and arguing can not be properly controlled .

It led Hume to be extremely sceptical of the kind of jump that is made when we attempt to argue from the existence of the world to the reality of God beyond the world .
it led hume to be extremely sceptical of the kind of jump that is made when we [try] to argue from the existence of the world to the reality of god beyond the world .

This combination of an insistence on the relativity of history and an attempt to express the significance of Jesus in terms which appeal to something more universal than the concrete particular person of Jesus himself was indeed widely characteristic of much nineteenth-century thought .
this combination of an insistence on the relativity of history and an [try] to express the significance of jesus in terms which appeal to something more universal than the concrete particular person of jesus himself was indeed widely characteristic of much nineteenth-century thought .

In resisting rationalism he risks emphasising paradox to the point where it can seem sheerly irrational ; his insistence on the otherness of God and the sinfulness of man , and his fondness for some of the more arbitrary-seeming accounts of God in the stories of Abraham and Job , leave much too little place for a positive grasp of grace and mercy , goodness and love , though he does attempt to give them place ; his stress upon the centrality of the incarnation of God in Jesus commonly seems to reduce to the bare repetition of the claim that Jesus was also , paradoxically , God , but not fully to work through the implications and purpose of this identification of God with man ; his bitter attacks upon ‘ Christendom ’ in his latter years reveal rather too much of the solitary individualist who has little sense of the nature of community .
in resisting rationalism he risks emphasising paradox to the point where it can seem sheerly irrational ; his insistence on the otherness of god and the sinfulness of man , and his fondness for some of the more arbitrary-seeming accounts of god in the stories of abraham and job , leave much too little place for a positive grasp of grace and mercy , goodness and love , though he does [try] to give them place ; his stress upon the centrality of the incarnation of god in jesus commonly seems to reduce to the bare repetition of the claim that jesus was also , paradoxically , god , but not fully to work through the implications and purpose of this identification of god with man ; his bitter attacks upon ‘ christendom ’ in his latter years reveal rather too much of the solitary individualist who has little sense of the nature of community .

His own answer to it was in some ways remarkably similar to those he attacked , for it added up to this : historical study can not bring Jesus down to our own time ; rather , it reveals his strangeness to us , and he loses all colour and significance if we attempt to tear him out of his own historical and religious setting in late Judaism .
his own answer to it was in some ways remarkably similar to those he attacked , for it added up to this : historical study can not bring jesus down to our own time ; rather , it reveals his strangeness to us , and he loses all colour and significance if we [try] to tear him out of his own historical and religious setting in late judaism .

Like Schleiermacher , Coleridge rejected any attempt to prove the truth of religion by appeal to rational , philosophical proofs : this seemed to him completely to miss the character of faith , which he described as having to do , not with theory , but with life .
like schleiermacher , coleridge rejected any [try] to prove the truth of religion by appeal to rational , philosophical proofs : this seemed to him completely to miss the character of faith , which he described as having to do , not with theory , but with life .

He did however attempt in his Sermons Chiefly on the Theory of Religious Belief ( 1843 ) and The Grammar of Assent ( 1870 ) an analysis of the nature of religious belief which shows some affinity with Coleridge , and includes Newman 's own original idea of the ‘ illative sense ’ by which we find it possible to proceed through probabilities to certitude ; and in his celebrated Essay on the Development of Christian Doctrine ( 1878 ) struggled with the problem of change and continuity in the expression of Christian faith down through the centuries in a fashion which has helped many others to grasp something of the questions , if not in most cases to accept his answers .
he did however [try] in his sermons chiefly on the theory of religious belief ( 1843 ) and the grammar of assent ( 1870 ) an analysis of the nature of religious belief which shows some affinity with coleridge , and includes newman 's own original idea of the ‘ illative sense ’ by which we find it possible to proceed through probabilities to certitude ; and in his celebrated essay on the development of christian doctrine ( 1878 ) struggled with the problem of change and continuity in the expression of christian faith down through the centuries in a fashion which has helped many others to grasp something of the questions , if not in most cases to accept his answers .

The nineteenth century brought a new kind of search for the basis and foundation of theology itself ; a fresh attempt to bring human awareness and experience into the centre of theological study ; the forging of more specialised techniques for the literary and historical study of the Bible , techniques whose application helped to raise what were often felt to be disturbing and challenging questions about its meaning and relevance as well as about the standing and authority of established Christian doctrines ; and the sharp new question whether Christian theology itself ought not to be subsumed under some more general study of religion and religions .
the nineteenth century brought a new kind of search for the basis and foundation of theology itself ; a fresh [try] to bring human awareness and experience into the centre of theological study ; the forging of more specialised techniques for the literary and historical study of the bible , techniques whose application helped to raise what were often felt to be disturbing and challenging questions about its meaning and relevance as well as about the standing and authority of established christian doctrines ; and the sharp new question whether christian theology itself ought not to be subsumed under some more general study of religion and religions .

His active opposition to the Nazis , the leading part that he played in the Kirchenkampf , the struggle against the Nazi attempt to take over the German Evangelical Church , and his refusal to take the oath of loyalty to Hitler , led to his dismissal from Bonn in 1935 .
his active opposition to the nazis , the leading part that he played in the kirchenkampf , the struggle against the nazi [try] to take over the german evangelical church , and his refusal to take the oath of loyalty to hitler , led to his dismissal from bonn in 1935 .

This positive conviction carried with it the rejection of any attempt to compromise with other sources , authorities or norms , or to establish theology itself on any other foundation .
this positive conviction carried with it the rejection of any [try] to compromise with other sources , authorities or norms , or to establish theology itself on any other foundation .

Is his work , to put it at its bluntest , a throwback to an age long past , a magnificent but doomed attempt to breathe life into fossils ?
is his work , to put it at its bluntest , a throwback to an age long past , a magnificent but doomed [try] to breathe life into fossils ?

The best way is to decorate it with the materials found in nature , and attempt to soften the overall box shape .
the best way is to decorate it with the materials found in nature , and [try] to soften the overall box shape .

We have seen the problems facing these mutations in the natural habitat , but in captivity their chances are far higher , because some fishkeepers find them interesting and attractive , and attempt to propagate them .
we have seen the problems facing these mutations in the natural habitat , but in captivity their chances are far higher , because some fishkeepers find them interesting and attractive , and [try] to propagate them .

The fish tend to spawn all around the same time and pay attention to their own broods — equally the parents will see off any attempt by another pair to eat their brood .
the fish tend to spawn all around the same time and pay attention to their own broods — equally the parents will see off any [try] by another pair to eat their brood .

There was the matter of box-office takings and in essence the drive for respectability was part of the attempt to build up larger audiences .
there was the matter of box-office takings and in essence the drive for respectability was part of the [try] to build up larger audiences .

They were all too aware of the renewed public campaign for further film censorship but their only response to that was to deplore Hollywood 's all too obviously hasty attempt to wrap its gangster and other city films up in some kind of moral message .
they were all too aware of the renewed public campaign for further film censorship but their only response to that was to deplore hollywood 's all too obviously hasty [try] to wrap its gangster and other city films up in some kind of moral message .

The studio could see that labour-management relations were not a suitable theme for feature films and no attempt was ever made to repeat this particular experiment .
the studio could see that labour-management relations were not a suitable theme for feature films and no [try] was ever made to repeat this particular experiment .

Tylor , a 19th-century anthropologist , also studied sign language in an attempt to understand the nature of human communication and its origins :
tylor , a 19th-century anthropologist , also studied sign language in an [try] to understand the nature of human communication and its origins :

One by-product of regarding sign languages as mutually unintelligible has been the attempt to create an international , artificial sign language , similar in aim to Esperanto .
one by-product of regarding sign languages as mutually unintelligible has been the [try] to create an international , artificial sign language , similar in aim to esperanto .

In an attempt to identify the component skills and abilities necessary for an interpreter to be regarded as ‘ good ’ , Brasel , Montanelli and Quigley ( 1974 ) asked interpreters and deaf people to rate features of their abilities .
in an [try] to identify the component skills and abilities necessary for an interpreter to be regarded as ‘ good ’ , brasel , montanelli and quigley ( 1974 ) asked interpreters and deaf people to rate features of their abilities .

This is perhaps the most fundamental principle of sign systems : no matter how much they are able to draw from a sign language they attempt to match their production to the spoken language which is produced simultaneously .
this is perhaps the most fundamental principle of sign systems : no matter how much they are able to draw from a sign language they [try] to match their production to the spoken language which is produced simultaneously .

This adds greater pressure to the bilingual setting , but is the first real attempt to consider the implications of bilingualism for deaf children .
this adds greater pressure to the bilingual setting , but is the first real [try] to consider the implications of bilingualism for deaf children .

This casement window was badly rotted , and its ground floor location and reasonable size made it an ideal subject for first attempt
this casement window was badly rotted , and its ground floor location and reasonable size made it an ideal subject for first [try]

Finally , if you have a problem with hire equipment , do not attempt to repair it .
finally , if you have a problem with hire equipment , do not [try] to repair it .

Attempt ‘ heroic ’ rescues only as a last resort .
[try] ‘ heroic ’ rescues only as a last resort .

The new phrases were not so much an indication of the desire to con firm that a revolution in our attitude to young children and their learning had happened , but an attempt to proclaim it .
the new phrases were not so much an indication of the desire to con firm that a revolution in our attitude to young children and their learning had happened , but an [try] to proclaim it .

It would be wrong , however , to think that Callaghan 's speech was dreamed up on the spur of the moment , in an attempt to steal some of the educational clothes of his political opponents .
it would be wrong , however , to think that callaghan 's speech was dreamed up on the spur of the moment , in an [try] to steal some of the educational clothes of his political opponents .

The development of a curriculum which inculcates in children respect for cultures different from their own is surely worthwhile , as is an attempt to correct misconceptions about the role of women in society .
the development of a curriculum which inculcates in children respect for cultures different from their own is surely worthwhile , as is an [try] to correct misconceptions about the role of women in society .

Seven year olds struggle with the four rules in one lesson and cave dwellers in the next , while their eleven-year-old brothers and sisters attempt to master fractions , area and the Victorians .
seven year olds struggle with the four rules in one lesson and cave dwellers in the next , while their eleven-year-old brothers and sisters [try] to master fractions , area and the victorians .

Even now , in the late 1980s , schools continue to attempt to bridge the cultural gap which exists between races .
even now , in the late 1980s , schools continue to [try] to bridge the cultural gap which exists between races .

This approach contravenes currently fashionable Human Factors methodology that there should be a formal attempt to carry out man-machine allocation .
this approach contravenes currently fashionable human factors methodology that there should be a formal [try] to carry out man-machine allocation .

Implicit in the attempt to complete a systematic man-machine function allocation is the principle that some trade-off is possible .
implicit in the [try] to complete a systematic man-machine function allocation is the principle that some trade-off is possible .

Skills analysis is an attempt to get at what is going on in the operator 's mind .
skills analysis is an [try] to get at what is going on in the operator 's mind .

The first does attempt to obtain a value , the second remains essentially a cost and not a value .
the first does [try] to obtain a value , the second remains essentially a cost and not a value .

Indeed any attempt to relate them prematurely to reality may restrict the development of the model .
indeed any [try] to relate them prematurely to reality may restrict the development of the model .

The best known attempt to provide a comprehensive structure of human abilities is that due to Guilford ( 1967 ) .
the best known [try] to provide a comprehensive structure of human abilities is that due to guilford ( 1967 ) .

For example , the attempt in the past thirty years to incorporate more divergent factors changes the emphasis towards inductive and creative abilities .
for example , the [try] in the past thirty years to incorporate more divergent factors changes the emphasis towards inductive and creative abilities .

The deliberate attempt to link learning to the design of instruction provided the necessary discipline to treat learning as a practical as well as a theoretical issue .
the deliberate [try] to link learning to the design of instruction provided the necessary discipline to treat learning as a practical as well as a theoretical issue .

Thomas and Harri-Augstein ( 1985 ) attempt a more autonomous approach to learning in two senses .
thomas and harri-augstein ( 1985 ) [try] a more autonomous approach to learning in two senses .

This is another example of the way in which the attempt to standardise human performance can negate the purpose of study .
this is another example of the way in which the [try] to standardise human performance can negate the purpose of study .

The work of Piaget ( 1950 ) and Chomsky ( 1957 ) is essentially about thinking and language or psycholinguistics , but these authors did not concern themselves with the level of problem which arises when , for example , a physiologist and a psychologist attempt to exchange mutually supportive ideas .
the work of piaget ( 1950 ) and chomsky ( 1957 ) is essentially about thinking and language or psycholinguistics , but these authors did not concern themselves with the level of problem which arises when , for example , a physiologist and a psychologist [try] to exchange mutually supportive ideas .

Education is the ultimate form of skill training where no attempt is made to specify the particular purposes for which the skills might be utilised .
education is the ultimate form of skill training where no [try] is made to specify the particular purposes for which the skills might be utilised .

For the highest level jobs a whole country or even an international community might be considered , but in European countries most workers attempt to find jobs which do not require either moving house or excessive travelling , and such proximity has corresponding advantages for the potential employers .
for the highest level jobs a whole country or even an international community might be considered , but in european countries most workers [try] to find jobs which do not require either moving house or excessive travelling , and such proximity has corresponding advantages for the potential employers .

The attempt is structured in terms of an historical overview of blacks ' attachments to sport , starting the analysis in the eighteenth century and seeking to document the social sources behind the enduring link .
the [try] is structured in terms of an historical overview of blacks ' attachments to sport , starting the analysis in the eighteenth century and seeking to document the social sources behind the enduring link .

Sixteen thousand people watched an astonishing scene as Johnson was knocked to the canvas in the twenty-sixth round and made no attempt to regain his feet , merely shielding his eyes from the sun .
sixteen thousand people watched an astonishing scene as johnson was knocked to the canvas in the twenty-sixth round and made no [try] to regain his feet , merely shielding his eyes from the sun .

For two years , he persevered in an attempt to regain the title but was outpointed by Carl ‘ Bobo ’ Olsen in October 1953 .
for two years , he persevered in an [try] to regain the title but was outpointed by carl ‘ bobo ’ olsen in october 1953 .

That was in 1977 and Hope had to wait two years before making his second attempt .
that was in 1977 and hope had to wait two years before making his second [try] .

Now , although he ignores many of Malina 's suggested causes for these differences , Martin Kane uses his evidence to support what is , without doubt , the most exhaustive attempt to find some biological foundation for theories purporting to explain blacks ' natural ability . It is instructive to preface an exposition of the theory with Kane 's somewhat ingenuous comment on the ancestors of modern blacks :
now , although he ignores many of malina 's suggested causes for these differences , martin kane uses his evidence to support what is , without doubt , the most exhaustive [try] to find some biological foundation for theories purporting to explain blacks ' natural ability . it is instructive to preface an exposition of the theory with kane 's somewhat ingenuous comment on the ancestors of modern blacks :

The attempt was not to take a sample of the total black population , but of the minority of sportsmen of proven excellence .
the [try] was not to take a sample of the total black population , but of the minority of sportsmen of proven excellence .

What these examples illustrate is an attempt by black sportsmen to convey an impression of themselves as cool : they like people to believe they are always relaxed and unflustered .
what these examples illustrate is an [try] by black sportsmen to convey an impression of themselves as cool : they like people to believe they are always relaxed and unflustered .

What effect would a deliberate attempt to change this image have ?
what effect would a deliberate [try] to change this image have ?

Perhaps science teachers should not attempt to cover their subjects so comprehensively .
perhaps science teachers should not [try] to cover their subjects so comprehensively .

Moving from what is expected of the education system , the next three articles look at aspects of the circumstances in which schools attempt to meet these aims .
moving from what is expected of the education system , the next three articles look at aspects of the circumstances in which schools [try] to meet these aims .

The Indian presence in far flung outposts of the Empire , for example , from Malaysia to East Africa , can only be understood in this context , and it is important to note that a tradition of emigration from Jamaica had already developed in the nineteenth century , with 2,000 Jamaicans migrating to build railways in Panama , followed by well over 80,000 who went to work on the first attempt at constructing the Panama Canal in the 1880s .
the indian presence in far flung outposts of the empire , for example , from malaysia to east africa , can only be understood in this context , and it is important to note that a tradition of emigration from jamaica had already developed in the nineteenth century , with 2,000 jamaicans migrating to build railways in panama , followed by well over 80,000 who went to work on the first [try] at constructing the panama canal in the 1880s .

Initially , an attempt was made to fill the labour shortages by allowing over 100,000 Poles to stay on in Britain and by encouraging immigration from other European countries , but soon it was felt necessary to look to other sources of cheap labour , and immigration from the Caribbean and the Indian sub-continent was encouraged .
initially , an [try] was made to fill the labour shortages by allowing over 100,000 poles to stay on in britain and by encouraging immigration from other european countries , but soon it was felt necessary to look to other sources of cheap labour , and immigration from the caribbean and the indian sub-continent was encouraged .

The probable significance of all this is that it is mistaken to attempt to generalize about employers ' attitudes to young workers .
the probable significance of all this is that it is mistaken to [try] to generalize about employers ' attitudes to young workers .

Similarly , prospective employees know better than to rely on landscaping or other signals put out by employers and attempt , instead , to find out the inside story from their contacts .
similarly , prospective employees know better than to rely on landscaping or other signals put out by employers and [try] , instead , to find out the inside story from their contacts .

After Power Behind the Throne , the powers-that-be in Middenheim might well send the adventurers off to Castle Drachenfels in an attempt to get them out of the way — if they should chance to die in the Castle , their embarrassing knowledge will die with them .
after power behind the throne , the powers-that-be in middenheim might well send the adventurers off to castle drachenfels in an [try] to get them out of the way — if they should chance to die in the castle , their embarrassing knowledge will die with them .

The Wizard Kaster Dreckspatz of Altdorf lies still in the Great Hospice of Frederheim after one attempt to breach the walls .
the wizard kaster dreckspatz of altdorf lies still in the great hospice of frederheim after one [try] to breach the walls .

Unless there is dire reason to attempt its destruction , Castle Drachenfels must be left to stand where it is .
unless there is dire reason to [try] its destruction , castle drachenfels must be left to stand where it is .

If any Ogre is reduced to 3 Wounds or below , it must make a Ld test or attempt to flee .
if any ogre is reduced to 3 wounds or below , it must make a ld test or [try] to flee .

These are the remains of unfortunate wretches driven to kill themselves in a futile attempt to escape the torments of the Castle .
these are the remains of unfortunate wretches driven to kill themselves in a futile [try] to escape the torments of the castle .

The first time the adventurers make any attempt to break it , tell them that the figure of Khorne appears to move in the frame and the eyes of the god appear to be turned on them .
the first time the adventurers make any [try] to break it , tell them that the figure of khorne appears to move in the frame and the eyes of the god appear to be turned on them .

If they make a second attempt , have a Bloodletter arrive and attack them .
if they make a second [try] , have a bloodletter arrive and attack them .

There are two ways in which the adventurers might attempt this ; physically or magically .
there are two ways in which the adventurers might [try] this ; physically or magically .

However , as soon as any attempt is made to open it , it speaks sonorously , saying ‘ You are n't allowed in here .
however , as soon as any [try] is made to open it , it speaks sonorously , saying ‘ you are n't allowed in here .

Only one attempt per day can be made to so learn a spell .
only one [try] per day can be made to so learn a spell .

The third chest has a slightly decayed , but permanent , Magic Lock on it , such that an attempt at mechanical lock-picking is only 50 % likely to be successful even if the lock-picker makes his Dex test to pick the lock .
the third chest has a slightly decayed , but permanent , magic lock on it , such that an [try] at mechanical lock-picking is only 50 % likely to be successful even if the lock-picker makes his dex test to pick the lock .

Magical effects directed into the Black Pit simply do n't operate , but no Magic Points are expended if an attempt is made .
magical effects directed into the black pit simply do n't operate , but no magic points are expended if an [try] is made .

Any attempt to converse with it is useless .
any [try] to converse with it is useless .

Theoretical studies in this sense might adopt an approach which utilises the findings from a variety of national contexts in order to produce generalisations that attempt ‘ to distinguish the invariant from the variant , the stable and continuing from the fluctuating and transitory ’ ( Schollhammer , 1973 , p. 24 ) .
theoretical studies in this sense might adopt an approach which utilises the findings from a variety of national contexts in order to produce generalisations that [try] ‘ to distinguish the invariant from the variant , the stable and continuing from the fluctuating and transitory ’ ( schollhammer , 1973 , p. 24 ) .

Another strategy which has been suggested is to attempt at the outset to ground comparative analysis firmly within the context of explicit and already well-formulated theoretical debate , such as ‘ convergence ’ theory ( Shalev , 1980a ) .
another strategy which has been suggested is to [try] at the outset to ground comparative analysis firmly within the context of explicit and already well-formulated theoretical debate , such as ‘ convergence ’ theory ( shalev , 1980a ) .

But in any attempt to compare these institutions on an international basis there are immediate difficulties of terminology in that bodies with the same name may perform different functions .
but in any [try] to compare these institutions on an international basis there are immediate difficulties of terminology in that bodies with the same name may perform different functions .

In addition to the factors already discussed , the main stimulus to employers ' organisation in a number of countries appears to have been less that of a counter to growing union power , or an attempt to achieve market or labour force regulation , and more a response to what was perceived as a threat to common employer interests arising from increasing state intervention .
in addition to the factors already discussed , the main stimulus to employers ' organisation in a number of countries appears to have been less that of a counter to growing union power , or an [try] to achieve market or labour force regulation , and more a response to what was perceived as a threat to common employer interests arising from increasing state intervention .

The large numbers of the English gentry and aristocracy who enjoyed the profits from impropriated tithes were further alarmed when the Laudian ecclesiastical authorities made it clear they would spare no pains in an attempt to recover as much as they could of the church 's former wealth and power .
the large numbers of the english gentry and aristocracy who enjoyed the profits from impropriated tithes were further alarmed when the laudian ecclesiastical authorities made it clear they would spare no pains in an [try] to recover as much as they could of the church 's former wealth and power .

In the event , his attempt to impose his new conservative orthodoxy upon these churches was to cause disturbance and resistance abroad , and ultimately civil war and revolution at home .
in the event , his [try] to impose his new conservative orthodoxy upon these churches was to cause disturbance and resistance abroad , and ultimately civil war and revolution at home .

Sharing George Herbert 's view of the intrinsic superiority of Anglicanism over both Catholicism and Calvinism , William Laud was opposed to any attempt to draw the English church closer to Rome .
sharing george herbert 's view of the intrinsic superiority of anglicanism over both catholicism and calvinism , william laud was opposed to any [try] to draw the english church closer to rome .

Indeed , the advent of Protestantism gave rise to a number of new superstitious practices , such as the opening of the Bible at random in an attempt to secure divine guidance in the face of problems or dilemmas , a practice that was widespread even among Puritans .
indeed , the advent of protestantism gave rise to a number of new superstitious practices , such as the opening of the bible at random in an [try] to secure divine guidance in the face of problems or dilemmas , a practice that was widespread even among puritans .

If Protestant zealots were only partially successful in their attempt to sweep away the supernatural aura which had surrounded late medieval religion , their efforts to give the common people some grounding in knowledge of the gospels ‘ and a basic understanding of the Reformed theology of grace and salvation also met with only limited success .
if protestant zealots were only partially successful in their [try] to sweep away the supernatural aura which had surrounded late medieval religion , their efforts to give the common people some grounding in knowledge of the gospels ‘ and a basic understanding of the reformed theology of grace and salvation also met with only limited success .

By the end of the 1650s , the Puritan attempt to build a Calvinist Zion in England had foundered on the rock of the nation 's preference for its traditional religious and cultural life .
by the end of the 1650s , the puritan [try] to build a calvinist zion in england had foundered on the rock of the nation 's preference for its traditional religious and cultural life .

If not taken , it would pose a grievous threat to the Germans ' right when they made — as Falkenhayn planned — a second attempt to outflank the Allied left .
if not taken , it would pose a grievous threat to the germans ' right when they made — as falkenhayn planned — a second [try] to outflank the allied left .

When the attempt to force the passage with naval craft on 18 March went disastrously wrong , de Robeck soon persuaded not only himself but many of the senior Allied commanders that the passage could not be forced by ships alone ; a military expedition was also required .
when the [try] to force the passage with naval craft on 18 march went disastrously wrong , de robeck soon persuaded not only himself but many of the senior allied commanders that the passage could not be forced by ships alone ; a military expedition was also required .

If the assault proved successful , Egypt would no longer be vulnerable to attack ( the Turks had already sent a force to attempt to seize the Suez Canal ) and Turkey 's traditional enemies in the Balkans might be won over to the Allies .
if the assault proved successful , egypt would no longer be vulnerable to attack ( the turks had already sent a force to [try] to seize the suez canal ) and turkey 's traditional enemies in the balkans might be won over to the allies .

The Allied attempt to force the passage of the Dardanelles with capital ships on 18 March could well have succeeded , had it not been for a seemingly insignificant event .
the allied [try] to force the passage of the dardanelles with capital ships on 18 march could well have succeeded , had it not been for a seemingly insignificant event .

Scheer quickly decided to attempt escape from what was potentially a disastrous situation by executing the manoeuvre known as the a ‘ Gefechtskehrtwendung ’ , a ‘ battle turnabout ’ in which all his ships turned 180° to starboard , reversing his line .
scheer quickly decided to [try] escape from what was potentially a disastrous situation by executing the manoeuvre known as the a ‘ gefechtskehrtwendung ’ , a ‘ battle turnabout ’ in which all his ships turned 180° to starboard , reversing his line .

Conrad , too , had no option but to break off his offensive in the Trentino and , in an attempt to halt Brusilov 's threatening advance , return to the Eastern Front the troops he had earlier withdrawn .
conrad , too , had no option but to break off his offensive in the trentino and , in an [try] to halt brusilov 's threatening advance , return to the eastern front the troops he had earlier withdrawn .

At first the trenches were merely lines dug to the depth of an average man 's height , with little attempt being made to shore them up , so even a little rain could cause the sides to collapse .
at first the trenches were merely lines dug to the depth of an average man 's height , with little [try] being made to shore them up , so even a little rain could cause the sides to collapse .

It arose after the victory of Tannenberg , as a deliberate attempt by the German General Staff to distract attention from the failure of the Schlieffen plan in the west , and to associate themselves with Hindenburg 's triumph .
it arose after the victory of tannenberg , as a deliberate [try] by the german general staff to distract attention from the failure of the schlieffen plan in the west , and to associate themselves with hindenburg 's triumph .

This was where he came from — not in any self-pity — ( although there could have been an excuse for that , in the bitter harvest of the coalfields ) — nor with any attempt to show off ( although the battles he had fought and won to achieve what he did deserved a boast ) — those stories were told and retold to keep the faith .
this was where he came from — not in any self-pity — ( although there could have been an excuse for that , in the bitter harvest of the coalfields ) — nor with any [try] to show off ( although the battles he had fought and won to achieve what he did deserved a boast ) — those stories were told and retold to keep the faith .

Philip told what is , in fact , an extraordinary tale beginning as the not uncommon ( for those times ) attempt to rescue a poor but talented boy from his circumstances and ending as some sort of love story .
philip told what is , in fact , an extraordinary tale beginning as the not uncommon ( for those times ) [try] to rescue a poor but talented boy from his circumstances and ending as some sort of love story .

Train journeys to cold suburbs and the first recorded attempt at love-making — ending in fear of eternal damnation as he dozed off in front of the fire afterwards and his socks began to smoulder .
train journeys to cold suburbs and the first recorded [try] at love-making — ending in fear of eternal damnation as he dozed off in front of the fire afterwards and his socks began to smoulder .

But curious growths appeared : Green Grow The Rushes ( 1951 ) was the film technicians ' union 's attempt to make a go of it .
but curious growths appeared : green grow the rushes ( 1951 ) was the film technicians ' union 's [try] to make a go of it .

With this militant atheism came a ruthless drive against Christianity and an attempt to overthrow traditional ethics as the vestiges of an outmoded and regressive bourgeois morality .
with this militant atheism came a ruthless drive against christianity and an [try] to overthrow traditional ethics as the vestiges of an outmoded and regressive bourgeois morality .

We did , however , attempt to outline the principles which should inform school policies on the teaching of Standard English .
we did , however , [try] to outline the principles which should inform school policies on the teaching of standard english .

They use it , first , to refer to ways in which words are combined to make sentences ( in any dialect ) , and second , to label the body of statements they write about the language as they attempt to make explicit the implicit knowledge possessed by all native speakers of English .
they use it , first , to refer to ways in which words are combined to make sentences ( in any dialect ) , and second , to label the body of statements they write about the language as they [try] to make explicit the implicit knowledge possessed by all native speakers of english .

Textbook writers and teachers might attempt to teach this terminology irrespective of its value to pupils ' learning .
textbook writers and teachers might [try] to teach this terminology irrespective of its value to pupils ' learning .

Although there can be no clear-cut division between the use of language in literature and in everyday life ( and it would not be fruitful to attempt to make such a division ) , we can recognise that some of the most arresting , innovative and enriching uses of language come from the poets , novelists and dramatists who practise the craft of writing .
although there can be no clear-cut division between the use of language in literature and in everyday life ( and it would not be fruitful to [try] to make such a division ) , we can recognise that some of the most arresting , innovative and enriching uses of language come from the poets , novelists and dramatists who practise the craft of writing .

It was beyond our brief to attempt a general statement about equal opportunities in education .
it was beyond our brief to [try] a general statement about equal opportunities in education .

Part of this fun might include an attempt to teach the babies to swim . Young otters do not like the water and quite often , mum has to forcibly shove the reluctant infant into the river for its first lesson !
part of this fun might include an [try] to teach the babies to swim . young otters do not like the water and quite often , mum has to forcibly shove the reluctant infant into the river for its first lesson !

Although these definitions are important to any attempt to compare different types of credit agreement in logic or law , they are of course a very far cry from how any consumer would define different types of credit .
although these definitions are important to any [try] to compare different types of credit agreement in logic or law , they are of course a very far cry from how any consumer would define different types of credit .

So in real terms , their attempt to buy off inflation through borrowing makes them poorer than they would otherwise have been .
so in real terms , their [try] to buy off inflation through borrowing makes them poorer than they would otherwise have been .

Again as shown previously , very few people make any attempt to find out about more than one single credit possibility .
again as shown previously , very few people make any [try] to find out about more than one single credit possibility .

But most non-scoring credit decision systems are based on a similar idea — an attempt to predict the future , based on how an individual seems to fit into a pattern of past good and bad credit risks .
but most non-scoring credit decision systems are based on a similar idea — an [try] to predict the future , based on how an individual seems to fit into a pattern of past good and bad credit risks .

You may remember that two or three years ago , we made an attempt to consult you by producing a discussion paper , Woman , Status and Role , Life and Mission , which resulted in the report , Do Not Be Afraid .
you may remember that two or three years ago , we made an [try] to consult you by producing a discussion paper , woman , status and role , life and mission , which resulted in the report , do not be afraid .

The newspaper is a further and on-going attempt to communicate , inform , and consult all women , including those not in organisations , and to give them a means of expressing their views and concerns .
the newspaper is a further and on-going [try] to communicate , inform , and consult all women , including those not in organisations , and to give them a means of expressing their views and concerns .

For a while it looked as if founding editor Ken Wilson would buy the title back , but he was unable to find an editor and a valiant last ditch attempt to keep the title going , by Grey Rimmer of On The Edge , was destined to fall by the wayside .
for a while it looked as if founding editor ken wilson would buy the title back , but he was unable to find an editor and a valiant last ditch [try] to keep the title going , by grey rimmer of on the edge , was destined to fall by the wayside .

Even before Tasker and Boardman had set off on their last attempt Bonington and Adrian Gordon — the base camp manager — decided that they would go up the mountain to help with the descent from the North Col , concerned that if Tasker and Boardman reached the summit by the long ridge above the pinnacles , they would be close to collapse on their descent .
even before tasker and boardman had set off on their last [try] bonington and adrian gordon — the base camp manager — decided that they would go up the mountain to help with the descent from the north col , concerned that if tasker and boardman reached the summit by the long ridge above the pinnacles , they would be close to collapse on their descent .

After Berry returned home to England with his party , Valeri Krishchaty and his team made a second attempt on the North-East ridge from their camp five at around 7,900m .
after berry returned home to england with his party , valeri krishchaty and his team made a second [try] on the north-east ridge from their camp five at around 7,900m .

It was their third attempt on the peak , having been repulsed twice by storms .
it was their third [try] on the peak , having been repulsed twice by storms .

Kirkus also made a solo attempt on the line now known as Nameless , retreating from its final pitch .
kirkus also made a solo [try] on the line now known as nameless , retreating from its final pitch .

Our plan for the next day was to attempt the Austrian route on the north face of les Courtes .
our plan for the next day was to [try] the austrian route on the north face of les courtes .

He knew they would succeed , or die in the attempt .
he knew they would succeed , or die in the [try] .

The fatality which happened during Fred Botterill 's subsequent attempt underlines the seriousness of the climb .
the fatality which happened during fred botterill 's subsequent [try] underlines the seriousness of the climb .

The Allies modified their strategy , as readers will see in chapter 11 , while the Germans — satisfied they had repulsed a possible invasion attempt — did not modify their posture defending major ports and paid the price in defeat at Normandy .
the allies modified their strategy , as readers will see in chapter 11 , while the germans — satisfied they had repulsed a possible invasion [try] — did not modify their posture defending major ports and paid the price in defeat at normandy .

Cheerful , and unaware of the failures at the southern lock , he urged on young Watson , who steeled himself for another attempt at breaking through the place .
cheerful , and unaware of the failures at the southern lock , he urged on young watson , who steeled himself for another [try] at breaking through the place .

An attempt to contact Sparrow Force was made by Bernard Callinan , with a Dutch native soldier , whose experience as a schoolmaster and whose knowledge of Portuguese , English and Malay were invaluable in translating the polyglot languages of the different people they met on the westward journey .
an [try] to contact sparrow force was made by bernard callinan , with a dutch native soldier , whose experience as a schoolmaster and whose knowledge of portuguese , english and malay were invaluable in translating the polyglot languages of the different people they met on the westward journey .

The move south was now imperative in an attempt to contact Allied ships , and platoon areas for future operations were picked by the dubious but only available criteria : those towns in bold type on Bernard Callinan 's map were chosen as platoon centres .
the move south was now imperative in an [try] to contact allied ships , and platoon areas for future operations were picked by the dubious but only available criteria : those towns in bold type on bernard callinan 's map were chosen as platoon centres .

Never attempt to make the holes in the cement mortar .
never [try] to make the holes in the cement mortar .

Speakers express their message in terms of their own perceptions and within their own frame of reference without making any attempt to relate what they want to say with what the other person is likely to hear .
speakers express their message in terms of their own perceptions and within their own frame of reference without making any [try] to relate what they want to say with what the other person is likely to hear .

Many Christians experience them whenever they attempt to communicate their faith to their non-Christian friends .
many christians experience them whenever they [try] to communicate their faith to their non-christian friends .

The attempt to impose another culture on people who have their own , into a colourless uniformity , is a denial of the Creator and an affront to his creation .
the [try] to impose another culture on people who have their own , into a colourless uniformity , is a denial of the creator and an affront to his creation .

When the future seems to be filled with storm clouds , it may appear that the Church has no other recourse but to batten down the hatches and attempt to ride the storm .
when the future seems to be filled with storm clouds , it may appear that the church has no other recourse but to batten down the hatches and [try] to ride the storm .

To attempt to dragoon people to fulfil a role for which they are not equipped by God is to invite frustration and instil feelings of guilt as Christians become aware of their inadequacies and ineffectiveness in this area .
to [try] to dragoon people to fulfil a role for which they are not equipped by god is to invite frustration and instil feelings of guilt as christians become aware of their inadequacies and ineffectiveness in this area .

The spiritual crisis in William 's life came to a head one Christmas when he was involved in an attempt to deceive his master by passing off a counterfeit shilling .
the spiritual crisis in william 's life came to a head one christmas when he was involved in an [try] to deceive his master by passing off a counterfeit shilling .

It can lead to a perpetual and escalating attempt by women to please , trying to retain their outward beauty at all costs , and to show only the lovely , pleasing side of their nature for fear that they will otherwise be dethroned .
it can lead to a perpetual and escalating [try] by women to please , trying to retain their outward beauty at all costs , and to show only the lovely , pleasing side of their nature for fear that they will otherwise be dethroned .

In fact , in an attempt to compensate for this , the nurses would paint nail varnish on her toe-nails and put bows in her hair .
in fact , in an [try] to compensate for this , the nurses would paint nail varnish on her toe-nails and put bows in her hair .

They told him that they were prepared should he attempt to slip back to Ulster .
they told him that they were prepared should he [try] to slip back to ulster .

There is no evidence to indicate who was responsible for the attempt to have the alleged land deal story published .
there is no evidence to indicate who was responsible for the [try] to have the alleged land deal story published .

The policy has stifled realistic thinking and become a conspiracy whereby happenings such as the attempt to assassinate William Black was carried out under 2 Conservative government and the decision by the Attorney General to have no one prosecuted was taken under a Labour one .
the policy has stifled realistic thinking and become a conspiracy whereby happenings such as the [try] to assassinate william black was carried out under 2 conservative government and the decision by the attorney general to have no one prosecuted was taken under a labour one .

An attempt was made to introduce a non-fraternisation policy , but with limited success .
an [try] was made to introduce a non-fraternisation policy , but with limited success .

So attempt to gain an impression of paper , and a feel for the movement , rather than painting details .
so [try] to gain an impression of paper , and a feel for the movement , rather than painting details .

Here , there is absolutely no attempt to flatter , yet the painting is imbued with intimacy and vivacity .
here , there is absolutely no [try] to flatter , yet the painting is imbued with intimacy and vivacity .

Reverse engineer , disassemble , decompile , translate , transfer , modify or make any attempt to discover the source code of the Program .
reverse engineer , disassemble , decompile , translate , transfer , modify or make any [try] to discover the source code of the program .

will not attempt to register or use for its own benefit , or aid any third party in attempting to register or use , the Trade Marks or any trade mark the use of which would constitute an infringement of 's Trade Marks .
will not [try] to register or use for its own benefit , or aid any third party in attempting to register or use , the trade marks or any trade mark the use of which would constitute an infringement of 's trade marks .

MacDonald , Glasier and others did attempt to develop an organic view of society which denied justice to its working class , and provide guidance on how it might be transformed in order better to integrate the class into a corporate whole .
macdonald , glasier and others did [try] to develop an organic view of society which denied justice to its working class , and provide guidance on how it might be transformed in order better to integrate the class into a corporate whole .

On being granted freedom of the guild in 1922 Llewellyn Davies singled out three campaigns , all of which came in the second half of her term of office when the guild was emerging as an influential body and could build upon the experience of the earlier struggles — the attempt to bring cooperation within the reach of the poorest , minimum wages for women employees in cooperative societies , and reforms in married women 's lives , in particular the inclusion of maternity benefit in the 1911 National Insurance Act ( Gaffin and Thoms 1983 ) .
on being granted freedom of the guild in 1922 llewellyn davies singled out three campaigns , all of which came in the second half of her term of office when the guild was emerging as an influential body and could build upon the experience of the earlier struggles — the [try] to bring cooperation within the reach of the poorest , minimum wages for women employees in cooperative societies , and reforms in married women 's lives , in particular the inclusion of maternity benefit in the 1911 national insurance act ( gaffin and thoms 1983 ) .

The commonalty , he told them , was on their side — any attempt to block the protectorship would but increase its already substantial resentment of the Woodvilles .
the commonalty , he told them , was on their side — any [try] to block the protectorship would but increase its already substantial resentment of the woodvilles .

‘ Forgive me , my son — ’ she said softly and then , with a brave attempt at a smile , ‘ Go now , with the cardinal … ’
‘ forgive me , my son — ’ she said softly and then , with a brave [try] at a smile , ‘ go now , with the cardinal … ’

Only this morning we heard a rumour that an attempt is to be made to gain the approval of the commonalty to the protector being crowned king instead of Edward !
only this morning we heard a rumour that an [try] is to be made to gain the approval of the commonalty to the protector being crowned king instead of edward !

Frightened off by such high figures , many collectors renounce the attempt to assemble a complete range of bindings over the centuries and , sensibly , turn to more limited fields ; for example , to books stamped with the coats of arms or crests of early owners in gilt or ‘ blind ’ ( without gold or colour ) .
frightened off by such high figures , many collectors renounce the [try] to assemble a complete range of bindings over the centuries and , sensibly , turn to more limited fields ; for example , to books stamped with the coats of arms or crests of early owners in gilt or ‘ blind ’ ( without gold or colour ) .

Though the term is commonly used as an umbrella to cover all types , we should properly attempt a distinction .
though the term is commonly used as an umbrella to cover all types , we should properly [try] a distinction .

If you attempt the brew yourself , the beeswax should first be dissolved in the hexane , then the lanolin added and , finally , the cedarwood oil .
if you [try] the brew yourself , the beeswax should first be dissolved in the hexane , then the lanolin added and , finally , the cedarwood oil .

Here classical elite theorists proved hard to pin down , specifying the ruling elite in different ways which they made little attempt to operationalize in empirical work .
here classical elite theorists proved hard to pin down , specifying the ruling elite in different ways which they made little [try] to operationalize in empirical work .

Weber strongly criticized Marx 's attempt to explain all social cleavages as the product of economically based class structures and struggles .
weber strongly criticized marx 's [try] to explain all social cleavages as the product of economically based class structures and struggles .

Political realists insist also that power is an inherently unequal relationship , comprising an attempt by one person or group to secure compliance from or enforce dependence upon another person or group ( Lukes , 1974 ) .
political realists insist also that power is an inherently unequal relationship , comprising an [try] by one person or group to secure compliance from or enforce dependence upon another person or group ( lukes , 1974 ) .

Such an attempt presupposes knowledge of a world where people are free of power relations , a world which would not be recognizably human , since power is basic to the human condition ( Wrong , 1979 ) .
such an [try] presupposes knowledge of a world where people are free of power relations , a world which would not be recognizably human , since power is basic to the human condition ( wrong , 1979 ) .

The machinery of state officials is only the personification of the legal order , and the distinction between public and private law , espoused in many pluralist accounts , is largely bogus — an attempt to manipulate people into believing that ‘ private ’ law is apolitical or non-state .
the machinery of state officials is only the personification of the legal order , and the distinction between public and private law , espoused in many pluralist accounts , is largely bogus — an [try] to manipulate people into believing that ‘ private ’ law is apolitical or non-state .

It denotes an attempt to unify society through ‘ corporations ’ , each of which has a monopoly on the representation of particular categories of workers , professions and business ( capital ) .
it denotes an [try] to unify society through ‘ corporations ’ , each of which has a monopoly on the representation of particular categories of workers , professions and business ( capital ) .

It abandons the attempt to detect a class struggle between exploiters and exploited within advanced capitalism .
it abandons the [try] to detect a class struggle between exploiters and exploited within advanced capitalism .

But no attempt to dismantle radically the fabric of state regulation or public service provision has yet been pushed through in any liberal democracy , so that the public policy configuration now remains quite distinct from that prevailing before 1945 .
but no [try] to dismantle radically the fabric of state regulation or public service provision has yet been pushed through in any liberal democracy , so that the public policy configuration now remains quite distinct from that prevailing before 1945 .

Fusion between government and business institutions was enforced by the political and economic crisis of the 1930s which compelled state officials and monopoly capitalists to pursue joint regulation of the capitalist economy in an attempt to manage its contradictions .
fusion between government and business institutions was enforced by the political and economic crisis of the 1930s which compelled state officials and monopoly capitalists to pursue joint regulation of the capitalist economy in an [try] to manage its contradictions .

The central government also monopolizes social expenses functions of key significance for social stability , but these are administered in a rigidly bureaucratic way , without any attempt to co-opt external interests .
the central government also monopolizes social expenses functions of key significance for social stability , but these are administered in a rigidly bureaucratic way , without any [try] to co-opt external interests .

Others interpreted it as Mosley 's attempt to change the conventions of British politics by iconoclastic disregard of the traditional forms of political discourse .
others interpreted it as mosley 's [try] to change the conventions of british politics by iconoclastic disregard of the traditional forms of political discourse .

Failure led him to mass manipulation and an attempt to revolutionize British politics from outside the system .
failure led him to mass manipulation and an [try] to revolutionize british politics from outside the system .

In particular Mosley was influenced by Lloyd George 's ability to bypass bureaucratic red tape and through dynamic activism attempt to tackle head-on the mounting problems of British society .
in particular mosley was influenced by lloyd george 's ability to bypass bureaucratic red tape and through dynamic activism [try] to tackle head-on the mounting problems of british society .

The rapid inflation which resulted directly from the cost of financing the war raised the cost of British industry significantly , and made much more difficult the attempt to restore financial stability .
the rapid inflation which resulted directly from the cost of financing the war raised the cost of british industry significantly , and made much more difficult the [try] to restore financial stability .

This was symbolized by the doomed attempt to restore the gold standard at pre-war parity as the basis of economic policy , which necessitated vigorous deflation to ensure financial rectitude in the altered conditions of the post-war world .
this was symbolized by the doomed [try] to restore the gold standard at pre-war parity as the basis of economic policy , which necessitated vigorous deflation to ensure financial rectitude in the altered conditions of the post-war world .

The failure was to end Mosley 's effective attempt to change the policies of British government from within the parliamentary party spectrum .
the failure was to end mosley 's effective [try] to change the policies of british government from within the parliamentary party spectrum .

Convinced of the rightness of his policies and fearful of the consequences of economic decline , Mosley became attracted to the forms of activist mass politics in an attempt to rejuvenate society .
convinced of the rightness of his policies and fearful of the consequences of economic decline , mosley became attracted to the forms of activist mass politics in an [try] to rejuvenate society .

Although the Chevalier de Boufflers was highly successful , with fifteen editions published , her attempt to place it in context in The French Revolution was harshly treated by some historians .
although the chevalier de boufflers was highly successful , with fifteen editions published , her [try] to place it in context in the french revolution was harshly treated by some historians .

Such generalized and unsystematic anti-semitic obsessions as were displayed by individuals in these groups would suggest that little could be learned from an attempt to study the belief systems of such movements .
such generalized and unsystematic anti-semitic obsessions as were displayed by individuals in these groups would suggest that little could be learned from an [try] to study the belief systems of such movements .

Existing case law in Beatty v. Gilbanks ( 1882 ) and Wise v. Dunning ( 1901 ) left it unclear whether fascist demonstrations could be construed as a genuine attempt to convert people to a point of view or to provoke by insult .
existing case law in beatty v. gilbanks ( 1882 ) and wise v. dunning ( 1901 ) left it unclear whether fascist demonstrations could be construed as a genuine [try] to convert people to a point of view or to provoke by insult .

Both men will attempt to push Pick into the mid-range and large-systems environments .
both men will [try] to push pick into the mid-range and large-systems environments .

This is especially obvious , for instance , when we examine culturally stereotyped responses to danger and stress , and attempt to evaluate their impact on the feelings of our informants .
this is especially obvious , for instance , when we examine culturally stereotyped responses to danger and stress , and [try] to evaluate their impact on the feelings of our informants .

Both men will attempt to push Pick into the mid-range and large-systems environments .
both men will [try] to push pick into the mid-range and large-systems environments .

This attempt to be influenced by the maximum of factual knowledge is in a sense a rational way of trying to answer ethical questions ( this being perhaps the Stevensonian answer to the second question raised in the introduction ) , but it offers no guarantee of congruence .
this [try] to be influenced by the maximum of factual knowledge is in a sense a rational way of trying to answer ethical questions ( this being perhaps the stevensonian answer to the second question raised in the introduction ) , but it offers no guarantee of congruence .

( 3 ) There is a modern attempt to defend what is called objectivism in ethics which turns on viewing both facts and values as essentially social constructs which are what they are because they are either what society drills us into accepting or what exceptional individuals can persuade us follow from the procedures we have been drilled into accepting as correct .
( 3 ) there is a modern [try] to defend what is called objectivism in ethics which turns on viewing both facts and values as essentially social constructs which are what they are because they are either what society drills us into accepting or what exceptional individuals can persuade us follow from the procedures we have been drilled into accepting as correct .

Many think it a fatal weakness in any such attempt to base morality upon egoism that this answer is false .
many think it a fatal weakness in any such [try] to base morality upon egoism that this answer is false .

This seems eminently reasonable , quite apart from its association with the Spinozist idea that all motivation is the attempt of a personal essence to keep itself in actuality in the fullest possible way .
this seems eminently reasonable , quite apart from its association with the spinozist idea that all motivation is the [try] of a personal essence to keep itself in actuality in the fullest possible way .

To attempt to save as many residents of one hospital as possible , two psychiatrists , aided by a group of resistance workers , engaged in a desperate effort to resettle them with households in the surrounding area where they could be fed .
to [try] to save as many residents of one hospital as possible , two psychiatrists , aided by a group of resistance workers , engaged in a desperate effort to resettle them with households in the surrounding area where they could be fed .

At the same time some attempt was made to try to isolate those large hospitals which were really too deteriorated and poorly situated to continue .
at the same time some [try] was made to try to isolate those large hospitals which were really too deteriorated and poorly situated to continue .

An interesting early example of the attempt to empower consumers and strengthen the role of the private sector was the 1975 initiative of Kent County Council to test the viability of a voucher scheme for school places .
an interesting early example of the [try] to empower consumers and strengthen the role of the private sector was the 1975 initiative of kent county council to test the viability of a voucher scheme for school places .

The Moghul Empire , which at that time covered the northern two-thirds of the Indian subcontinent , was at its most impressive ; these were the decades of the Taj Mahal , the Red Fort at Delhi , and also of an attempt by the Muslim rulers of India to conciliate the Hindu majority .
the moghul empire , which at that time covered the northern two-thirds of the indian subcontinent , was at its most impressive ; these were the decades of the taj mahal , the red fort at delhi , and also of an [try] by the muslim rulers of india to conciliate the hindu majority .

The first full attempt at establishing a colony was Raleigh 's colony of Virginia , named for Elizabeth the virgin queen and located in what is now the Roanoke district of North Carolina .
the first full [try] at establishing a colony was raleigh 's colony of virginia , named for elizabeth the virgin queen and located in what is now the roanoke district of north carolina .

In the next few years all of England 's maritime energies were concentrated on resisting Philip of Spain 's attempt at invasion , and by the time one of Raleigh 's associates was able to visit the colony again in 1590 it had disappeared .
in the next few years all of england 's maritime energies were concentrated on resisting philip of spain 's [try] at invasion , and by the time one of raleigh 's associates was able to visit the colony again in 1590 it had disappeared .

But this had been an attempt to land on the Spanish Main , and the Spanish felt much less concerned about the long string of small islands in the Lesser Antilles at the eastern end of the Caribbean .
but this had been an [try] to land on the spanish main , and the spanish felt much less concerned about the long string of small islands in the lesser antilles at the eastern end of the caribbean .

Toleration as wide-ranging as this would not have been acceptable in England , where hostility to Roman Catholicism had been building up for seventy years since Mary Tudor 's attempt to wipe out Protestantism .
toleration as wide-ranging as this would not have been acceptable in england , where hostility to roman catholicism had been building up for seventy years since mary tudor 's [try] to wipe out protestantism .

After the failure of Hawkins 's attempt to open up a regular slave trade with South America , the English had paid only infrequent visits to the west coast of Africa , though a company to trade with ‘ Ginny and Binny ’ ( Guinea and Benin ) had been launched in 1618 .
after the failure of hawkins 's [try] to open up a regular slave trade with south america , the english had paid only infrequent visits to the west coast of africa , though a company to trade with ‘ ginny and binny ’ ( guinea and benin ) had been launched in 1618 .

One odd aspect of the policy of the Carolina proprietors was their attempt to create in America a very formalized version of what had grown up in England .
one odd aspect of the policy of the carolina proprietors was their [try] to create in america a very formalized version of what had grown up in england .

One instructive attempt at unification was made .
one instructive [try] at unification was made .

The English response to the pressure of war was to attempt to unify the system of government in much the way that Charles and James had tried .
the english response to the pressure of war was to [try] to unify the system of government in much the way that charles and james had tried .

This was a very modest setback compared to the disaster that overtook the only independent Scottish attempt at colonization .
this was a very modest setback compared to the disaster that overtook the only independent scottish [try] at colonization .

War began with an unsuccessful attempt to return to the city-plundering strategy of the previous century , went on with a great commerce-raiding voyage round the world by Anson , and ( not before it had at last ended the trading career of the South Sea Company ) was swallowed up by the more far-flung clash of British and French .
war began with an unsuccessful [try] to return to the city-plundering strategy of the previous century , went on with a great commerce-raiding voyage round the world by anson , and ( not before it had at last ended the trading career of the south sea company ) was swallowed up by the more far-flung clash of british and french .

Clive had returned to England with his private profits from his trading and military activities , though he spent his money so fast ( largely on an unsuccessful attempt to get into Parliament ) that he was soon back in India , serving on what was becoming recognizable as the military side of the Company 's concerns .
clive had returned to england with his private profits from his trading and military activities , though he spent his money so fast ( largely on an unsuccessful [try] to get into parliament ) that he was soon back in india , serving on what was becoming recognizable as the military side of the company 's concerns .

There was some similarity among the headlines where there was almost without exception an attempt at a catch-line .
there was some similarity among the headlines where there was almost without exception an [try] at a catch-line .

In order to defend the accused man his defence lawyers will often attempt to implicate the woman as an active participant rather than helpless victim .
in order to defend the accused man his defence lawyers will often [try] to implicate the woman as an active participant rather than helpless victim .

This occurs in cases where there is no attempt to rehabilitate the reputation of the man , whether he be killer or killed .
this occurs in cases where there is no [try] to rehabilitate the reputation of the man , whether he be killer or killed .

However , there was no attempt to exonerate the reputation of the dead man .
however , there was no [try] to exonerate the reputation of the dead man .

There was no attempt to inform the public whether there was a significant risk of this happening to others .
there was no [try] to inform the public whether there was a significant risk of this happening to others .

These contested cases where there is considerable media coverage tend to be those where the defendant ( s ) can attempt a claim that the victim consented to intercourse .
these contested cases where there is considerable media coverage tend to be those where the defendant ( s ) can [try] a claim that the victim consented to intercourse .

What Tower Hamlets is achieving today others will attempt tomorrow .
what tower hamlets is achieving today others will [try] tomorrow .

Violent censorship has become common place and journalists in Zaire who attempt to convey the truth are in constant fear for their lives .
violent censorship has become common place and journalists in zaire who [try] to convey the truth are in constant fear for their lives .

Everyone is asked to bring their Teddy ; an attempt is being made to create a new record for the largest gathering of Teddy Bears and 1,075 are needed .
everyone is asked to bring their teddy ; an [try] is being made to create a new record for the largest gathering of teddy bears and 1,075 are needed .

Clearly this is a much more subtle , fallible and variable aspect of the child 's visual behaviour to attempt to measure than the clinical aspects of use of vision .
clearly this is a much more subtle , fallible and variable aspect of the child 's visual behaviour to [try] to measure than the clinical aspects of use of vision .

However , even at this early stage , the baby does respond to a source of light and attempt to follow the mother 's face .
however , even at this early stage , the baby does respond to a source of light and [try] to follow the mother 's face .

Should children attempt to read in poor light ?
should children [try] to read in poor light ?

The class teacher will also gain a good deal of useful information by observing how the visually handicapped pupils handle and attempt to use visual material .
the class teacher will also gain a good deal of useful information by observing how the visually handicapped pupils handle and [try] to use visual material .

Entire armies deserted and vanished ; to labour as slaves , some said , at first in a doomed attempt to develop a site on Venus , and after on the most monstrous orbital ever built .
entire armies deserted and vanished ; to labour as slaves , some said , at first in a doomed [try] to develop a site on venus , and after on the most monstrous orbital ever built .

She made no attempt to take the proffered tickets .
she made no [try] to take the proffered tickets .

Victims of torture or relatives are often subjected to threats when they attempt to take legal action against torturers .
victims of torture or relatives are often subjected to threats when they [try] to take legal action against torturers .

At first , the puppy is likely to resent wearing a collar , and will paw at its neck in an attempt to remove it .
at first , the puppy is likely to resent wearing a collar , and will paw at its neck in an [try] to remove it .

Alternatively , it may simply attempt to stand up or sit .
alternatively , it may simply [try] to stand up or sit .

If the dog drops down as commanded then it will be unlikely to disturb the horses , which may otherwise be unnerved and could even attempt to bolt off .
if the dog drops down as commanded then it will be unlikely to disturb the horses , which may otherwise be unnerved and could even [try] to bolt off .

Do not attempt to break up the tablet instead and powder it over the food at the next meal .
do not [try] to break up the tablet instead and powder it over the food at the next meal .

It is much better to attempt to prevent fears arising , rather than having to rectify them at a later stage .
it is much better to [try] to prevent fears arising , rather than having to rectify them at a later stage .

Seeing the car as its territory , the dog may attempt to snap fiercely at them .
seeing the car as its territory , the dog may [try] to snap fiercely at them .

In turn , it may well attempt to bite , and will then have to be restrained more firmly , perhaps by being muzzled .
in turn , it may well [try] to bite , and will then have to be restrained more firmly , perhaps by being muzzled .

Should you attempt to pick up the dog , it is likely to howl and may attempt to snap at you .
should you [try] to pick up the dog , it is likely to howl and may [try] to snap at you .

It became evident that there was no shortage of topics , and we decided that a conference was indeed called for in which we could pursue our shared interest in peaceful societies and attempt to challenge what we all regarded as a biased approach which presented human behaviour in terms of how aggressive drives are handled .
it became evident that there was no shortage of topics , and we decided that a conference was indeed called for in which we could pursue our shared interest in peaceful societies and [try] to challenge what we all regarded as a biased approach which presented human behaviour in terms of how aggressive drives are handled .

In interpreting ideas and behaviour in societies which others might characterize as ‘ peaceful ’ , we suggest abandoning the focus on the lack of something called ‘ aggression ’ ( or violence ) and the construction of theories that attempt to account for this ‘ anomalous ’ absence .
in interpreting ideas and behaviour in societies which others might characterize as ‘ peaceful ’ , we suggest abandoning the focus on the lack of something called ‘ aggression ’ ( or violence ) and the construction of theories that [try] to account for this ‘ anomalous ’ absence .

His is an attempt to put emotions firmly back into studies of social behaviour and he concludes that catharsis is a potentially useful mechanism for psychic health , and that repression of emotions produces instability .
his is an [try] to put emotions firmly back into studies of social behaviour and he concludes that catharsis is a potentially useful mechanism for psychic health , and that repression of emotions produces instability .

Avoiding making these latent potentialities manifest is a constant concern , evidenced by the multitude of taboos that bracket even the most mundane activities in a ( usually vain ) attempt to forestall the dangers that lurk on all sides .
avoiding making these latent potentialities manifest is a constant concern , evidenced by the multitude of taboos that bracket even the most mundane activities in a ( usually vain ) [try] to forestall the dangers that lurk on all sides .

Indeed , it is more likely that a small child will attempt to command an adult than the other way around .
indeed , it is more likely that a small child will [try] to command an adult than the other way around .

Worse than jealousy or possessiveness , however , is the attempt to establish superiority over others .
worse than jealousy or possessiveness , however , is the [try] to establish superiority over others .

Instead , Christian traders attempt to implicate the Buid in the ancient Filipino institution of blood brotherhood .
instead , christian traders [try] to implicate the buid in the ancient filipino institution of blood brotherhood .

The Buid resent the use of the term and the attempt to place them in the moral as well as material debt of the lowlanders .
the buid resent the use of the term and the [try] to place them in the moral as well as material debt of the lowlanders .

It catapults grains of sand at passing ants in an attempt to knock them down into the pit and eat them .
it catapults grains of sand at passing ants in an [try] to knock them down into the pit and eat them .

Chimpanzees younger than two years old do not attempt to fish although they do watch their mother doing it .
chimpanzees younger than two years old do not [try] to fish although they do watch their mother doing it .

In an attempt to deter the caterpillars , the oaks produce distasteful chemicals called tannins in their leaves which make them less palatable .
in an [try] to deter the caterpillars , the oaks produce distasteful chemicals called tannins in their leaves which make them less palatable .

Once the females arrive , the male displays frantically in an attempt to persuade them that his own particular territory will be the best place to breed .
once the females arrive , the male displays frantically in an [try] to persuade them that his own particular territory will be the best place to breed .

As a result , males attempt to destroy each other 's bowers , and steal each other 's decorations .
as a result , males [try] to destroy each other 's bowers , and steal each other 's decorations .

Males guard their females against the attentions of other males ; females attempt to prevent their males from straying in their affections .
males guard their females against the attentions of other males ; females [try] to prevent their males from straying in their affections .

If she is not ready , she will move away from the male and the male will not attempt to mate with her .
if she is not ready , she will move away from the male and the male will not [try] to mate with her .

It was that young fool of a student Bacci , who stood up stiffly at the sight of the Marshal who had witnessed his first embarrassingly unsuccessful attempt at being a policeman .
it was that young fool of a student bacci , who stood up stiffly at the sight of the marshal who had witnessed his first embarrassingly unsuccessful [try] at being a policeman .

Negotiations between the Republic and the Vatican languished ; many Spanish bishops , including the primate , Cardinal-Archbishop Segura of Toledo , made little attempt to conceal their hostility to the Republic , Segura himself being eventually declared persona non grata by the government ; and in May 1931 Catholic sensibilities were outraged when the Provisional Government appeared unwilling to crush an outburst of church-burning and anticlerical violence in Madrid and several southern cities .
negotiations between the republic and the vatican languished ; many spanish bishops , including the primate , cardinal-archbishop segura of toledo , made little [try] to conceal their hostility to the republic , segura himself being eventually declared persona non grata by the government ; and in may 1931 catholic sensibilities were outraged when the provisional government appeared unwilling to crush an outburst of church-burning and anticlerical violence in madrid and several southern cities .

Anticipating land reform , poor peasants and agricultural labourers occupied large estates in a number of southern provinces ; several villagers , as in Yeste ( Albacete ) , perished in the attempt at the hands of the Civil Guard .
anticipating land reform , poor peasants and agricultural labourers occupied large estates in a number of southern provinces ; several villagers , as in yeste ( albacete ) , perished in the [try] at the hands of the civil guard .

In July there commenced the final Republican offensive of the war : the crossing of the river Ebro by 80,000 men in an attempt to reunite Catalonia with the ‘ central zone ’ .
in july there commenced the final republican offensive of the war : the crossing of the river ebro by 80,000 men in an [try] to reunite catalonia with the ‘ central zone ’ .

The sections that follow represent an attempt to examine briefly some of the liveliest areas of debate .
the sections that follow represent an [try] to examine briefly some of the liveliest areas of debate .

Few historians , admittedly , have sought to criticize the attempt to democratize a country so clearly and grossly racked by inequality , though most have quite reasonably stressed the unavoidable difficulties that such an attempt posed .
few historians , admittedly , have sought to criticize the [try] to democratize a country so clearly and grossly racked by inequality , though most have quite reasonably stressed the unavoidable difficulties that such an [try] posed .

It briefly reviewed Berowne 's previous career as a barrister , his first unsuccessful attempt to enter Parliament , his success at the 1979 election , his phenomenal rise to junior ministerial rank , his probable standing with the Prime Minister .
it briefly reviewed berowne 's previous career as a barrister , his first unsuccessful [try] to enter parliament , his success at the 1979 election , his phenomenal rise to junior ministerial rank , his probable standing with the prime minister .

Dalgliesh made no attempt to touch it .
dalgliesh made no [try] to touch it .

At first the flats had been let to carefully chosen tenants and an attempt made to preserve the modest amenities ; the square of lawn bordering the road , the two rose beds , the hanging windowboxes on each of the balconies .
at first the flats had been let to carefully chosen tenants and an [try] made to preserve the modest amenities ; the square of lawn bordering the road , the two rose beds , the hanging windowboxes on each of the balconies .

He recognized , with a familiar confusion of self-disgust and hopelessness , that he was telling more than he ought in his usual attempt to propitiate her , to get her on his side .
he recognized , with a familiar confusion of self-disgust and hopelessness , that he was telling more than he ought in his usual [try] to propitiate her , to get her on his side .

It seemed artificially produced , as if in an attempt to control any quavering she had had to gather both breath and energy to produce the measured cadences .
it seemed artificially produced , as if in an [try] to control any quavering she had had to gather both breath and energy to produce the measured cadences .

Snoopy the donkey was left without quarters and paid several unsuspecting guests a visit in a attempt to re-occupy her old home .
snoopy the donkey was left without quarters and paid several unsuspecting guests a visit in a [try] to re-occupy her old home .

The Preselli hills present more of a challenge , especially if you attempt the Carn Ingli summit .
the preselli hills present more of a challenge , especially if you [try] the carn ingli summit .

Senator Gary Hart , who in 1985 was busily courting public attention for his attempt on the American presidency , declared that ‘ we are all members of the community of nations surrounding the Pacific .
senator gary hart , who in 1985 was busily courting public attention for his [try] on the american presidency , declared that ‘ we are all members of the community of nations surrounding the pacific .

This is the subject 's third attempt .
this is the subject 's third [try] .

Although baby universes may not be of much use for space travel , they have important implications for our attempt to find a complete unified theory that will describe everything in the universe .
although baby universes may not be of much use for space travel , they have important implications for our [try] to find a complete unified theory that will describe everything in the universe .

What follows is my personal attempt to come to terms with these problems .
what follows is my personal [try] to come to terms with these problems .

Griffiths also recommended that GPs should satisfy themselves that social services had considered the needs of individuals , a clear attempt by Griffiths to involve GPs more in the provision of services .
griffiths also recommended that gps should satisfy themselves that social services had considered the needs of individuals , a clear [try] by griffiths to involve gps more in the provision of services .

In the first case the speculator with entrepreneurial initiative may identify land with numerous problems hindering development , and attempt to resolve these by negotiation .
in the first case the speculator with entrepreneurial initiative may identify land with numerous problems hindering development , and [try] to resolve these by negotiation .

Once the speculator has assembled and identified the land , he is often not over-anxious to draw attention to his activities and will therefore attempt to dispose of the site direct to the builder or developer without advertising or using an estate agent .
once the speculator has assembled and identified the land , he is often not over-anxious to draw attention to his activities and will therefore [try] to dispose of the site direct to the builder or developer without advertising or using an estate agent .

When expending time and money on negotiations or investigations , some vendors attempt to use the developer 's expertise free of charge to obtain a valuation and appraisal of the development potential of their site , even to the extent of the developer obtaining the necessary planning approval and resolving technical problems .
when expending time and money on negotiations or investigations , some vendors [try] to use the developer 's expertise free of charge to obtain a valuation and appraisal of the development potential of their site , even to the extent of the developer obtaining the necessary planning approval and resolving technical problems .

It is also important for building companies to attempt to assess the correct allocation of overheads in the management accounts against each project to ascertain the true profit .
it is also important for building companies to [try] to assess the correct allocation of overheads in the management accounts against each project to ascertain the true profit .

He 'd been sent to escort her back after that first long-ago attempt to cross the border ; and with that , it had begun .
he 'd been sent to escort her back after that first long-ago [try] to cross the border ; and with that , it had begun .

At the second attempt , he got himself moving .
at the second [try] , he got himself moving .

Quickly , Alina stepped around her so that she could hold Sandy 's head in both of her hands ; Sandy made a weak attempt to struggle , but it was like fighting a rock .
quickly , alina stepped around her so that she could hold sandy 's head in both of her hands ; sandy made a weak [try] to struggle , but it was like fighting a rock .

He showed no surprise at her obviously unsuccessful attempt to run , nor did he even comment on it .
he showed no surprise at her obviously unsuccessful [try] to run , nor did he even comment on it .

In 1955 Khrushchev and Bulganin made a visit to Belgrade in an attempt to secure a reconciliation , and the following year a Soviet-Yugoslav communiqué was signed in Moscow which brought the dispute to an end .
in 1955 khrushchev and bulganin made a visit to belgrade in an [try] to secure a reconciliation , and the following year a soviet-yugoslav communiqué was signed in moscow which brought the dispute to an end .

The next crisis in inter-communist relations was a result of the attempt by the Dubček leadership in Czechoslovakia to establish an alternative model of socialism , one that accorded more closely with the humanistic and democratic traditions of their country .
the next crisis in inter-communist relations was a result of the [try] by the dubček leadership in czechoslovakia to establish an alternative model of socialism , one that accorded more closely with the humanistic and democratic traditions of their country .

For at least some Western observers Soviet action was not simply a violation of international agreements but an attempt to establish a greater degree of influence in the Persian Gulf , an area of enormous significance for Western oil supplies and one in which the Western position had already been weakened by the overthrow of the Shah of Iran .
for at least some western observers soviet action was not simply a violation of international agreements but an [try] to establish a greater degree of influence in the persian gulf , an area of enormous significance for western oil supplies and one in which the western position had already been weakened by the overthrow of the shah of iran .

Andropov set out his general approach to such matters in a speech in the spring of 1983 in which he emphasised that the Soviet Union was ‘ only at the beginning ’ of the long historical stage of developed socialism ; there must be no exaggeration of the country 's closeness to communism , and no attempt to minimise the difficulties that lay ahead Discussing the party programme more directly , Andropov told the Central Committee in June 1983 that many of its directives had in fact been realised : links between citizens and deputies , for instance , had become closer , and national discussion of major items of legislation had become a well-established practice .
andropov set out his general approach to such matters in a speech in the spring of 1983 in which he emphasised that the soviet union was ‘ only at the beginning ’ of the long historical stage of developed socialism ; there must be no exaggeration of the country 's closeness to communism , and no [try] to minimise the difficulties that lay ahead discussing the party programme more directly , andropov told the central committee in june 1983 that many of its directives had in fact been realised : links between citizens and deputies , for instance , had become closer , and national discussion of major items of legislation had become a well-established practice .

Any attempt to evade it for the sake of the ‘ purity of the ‘ socialist ideal ’ ’ , 'he warned , would simply lead to a further expansion of the bureaucratic apparatus and to the dictatorship of the producer .
any [try] to evade it for the sake of the ‘ purity of the ‘ socialist ideal ’ ’ , 'he warned , would simply lead to a further expansion of the bureaucratic apparatus and to the dictatorship of the producer .

Finally , the unforgettable Stan Reynolds , a player who so loved scoring goals that he would attempt to do so in whichever net was nearest .
finally , the unforgettable stan reynolds , a player who so loved scoring goals that he would [try] to do so in whichever net was nearest .

In an attempt to extinguish the flames , a number of youths broke into the Space Invaders machine , filled their pockets with an estimated £140 worth of ten pence pieces and hurtled the machine at the blaze .
in an [try] to extinguish the flames , a number of youths broke into the space invaders machine , filled their pockets with an estimated £140 worth of ten pence pieces and hurtled the machine at the blaze .

There vas something official about it , as if it were a guard-dog or sentinel , on the constant qui vive behind its glass eyes , taking turn and turn about with the real house-dog , and the basket of flowers was stuck in its mouth in an attempt to disarm , an accessory borrowed to lend it a harmless look .
there vas something official about it , as if it were a guard-dog or sentinel , on the constant qui vive behind its glass eyes , taking turn and turn about with the real house-dog , and the basket of flowers was stuck in its mouth in an [try] to disarm , an accessory borrowed to lend it a harmless look .

He sat quite still , his hands on his knees , making no attempt to reply to her , as if to him her question was boring and irrelevant .
he sat quite still , his hands on his knees , making no [try] to reply to her , as if to him her question was boring and irrelevant .

In a contestable market , existing firms are vulnerable to entry if they attempt to exploit their market power , there are no sunk costs , and hence exit is costless ; and entrants have access to the same technology and factor prices as incumbents .
in a contestable market , existing firms are vulnerable to entry if they [try] to exploit their market power , there are no sunk costs , and hence exit is costless ; and entrants have access to the same technology and factor prices as incumbents .

Some retailers will attempt to ‘ free ride ’ on others , perhaps offering low prices and a warehouse-type ambiance , once customers have had a product demonstrated elsewhere .
some retailers will [try] to ‘ free ride ’ on others , perhaps offering low prices and a warehouse-type ambiance , once customers have had a product demonstrated elsewhere .

The restraints are imposed in an attempt to mimic this .
the restraints are imposed in an [try] to mimic this .

He made a pathetic attempt at a smile .
he made a pathetic [try] at a smile .

She made no attempt to stop him as he leaned forward to kiss her .
she made no [try] to stop him as he leaned forward to kiss her .

An arrestable offence is defined as one for which a person may by virtue of any statute be sentenced to imprisonment for at least five years , or an attempt to commit such an offence .
an arrestable offence is defined as one for which a person may by virtue of any statute be sentenced to imprisonment for at least five years , or an [try] to commit such an offence .

Problems in criminal law often start with an inchoate crime — conspiracy , attempt or incitement .
problems in criminal law often start with an inchoate crime — conspiracy , [try] or incitement .

Even though the problem shows that the full crime was consummated , the culprits may be convicted of attempt or incitement , so that it may be relevant to mention these crimes — though normally , of course , the indictment would be for the completed crime , not for a mere attempt or incitement .
even though the problem shows that the full crime was consummated , the culprits may be convicted of [try] or incitement , so that it may be relevant to mention these crimes — though normally , of course , the indictment would be for the completed crime , not for a mere [try] or incitement .

Not many candidates would attempt this frankness in the examination room , but they often do suppose that an accurate answer directed to the very words of the question is all that is required .
not many candidates would [try] this frankness in the examination room , but they often do suppose that an accurate answer directed to the very words of the question is all that is required .

( a ) If a legal concept is mentioned in the question , do not attempt a full explanation of it unless explanation is requested or necessitated by the question .
( a ) if a legal concept is mentioned in the question , do not [try] a full explanation of it unless explanation is requested or necessitated by the question .

It may seem unnecessary to add : if given a choice , do not attempt to answer a question that you do not understand ( unless , of course , your plight is such that there is no other you can do instead ) .
it may seem unnecessary to add : if given a choice , do not [try] to answer a question that you do not understand ( unless , of course , your plight is such that there is no other you can do instead ) .

for if you attempt to answer it and miss the point , the examiner may not be able to give you any marks , because you will not have answered his question .
for if you [try] to answer it and miss the point , the examiner may not be able to give you any marks , because you will not have answered his question .

Again the T'ang did not understand , but this time Shepherd made no attempt to enlighten him .
again the t'ang did not understand , but this time shepherd made no [try] to enlighten him .

But he was confident enough to attempt turning the tables on his inquisitor .
but he was confident enough to [try] turning the tables on his inquisitor .

‘ It is n't foolish enough to attempt escape .
‘ it is n't foolish enough to [try] escape .

He made a last desperate attempt to sway them back to him .
he made a last desperate [try] to sway them back to him .

He realized that what he was about to attempt was fraught with dangers , for Bernice and for himself .
he realized that what he was about to [try] was fraught with dangers , for bernice and for himself .

‘ An attempt , albeit muted , to get to grips with a world beyond Saltdean .
‘ an [try] , albeit muted , to get to grips with a world beyond saltdean .

There is now a conscious attempt to replace the unmarked masculine form he in English with forms such as s/he , he or she , and him or her .
there is now a conscious [try] to replace the unmarked masculine form he in english with forms such as s/he , he or she , and him or her .

… And this general picture is , primarily , that which we attempt to draw in this book , not the detailed personal characteristics which distinguish any of the political leaders .
… and this general picture is , primarily , that which we [try] to draw in this book , not the detailed personal characteristics which distinguish any of the political leaders .

Each device is explained below in some detail , followed by an attempt to explore its relevance to translation .
each device is explained below in some detail , followed by an [try] to explore its relevance to translation .

However , it is generally difficult and , for the purposes of translation not particularly helpful , to attempt to draw a line between what is linguistic or textual and what is extra-linguistic or situational .
however , it is generally difficult and , for the purposes of translation not particularly helpful , to [try] to draw a line between what is linguistic or textual and what is extra-linguistic or situational .

To start with , an attempt is made to find the answer by considering what Matroc 's competitors do and weighing up two possibilities : ( a ) Matroc 's competitors have company brochures and therefore Matroc has to do the same ; and ( b ) Matroc does not need to imitate its competitors .
to start with , an [try] is made to find the answer by considering what matroc 's competitors do and weighing up two possibilities : ( a ) matroc 's competitors have company brochures and therefore matroc has to do the same ; and ( b ) matroc does not need to imitate its competitors .

No attempt was made to claim even a weak kind of representativeness .
no [try] was made to claim even a weak kind of representativeness .

Since no particular attempt is being made to study spontaneous , informal conversation , the interview can be extremely short , focusing clearly on the linguistic features in which the investigator is interested .
since no particular [try] is being made to study spontaneous , informal conversation , the interview can be extremely short , focusing clearly on the linguistic features in which the investigator is interested .

In contrast with the design of the New York City interviews , no attempt is made to attain breadth of coverage ( by sampling ) and depth of linguistic information ( by eliciting both formal and casual speech styles ) in a single operation .
in contrast with the design of the new york city interviews , no [try] is made to attain breadth of coverage ( by sampling ) and depth of linguistic information ( by eliciting both formal and casual speech styles ) in a single operation .

Taking that principle as a starting point , an attempt was made in Belfast to assign to the fieldworker a clear social identity which allowed him or her to claim a role in the community .
taking that principle as a starting point , an [try] was made in belfast to assign to the fieldworker a clear social identity which allowed him or her to claim a role in the community .

Consequently , no attempt was made to provide an interview schedule such as that developed by Labov ; fieldworkers were simply briefed on the kind of social information ( such as occupation , educational background , family connections and previous residence of speaker ) which they would need to have acquired by the end of the observation period .
consequently , no [try] was made to provide an interview schedule such as that developed by labov ; fieldworkers were simply briefed on the kind of social information ( such as occupation , educational background , family connections and previous residence of speaker ) which they would need to have acquired by the end of the observation period .

Although the data collected were quite adequate for this purpose , no attempt was made to claim representativeness for the doorstep survey .
although the data collected were quite adequate for this purpose , no [try] was made to claim representativeness for the doorstep survey .

Some consideration of ethical issues is an important part of any attempt to provide an extensive discussion of sociolinguistic fieldwork methods .
some consideration of ethical issues is an important part of any [try] to provide an extensive discussion of sociolinguistic fieldwork methods .

Photographers also take advantage of the inability of persons to remain constantly vigilant , often introducing themselves into a situation many hours before they attempt to take pictures ( Greenhill et al .
photographers also take advantage of the inability of persons to remain constantly vigilant , often introducing themselves into a situation many hours before they [try] to take pictures ( greenhill et al .

Good discussions of these and others may be found in various textbooks , notably Downes 1984 ( chapter 6 ) , and no attempt will be made here to duplicate this material .
good discussions of these and others may be found in various textbooks , notably downes 1984 ( chapter 6 ) , and no [try] will be made here to duplicate this material .

The problem here is that unless some attempt is made by sociolinguists to ‘ unpack ’ the pertinent variables for which social class stands proxy , progress in formulating a satisfying explanation of the relationships between linguistic and social structure is likely to be slow .
the problem here is that unless some [try] is made by sociolinguists to ‘ unpack ’ the pertinent variables for which social class stands proxy , progress in formulating a satisfying explanation of the relationships between linguistic and social structure is likely to be slow .

As Romaine ( 1984b ) points out , the notion of semantic equivalence is difficult to work with in practice , even if we attempt , following Weiner and Labov , to limit it to truth-conditional equivalence .
as romaine ( 1984b ) points out , the notion of semantic equivalence is difficult to work with in practice , even if we [try] , following weiner and labov , to limit it to truth-conditional equivalence .

Weiner and Labov ( 1983 ) on the other hand attempt in a complicated chain of reasoning to argue that although there are indeed different stylistic and discourse meanings associated with the agentless passive and active alternants , and in some contexts different truth-conditional meanings , these differences might reasonably be disregarded .
weiner and labov ( 1983 ) on the other hand [try] in a complicated chain of reasoning to argue that although there are indeed different stylistic and discourse meanings associated with the agentless passive and active alternants , and in some contexts different truth-conditional meanings , these differences might reasonably be disregarded .

But in her earlier study where she had viewed the alternants as being ‘ equivalent ways of saying the same thing ’ she did not attempt to ‘ account for the interplay between the differences in modal meaning and the social conditioning in the use of these forms ’ ( Lavandera 1982 : 90 — her translation ) .
but in her earlier study where she had viewed the alternants as being ‘ equivalent ways of saying the same thing ’ she did not [try] to ‘ account for the interplay between the differences in modal meaning and the social conditioning in the use of these forms ’ ( lavandera 1982 : 90 — her translation ) .

However , in the 1981 Census an attempt was made to physically define urban areas , at the enumeration district level , by using a threshold of 1,000 people and 20 hectares of urban land ( Denham , 1984 ) .
however , in the 1981 census an [try] was made to physically define urban areas , at the enumeration district level , by using a threshold of 1,000 people and 20 hectares of urban land ( denham , 1984 ) .

( 1980 ) point out that statistical classification methods are by their very nature exploratory data-analysis techniques , dependent on the methods used and on a number of arbitrary definitions , and it is therefore inevitable that the results should be seen as a pioneering first attempt , rather than as a polished final product based on the application of well established proven methods .
( 1980 ) point out that statistical classification methods are by their very nature exploratory data-analysis techniques , dependent on the methods used and on a number of arbitrary definitions , and it is therefore inevitable that the results should be seen as a pioneering first [try] , rather than as a polished final product based on the application of well established proven methods .

engendered studies that try to enumerate the demands for transport in rural areas and then attempt to change network and service configuration to minimize the subsidy needed and meet the demand so enumerated .
engendered studies that try to enumerate the demands for transport in rural areas and then [try] to change network and service configuration to minimize the subsidy needed and meet the demand so enumerated .

Many of the parks were established near centres of population following the Countryside Act 1968 which provided grant aid for parks in an attempt to relieve congestion on the roads , to ease pressure on more remote and solitary places , and to reduce the risk of damage to vulnerable and valuable areas of countryside ( Brotherton , 1975 ) .
many of the parks were established near centres of population following the countryside act 1968 which provided grant aid for parks in an [try] to relieve congestion on the roads , to ease pressure on more remote and solitary places , and to reduce the risk of damage to vulnerable and valuable areas of countryside ( brotherton , 1975 ) .

In another multivariate approach Roome ( 1983 ) used principal components analysis to conclude that professional visitors to nature reserves were positively attracted by fragile species , but amateur visitors by the access provided , and in an interesting attempt to reconcile the different expectations of different types of visitor , Price ( 1979 ) used questionnaires to derive satisfaction curves representing a range of tastes .
in another multivariate approach roome ( 1983 ) used principal components analysis to conclude that professional visitors to nature reserves were positively attracted by fragile species , but amateur visitors by the access provided , and in an interesting [try] to reconcile the different expectations of different types of visitor , price ( 1979 ) used questionnaires to derive satisfaction curves representing a range of tastes .

Perhaps the most innovative approach however has been Brotherton 's ( 1982a ) attempt to relate the frequency of visits with the rate of site return as shown in Figure 7.3b .
perhaps the most innovative approach however has been brotherton 's ( 1982a ) [try] to relate the frequency of visits with the rate of site return as shown in figure 7.3b .

Penning-Rowsell ( 1981 ) has provided an excellent review of the literature during this period , and has concluded that it saw a sustained attempt to devise techniques for the quantification of the scenic quality or value of landscapes .
penning-rowsell ( 1981 ) has provided an excellent review of the literature during this period , and has concluded that it saw a sustained [try] to devise techniques for the quantification of the scenic quality or value of landscapes .

The first serious attempt to facilitate the electronic transfer of bill of lading rights took place in 1986 and lasted less than one year .
the first serious [try] to facilitate the electronic transfer of bill of lading rights took place in 1986 and lasted less than one year .

In an attempt to avoid multiple transfers of the same bill , the private key itself is rendered non-transferable .
in an [try] to avoid multiple transfers of the same bill , the private key itself is rendered non-transferable .

Cohen had no means of protecting himself ; he was an elderly Jew — well , perhaps not elderly but clearly past his prime — and it was most unlikely that he 'd have the guts or the strength to attempt physical resistance .
cohen had no means of protecting himself ; he was an elderly jew — well , perhaps not elderly but clearly past his prime — and it was most unlikely that he 'd have the guts or the strength to [try] physical resistance .

At first Joshua took an interest in their route , peering into the gathering darkness in an attempt to identify some landmark .
at first joshua took an interest in their route , peering into the gathering darkness in an [try] to identify some landmark .

During the 1979 Parliament a very limited attempt was made to add to the flexibility of the committee stage .
during the 1979 parliament a very limited [try] was made to add to the flexibility of the committee stage .

The methods by which MPs attempt to influence ministers from the floor of the House are by their speeches in major debates on government business , by calling for emergency debates under Standing Order No .
the methods by which mps [try] to influence ministers from the floor of the house are by their speeches in major debates on government business , by calling for emergency debates under standing order no .

In addition to the activities of members on the floor of the House or in the parties , there has been an attempt to restore or increase the influence of the Commons by adopting new procedures , most of which involve the development of a new committee system .
in addition to the activities of members on the floor of the house or in the parties , there has been an [try] to restore or increase the influence of the commons by adopting new procedures , most of which involve the development of a new committee system .

To solve the problems it diagnosed , the Fulton Committee recommended a number of changes which amounted to an attempt to introduce the modern ( largely American ) techniques of business management into the civil service .
to solve the problems it diagnosed , the fulton committee recommended a number of changes which amounted to an [try] to introduce the modern ( largely american ) techniques of business management into the civil service .

If ministers behave improperly in failing to inform Parliament , should a civil servant take the initiative and attempt to repair the omission ?
if ministers behave improperly in failing to inform parliament , should a civil servant take the initiative and [try] to repair the omission ?

To attempt to meet this situation the Commons passed an amendment by a majority of one and against the wish of the Labour Government .
to [try] to meet this situation the commons passed an amendment by a majority of one and against the wish of the labour government .

In 1982 a fresh attempt was made to find a political solution by the establishment of a new assembly for the province .
in 1982 a fresh [try] was made to find a political solution by the establishment of a new assembly for the province .

This agreement between the governments in London and Dublin was an attempt to promote co-operation between them and to try to find a joint approach to at least some of the problems of Northern Ireland .
this agreement between the governments in london and dublin was an [try] to promote co-operation between them and to try to find a joint approach to at least some of the problems of northern ireland .

Mr Heath 's Government was chiefly preoccupied with his attempt to restore the economy after Labour mismanagement .
mr heath 's government was chiefly preoccupied with his [try] to restore the economy after labour mismanagement .

An attempt will also be made to look at changes in the years since the last war in order to establish long-term trends , if any .
an [try] will also be made to look at changes in the years since the last war in order to establish long-term trends , if any .

The report of the Resource Allocation Working Party in 1976 is the latest and boldest attempt so far .
the report of the resource allocation working party in 1976 is the latest and boldest [try] so far .

In this section an attempt is made to examine the impact of social policy on the costs and benefits accruing to different socio-economic groups from work and whether these have changed over the years .
in this section an [try] is made to examine the impact of social policy on the costs and benefits accruing to different socio-economic groups from work and whether these have changed over the years .

The literature on the distribution of earnings is massive and no attempt will be made here either to summarise or evaluate it .
the literature on the distribution of earnings is massive and no [try] will be made here either to summarise or evaluate it .

Rather , an attempt will be made to summarise the main trends that are relevant to the discussion .
rather , an [try] will be made to summarise the main trends that are relevant to the discussion .

Clearly no government can legislate for such a wide array of circumstances , let alone attempt to enforce such legislation .
clearly no government can legislate for such a wide array of circumstances , let alone [try] to enforce such legislation .

The Court was surprised that those suggestions should have been made , and the Court owed it to its members and to all concerned to make it clear that no attempt had been made by anyone directly or indirectly , otherwise than in open court , to influence its decision .
the court was surprised that those suggestions should have been made , and the court owed it to its members and to all concerned to make it clear that no [try] had been made by anyone directly or indirectly , otherwise than in open court , to influence its decision .

In no recent case has the Court of Appeal gone further in its attempt to control trade union activity than in the dispute over the Government 's suddenly announced decision in April 1989 to abolish the National Dock Labour Scheme .
in no recent case has the court of appeal gone further in its [try] to control trade union activity than in the dispute over the government 's suddenly announced decision in april 1989 to abolish the national dock labour scheme .

The earliest temple-sculpture we possess is not from a Doric temple but from an attempt to monumentalise the old form .
the earliest temple-sculpture we possess is not from a doric temple but from an [try] to monumentalise the old form .

35 ) , a little earlier than these last ( which must belong to the very end of the century ) , is exceptional in being very large and in having the virtuosity deliberately played down , flattened out , in an attempt which could hardly be quite successful to monumentalise the type .
35 ) , a little earlier than these last ( which must belong to the very end of the century ) , is exceptional in being very large and in having the virtuosity deliberately played down , flattened out , in an [try] which could hardly be quite successful to monumentalise the type .

He , we know , was employed by the young democracy of Athens at the end of the century to make bronze statues of the Tyrannicides two aristocrats who had failed in an attempt on the life of Hippias but killed his brother Hipparchos .
he , we know , was employed by the young democracy of athens at the end of the century to make bronze statues of the tyrannicides two aristocrats who had failed in an [try] on the life of hippias but killed his brother hipparchos .

In 498 there was an attempt to get free , the Ionian revolt , to which Athens and Eretria sent aid .
in 498 there was an [try] to get free , the ionian revolt , to which athens and eretria sent aid .

The attempt is found occasionally in the work of their pupils , and at this time becomes quite frequent , but in vase-painting at least it is not successfully achieved until quite late in the century .
the [try] is found occasionally in the work of their pupils , and at this time becomes quite frequent , but in vase-painting at least it is not successfully achieved until quite late in the century .

However , apart from the question of whether the British economy will be in this condition in the future , the experience of the last attempt , in the 1940s and 1950s , to keep older workers in the labour force is not very encouraging ( Hannah , 1986 ) .
however , apart from the question of whether the british economy will be in this condition in the future , the experience of the last [try] , in the 1940s and 1950s , to keep older workers in the labour force is not very encouraging ( hannah , 1986 ) .

To continue with the example of assessing expenditure needs for Personal Social Services for the under fives lone-parent families are the main source of the population at risk , but there is no attempt to target the risk group more specifically .
to continue with the example of assessing expenditure needs for personal social services for the under fives lone-parent families are the main source of the population at risk , but there is no [try] to target the risk group more specifically .

But the approach used has considerable advantage in principle over the cruder system used for educational deprivation , since there is an attempt to relate expenditure needs directly to deprivation indicators , rather than adoption of an ad hoc procedure with little justification other than expediency .
but the approach used has considerable advantage in principle over the cruder system used for educational deprivation , since there is an [try] to relate expenditure needs directly to deprivation indicators , rather than adoption of an ad hoc procedure with little justification other than expediency .

The modern convergence , which the contemporary sociology of culture embodies , is in fact an attempt to rework , from a particular set of interests , those general social and sociological ideas within which it has been possible to see communication , language and art as marginal and peripheral , or as at best secondary and derived social processes .
the modern convergence , which the contemporary sociology of culture embodies , is in fact an [try] to rework , from a particular set of interests , those general social and sociological ideas within which it has been possible to see communication , language and art as marginal and peripheral , or as at best secondary and derived social processes .

Thus it is an evident advance on a mere empirical listing of successive ‘ movements ’ or ‘ isms ’ , which then moves away to an unlocated discussion of ‘ styles ’ , to attempt to identify two factors : the internal organization of the particular formation ; and its proposed and actual relations to other organizations in the same field and to society more generally .
thus it is an evident advance on a mere empirical listing of successive ‘ movements ’ or ‘ isms ’ , which then moves away to an unlocated discussion of ‘ styles ’ , to [try] to identify two factors : the internal organization of the particular formation ; and its proposed and actual relations to other organizations in the same field and to society more generally .

While these difficult categorizations , either in their most serious and sustained forms , or in their commonly received popular forms , retain or attempt to retain their position above society — above the historical socio-material process or the full , undelimited cultural process — they have to be seen not only as intellectually unsatisfactory but as , in themselves , disguised social processes .
while these difficult categorizations , either in their most serious and sustained forms , or in their commonly received popular forms , retain or [try] to retain their position above society — above the historical socio-material process or the full , undelimited cultural process — they have to be seen not only as intellectually unsatisfactory but as , in themselves , disguised social processes .

The attempt to distinguish ‘ art ’ from other , often closely related , practices is a quite extraordinarily important historical and social process .
the [try] to distinguish ‘ art ’ from other , often closely related , practices is a quite extraordinarily important historical and social process .

The attempt to distinguish ‘ aesthetic ’ from other kinds of attention and response is , as a historical and social process , perhaps even more important .
the [try] to distinguish ‘ aesthetic ’ from other kinds of attention and response is , as a historical and social process , perhaps even more important .

The attempt to distinguish between good , bad and indifferent work in specific practices is , when made in full seriousness and without the presumption of privileged classes and habits , an indispensable element of the central social process of conscious human production .
the [try] to distinguish between good , bad and indifferent work in specific practices is , when made in full seriousness and without the presumption of privileged classes and habits , an indispensable element of the central social process of conscious human production .

Consider , for example , the bold attempt by Lukacs ( 1969 ) to define the specificity of art by distinguishing three phases of human practice : the ‘ practical ’ , the ‘ magico-religious ’ , the ‘ aesthetic ’ .
consider , for example , the bold [try] by lukacs ( 1969 ) to define the specificity of art by distinguishing three phases of human practice : the ‘ practical ’ , the ‘ magico-religious ’ , the ‘ aesthetic ’ .

And the only guys who might even attempt to take your tower out are the same kind of ones who fixed Alex .
and the only guys who might even [try] to take your tower out are the same kind of ones who fixed alex .

Sickened , the memory of violence unnerving her , her mind a traitor , Jezrael twisted her face in an attempt not to cry .
sickened , the memory of violence unnerving her , her mind a traitor , jezrael twisted her face in an [try] not to cry .

She made a last-ditch attempt .
she made a last-ditch [try] .

Only last year , on the instructions of Luther Reynolds , David had brought the boy out of the mines and begun to teach him the way of business ; Matthew often accompanied him on his rounds , and though he made little attempt to befriend David , the boy worked , and learned , and spent so many hours closeted in the ‘ den ’ with the old man , that Beth was obliged to voice her concern .
only last year , on the instructions of luther reynolds , david had brought the boy out of the mines and begun to teach him the way of business ; matthew often accompanied him on his rounds , and though he made little [try] to befriend david , the boy worked , and learned , and spent so many hours closeted in the ‘ den ’ with the old man , that beth was obliged to voice her concern .

His head dropped , his wings sagged , and he gave up any attempt to fly out , not just then but ever .
his head dropped , his wings sagged , and he gave up any [try] to fly out , not just then but ever .

The tree 's branches clutched at him out of the darkness and he floundered up in an attempt to get clear of them .
the tree 's branches clutched at him out of the darkness and he floundered up in an [try] to get clear of them .

However it was , the one he had aimed at did not get out of the way in time and a last-minute attempt to slink off in the wind failed .
however it was , the one he had aimed at did not get out of the way in time and a last-minute [try] to slink off in the wind failed .

Any attempt to generalize about the English village is therefore regarded as an affront : bland uniformity is an attribute of the urban population , but the English village is believed to be resistant to any summary .
any [try] to generalize about the english village is therefore regarded as an affront : bland uniformity is an attribute of the urban population , but the english village is believed to be resistant to any summary .

Some farmers , however , did not even attempt this , but preferred to rely upon the application of economic and social discipline alone .
some farmers , however , did not even [try] this , but preferred to rely upon the application of economic and social discipline alone .

But in the future a diverse ecology will only be able to coexist with an efficient agriculture within the context of a planned land-use strategy , and such an attempt to resolve the various and conflicting demands on the countryside can not be successful without farmers surrendering at least some of their freedom of action to do as they wish with their own land .
but in the future a diverse ecology will only be able to coexist with an efficient agriculture within the context of a planned land-use strategy , and such an [try] to resolve the various and conflicting demands on the countryside can not be successful without farmers surrendering at least some of their freedom of action to do as they wish with their own land .

Thus urban neighbours may attempt to curb farming operations because of problems of noise or smell .
thus urban neighbours may [try] to curb farming operations because of problems of noise or smell .

However , the experience of farming on the urban fringe illustrates the scale of the problems encountered when urban recreation and agriculture are indiscriminately mixed without any attempt to manage their inevitable incompatibilities .
however , the experience of farming on the urban fringe illustrates the scale of the problems encountered when urban recreation and agriculture are indiscriminately mixed without any [try] to manage their inevitable incompatibilities .

But because it operates only at the level of ideas , without any attempt to specify why particular ideas are held in particular societies at particular times , other than by reference to other ideas , interactionist social psychology can only describe peoples ' beliefs , not explain them .
but because it operates only at the level of ideas , without any [try] to specify why particular ideas are held in particular societies at particular times , other than by reference to other ideas , interactionist social psychology can only describe peoples ' beliefs , not explain them .

This emphasis frequently serves to obscure the real differences between deafness and learning difficulties , for example , in the attempt to place all people with special needs under one legislative umbrella .
this emphasis frequently serves to obscure the real differences between deafness and learning difficulties , for example , in the [try] to place all people with special needs under one legislative umbrella .

It describes the process whereby oppression and prejudice come about and is therefore , like the term ‘ special needs ’ , an attempt to bring together a number of behaviours such as sexism , racism , disablism and homophobia .
it describes the process whereby oppression and prejudice come about and is therefore , like the term ‘ special needs ’ , an [try] to bring together a number of behaviours such as sexism , racism , disablism and homophobia .

We have seen how societies in which large numbers of deaf people co-exist with hearing people can become predominantly ‘ deaf ’ and bilingual in spoken and sign language ( Groce , 1985 ) , and also how some mixed families can become ‘ deaf ’ in an attempt to fully integrate a deaf child ( Fletcher , 1987 ; Luterman , 1987 ) .
we have seen how societies in which large numbers of deaf people co-exist with hearing people can become predominantly ‘ deaf ’ and bilingual in spoken and sign language ( groce , 1985 ) , and also how some mixed families can become ‘ deaf ’ in an [try] to fully integrate a deaf child ( fletcher , 1987 ; luterman , 1987 ) .

The attempt to assimilate the employment relationship to one of continuous contractual renegotiation is therefore unconvincing .
the [try] to assimilate the employment relationship to one of continuous contractual renegotiation is therefore unconvincing .

It has been suggested further that corporate ambitions extend beyond influencing the detail of regulation , with Reagan for instance claiming that ‘ … corporations are not only much concerned to protect their own immediate legislative interests , but are reaching out in an attempt to create a business-oriented political and social framework within which all public decision-making would be constrained .
it has been suggested further that corporate ambitions extend beyond influencing the detail of regulation , with reagan for instance claiming that ‘ … corporations are not only much concerned to protect their own immediate legislative interests , but are reaching out in an [try] to create a business-oriented political and social framework within which all public decision-making would be constrained .

It is not clear how this issue could be resolved , other than by stipulation , and hence rather than attempt to reach a conclusion we will proceed to the more fundamental question of whether the shareholders should , in the first place , be considered to have a moral right to decide how companies should be run in virtue of their ownership of corporate property .
it is not clear how this issue could be resolved , other than by stipulation , and hence rather than [try] to reach a conclusion we will proceed to the more fundamental question of whether the shareholders should , in the first place , be considered to have a moral right to decide how companies should be run in virtue of their ownership of corporate property .

The previous chapter provisionally accepted that it is beneficial for society as a whole that companies should attempt , within the general law , to make the highest possible profits .
the previous chapter provisionally accepted that it is beneficial for society as a whole that companies should [try] , within the general law , to make the highest possible profits .

It would seem to follow from this analysis that the most appropriate content to ascribe to the duty to act in the interests of the shareholders is that the directors should attempt to maximise the present value of the company .
it would seem to follow from this analysis that the most appropriate content to ascribe to the duty to act in the interests of the shareholders is that the directors should [try] to maximise the present value of the company .

Should this be the case , it would seem to follow that a strict concern with shareholder interests would dictate that managers should instead attempt directly to maximise share price , and that directors ' duties should be framed accordingly , and not as just suggested .
should this be the case , it would seem to follow that a strict concern with shareholder interests would dictate that managers should instead [try] directly to maximise share price , and that directors ' duties should be framed accordingly , and not as just suggested .

He made no attempt to object .
he made no [try] to object .

He 'd made no attempt to hold back as he knew there was more to come .
he 'd made no [try] to hold back as he knew there was more to come .

She giggled when his second attempt ended in the same way , and when he grasped her in a great bear hug , she was able to slip away as easily as if it were a child holding her .
she giggled when his second [try] ended in the same way , and when he grasped her in a great bear hug , she was able to slip away as easily as if it were a child holding her .

This is because in searching a very large library collection it is essential to attempt to ensure that the user gets just those references that are required .
this is because in searching a very large library collection it is essential to [try] to ensure that the user gets just those references that are required .

He climbed into the back seat and looked towards Annie 's cabin , making little attempt to conceal himself or keep low .
he climbed into the back seat and looked towards annie 's cabin , making little [try] to conceal himself or keep low .

Instinct caused him to put out both hands in an attempt to break the fall , and Ellwood was on him , the rod flailing , blood rising from Carey 's face in a thick mist of spray , the hook going into his flesh wherever it landed and ripping out again as Ellwood 's arms rose and fell , rose and fell .
instinct caused him to put out both hands in an [try] to break the fall , and ellwood was on him , the rod flailing , blood rising from carey 's face in a thick mist of spray , the hook going into his flesh wherever it landed and ripping out again as ellwood 's arms rose and fell , rose and fell .

He thought he had succeeded but he could not be sure : her loyalty to Colonel Moore was bedrocked : so he had not scored a direct hit but then neither had she resented his attempt .
he thought he had succeeded but he could not be sure : her loyalty to colonel moore was bedrocked : so he had not scored a direct hit but then neither had she resented his [try] .

He began to back away , waking away any attempt there might be — there was none ; Moore knew his manners — to detain him .
he began to back away , waking away any [try] there might be — there was none ; moore knew his manners — to detain him .

He made no attempt to flirt with her nor she with him .
he made no [try] to flirt with her nor she with him .

She made a mild attempt to evade him but he cut across and landed in front of her , sitting , as she had first seen him , with the sheep and goats dithering and teetering before and around him .
she made a mild [try] to evade him but he cut across and landed in front of her , sitting , as she had first seen him , with the sheep and goats dithering and teetering before and around him .

He was fascinated by the power he saw inside the rich clothes , the allure of the title , the estates , the enrapturing confidence of the Army , the experiences … In an attempt partly to offer a tribute and perhaps in some way to attempt a readjustment of the balance against him , he recited what he knew of the church 's founding saint .
he was fascinated by the power he saw inside the rich clothes , the allure of the title , the estates , the enrapturing confidence of the army , the experiences … in an [try] partly to offer a tribute and perhaps in some way to [try] a readjustment of the balance against him , he recited what he knew of the church 's founding saint .

In addition , most theories of legitimacy simultaneously attempt to justify power by reference to its ends .
in addition , most theories of legitimacy simultaneously [try] to justify power by reference to its ends .

The sterility and inconclusiveness of modern debate about the nature of sovereignty stems from Dicey 's attempt to divorce legal doctrine from political principle .
the sterility and inconclusiveness of modern debate about the nature of sovereignty stems from dicey 's [try] to divorce legal doctrine from political principle .

It seems to me therefore , without laying down the proposition that the Moray Firth is for every purpose within the territorial sovereignty , it can at least be clearly said that the appellant can not make out his proposition that it is inconceivable that the British legislature should attempt for fishery regulation to legislate against all and sundry in such a place .
it seems to me therefore , without laying down the proposition that the moray firth is for every purpose within the territorial sovereignty , it can at least be clearly said that the appellant can not make out his proposition that it is inconceivable that the british legislature should [try] for fishery regulation to legislate against all and sundry in such a place .

Any attempt to prove that they were misled by fraud or otherwise would necessarily involve an inquiry into the manner in which they had performed their functions in dealing with the Bill which became the British Railways Act 1968 .
any [try] to prove that they were misled by fraud or otherwise would necessarily involve an inquiry into the manner in which they had performed their functions in dealing with the bill which became the british railways act 1968 .

In a report such as this it is possible to attempt only a limited review , and the concern of the present chapter is chiefly with communities in the Anglican tradition .
in a report such as this it is possible to [try] only a limited review , and the concern of the present chapter is chiefly with communities in the anglican tradition .

St. Mary 's Abbey , West Malling , has also been influential in helping other Anglican communities to attempt new musical expression whilst remaining within a monastic ethos .
st. mary 's abbey , west malling , has also been influential in helping other anglican communities to [try] new musical expression whilst remaining within a monastic ethos .

Any attempt to revitalise the music of the Church of England must also involve its people .
any [try] to revitalise the music of the church of england must also involve its people .

‘ It 's standard procedure after a suicide attempt .
‘ it 's standard procedure after a suicide [try] .

The attempt to bridge the arts/science divide was , in many cases , doomed to failure , with the result that students felt forced to make a choice between their coursework and their outside interests .
the [try] to bridge the arts/science divide was , in many cases , doomed to failure , with the result that students felt forced to make a choice between their coursework and their outside interests .

The attempt to legitimise Renville met widespread opposition .
the [try] to legitimise renville met widespread opposition .

He calculated that the Viet Minh would be destroyed in any attempt to capture his position .
he calculated that the viet minh would be destroyed in any [try] to capture his position .

This was the background to an attempt by president Nkrumah of Ghana to break through the impasse .
this was the background to an [try] by president nkrumah of ghana to break through the impasse .

There is no possibility , therefore , of local authorities being able to increase the size of the business rate in an attempt to finance an expansion of local services .
there is no possibility , therefore , of local authorities being able to increase the size of the business rate in an [try] to finance an expansion of local services .

Paradoxically , the moves to widen the number of people holding capital assets is being accompanied by a determined attempt to reverse the sixty-year-old trend towards greater equality of wealth .
paradoxically , the moves to widen the number of people holding capital assets is being accompanied by a determined [try] to reverse the sixty-year-old trend towards greater equality of wealth .

The first attempt at building an earnings-related element into the flat-rate retirement pension came in 1958 .
the first [try] at building an earnings-related element into the flat-rate retirement pension came in 1958 .

Even less clearly struck has been the Government 's attempt to reduce dependency on means-tested welfare .
even less clearly struck has been the government 's [try] to reduce dependency on means-tested welfare .

It is not possible here to attempt to unravel the many strands of thought and practice that have historically influenced the contemporary curriculum in this way , but it may be useful to refer briefly to some of them before going on to consider the current pattern .
it is not possible here to [try] to unravel the many strands of thought and practice that have historically influenced the contemporary curriculum in this way , but it may be useful to refer briefly to some of them before going on to consider the current pattern .

Figure 2.1 offers one attempt to locate disciplines within a general model of the curriculum as knowledge .
figure 2.1 offers one [try] to locate disciplines within a general model of the curriculum as knowledge .

Whereas the former attempt to generalize across all or at least some professions , the latter deal only with one field , such as medicine , engineering , law , social work , management or accountancy .
whereas the former [try] to generalize across all or at least some professions , the latter deal only with one field , such as medicine , engineering , law , social work , management or accountancy .

It can refer to the growth of influence of the natural and social sciences as bodies of knowledge which underpin practice in fields such as medicine , pharmacy , agriculture , engineering , architecture or social work ; it can refer to the increased importance of mathematics or computing in some fields ; it can refer to the attempt to develop models or theories of practice itself , for example in the fields of management , nursing or teaching , or it may simply reflect the enlargement of the off-the-job element in professional education .
it can refer to the growth of influence of the natural and social sciences as bodies of knowledge which underpin practice in fields such as medicine , pharmacy , agriculture , engineering , architecture or social work ; it can refer to the increased importance of mathematics or computing in some fields ; it can refer to the [try] to develop models or theories of practice itself , for example in the fields of management , nursing or teaching , or it may simply reflect the enlargement of the off-the-job element in professional education .

The problem facing writers like Schon who attempt to theorize about practice is that if they fail , practice remains particularistic or intuitive , and if they succeed , they simply generate more theory .
the problem facing writers like schon who [try] to theorize about practice is that if they fail , practice remains particularistic or intuitive , and if they succeed , they simply generate more theory .

If the structures of knowledge that exist do reflect the structures of the real world , then any attempt to modify or erode them is likely to be unproductive .
if the structures of knowledge that exist do reflect the structures of the real world , then any [try] to modify or erode them is likely to be unproductive .

These was also an attempt to devise joint one-term units , e.g .
these was also an [try] to devise joint one-term units , e.g .

In addition to this external divergence , however , communities like Belfast also exhibit massive internal linguistic divergence , and we must attempt to find out what are the internal social functions of this divergence .
in addition to this external divergence , however , communities like belfast also exhibit massive internal linguistic divergence , and we must [try] to find out what are the internal social functions of this divergence .

But the whole study was set up within a much more general theoretical orientation : the theory of linguistic change ; it was not merely an attempt to demonstrate age , class and style differences , as Smith implies .
but the whole study was set up within a much more general theoretical orientation : the theory of linguistic change ; it was not merely an [try] to demonstrate age , class and style differences , as smith implies .

It is easier to understand it as an attempt to move away from something already characteristic of the community than as an attempt to move towards some outside idealization ( compare my comments on avoidance of stigma in Chapter 2.6 , above ) .
it is easier to understand it as an [try] to move away from something already characteristic of the community than as an [try] to move towards some outside idealization ( compare my comments on avoidance of stigma in chapter 2.6 , above ) .

The obverse of Employee Involvement is Participative Management , Ford 's attempt to break down the organizational barriers between management hierarchies .
the obverse of employee involvement is participative management , ford 's [try] to break down the organizational barriers between management hierarchies .

In general , Ford 's use of Participative Management to promote an ethos of change , and modify a management culture grounded in functional loyalties , is an attempt to shift the terms of company politics in favour of those senior managers supportive of change strategies .
in general , ford 's use of participative management to promote an ethos of change , and modify a management culture grounded in functional loyalties , is an [try] to shift the terms of company politics in favour of those senior managers supportive of change strategies .

So today 's typical organization in which knowledge tends to be concentrated in service staffs , perched rather insecurely between top management and the operating people , will likely be labeled a phase , an attempt to infuse knowledge from the top rather than obtain information from below .
so today 's typical organization in which knowledge tends to be concentrated in service staffs , perched rather insecurely between top management and the operating people , will likely be labeled a phase , an [try] to infuse knowledge from the top rather than obtain information from below .

Walton ( 1985 ) claims that at least a thousand plants in America have transformed their workforce strategy in an attempt to move from an organizational culture of control to one based on commitment , although only a few have a comprehensive commitment strategy .
walton ( 1985 ) claims that at least a thousand plants in america have transformed their workforce strategy in an [try] to move from an organizational culture of control to one based on commitment , although only a few have a comprehensive commitment strategy .

For instance , we might attempt to sink our own anchors in the sandy sea-bed of mercy , whilst at the same time hauling up our opponents ' anchors from the rocks of justice .
for instance , we might [try] to sink our own anchors in the sandy sea-bed of mercy , whilst at the same time hauling up our opponents ' anchors from the rocks of justice .

The Macleod Report had specifically recommended that the Party should attempt to recruit from a wider class basis .
the macleod report had specifically recommended that the party should [try] to recruit from a wider class basis .

However , the Nationalism Today faction has not adopted the antisemitic conspiracy theory of politics in order to attract financial support , but it may attempt to seek such support because it holds antisemitic beliefs .
however , the nationalism today faction has not adopted the antisemitic conspiracy theory of politics in order to attract financial support , but it may [try] to seek such support because it holds antisemitic beliefs .

It would be possible to attempt such theoretical development by conceptual analysis , in order to produce in the abstract a theoretical structure , which could then be tested empirically .
it would be possible to [try] such theoretical development by conceptual analysis , in order to produce in the abstract a theoretical structure , which could then be tested empirically .

Many companies currently in existence have ‘ objects clauses ’ in their memoranda of association which run to several pages in an attempt to ensure that the company will have the power to do anything the directors feel it needs to do .
many companies currently in existence have ‘ objects clauses ’ in their memoranda of association which run to several pages in an [try] to ensure that the company will have the power to do anything the directors feel it needs to do .

Even without a conflict in interests , the attempt to encompass a vast specificity of goods , or the abstractions of academia , have their dangers to the group involved .
even without a conflict in interests , the [try] to encompass a vast specificity of goods , or the abstractions of academia , have their dangers to the group involved .

One aspect of the infant 's early mentality is its belief in its own omnipotence , which may lead towards an attempt simply to deny the existence of the bad object , thus safeguarding the presence of the good object , and projecting both as idealized forms .
one aspect of the infant 's early mentality is its belief in its own omnipotence , which may lead towards an [try] simply to deny the existence of the bad object , thus safeguarding the presence of the good object , and projecting both as idealized forms .

The strategies of splitting are essential for the infant 's attempt to deal with the genuine contradictions it encounters in struggling to form some image of itself and the part-objects it confronts .
the strategies of splitting are essential for the infant 's [try] to deal with the genuine contradictions it encounters in struggling to form some image of itself and the part-objects it confronts .

In his work as in the present study , there has been an attempt to mediate between the physical world of practices as a determinant material structure and constructivist analysis of the material world as inseparable from the cognitive means of its appropriation .
in his work as in the present study , there has been an [try] to mediate between the physical world of practices as a determinant material structure and constructivist analysis of the material world as inseparable from the cognitive means of its appropriation .

In certain societies , formal education may attempt to make explicit and controlled some of these processes of learning , and it is no coincidence that Bourdieu is otherwise known as a writer on the French educational system ( e.g .
in certain societies , formal education may [try] to make explicit and controlled some of these processes of learning , and it is no coincidence that bourdieu is otherwise known as a writer on the french educational system ( e.g .

Although in chapter 6 an attempt was made to investigate the nature of the artefact per se , even a cursory examination of artefacts as actually employed within different societies reveals the extreme diversity of uses and connotations among physically similar forms .
although in chapter 6 an [try] was made to investigate the nature of the artefact per se , even a cursory examination of artefacts as actually employed within different societies reveals the extreme diversity of uses and connotations among physically similar forms .

An attempt to identify those social properties which pertain to objects as artefacts , for example , as opposed to the properties of words as discovered by linguists , or dreams as discovered by psychologists , can only be achieved through a balance between two procedures .
an [try] to identify those social properties which pertain to objects as artefacts , for example , as opposed to the properties of words as discovered by linguists , or dreams as discovered by psychologists , can only be achieved through a balance between two procedures .

The final chapter will attempt a more general model of consumption in terms of the concept of objectification .
the final chapter will [try] a more general model of consumption in terms of the concept of objectification .

Under these altered conditions , emulation is increasingly significant as a strategy by means of which people lower in a given social hierarchy attempt to realize their aspirations towards higher status by modifying their behaviour , their dress and the kind of goods they purchase , since it now becomes possible to mistake a poor nobleman for a wealthy trader .
under these altered conditions , emulation is increasingly significant as a strategy by means of which people lower in a given social hierarchy [try] to realize their aspirations towards higher status by modifying their behaviour , their dress and the kind of goods they purchase , since it now becomes possible to mistake a poor nobleman for a wealthy trader .

One of the problems the European traders encountered early on in their attempt to develop longer trade routes , was that peoples in South-East Asia who produced spices highly regarded in Europe did not , for their part , show any great desire for European products .
one of the problems the european traders encountered early on in their [try] to develop longer trade routes , was that peoples in south-east asia who produced spices highly regarded in europe did not , for their part , show any great desire for european products .

The references by Douglas and Isherwood to conventional economics are complemented by Sahlins ' critique of similar assumptions in Marxist economics ( 1976a ) , which in part extends the work of Baudrillard ; and both of these works use symbolic analysis in order to attempt more general assessments of the relationship between divisions of goods and divisions of peoples .
the references by douglas and isherwood to conventional economics are complemented by sahlins ' critique of similar assumptions in marxist economics ( 1976a ) , which in part extends the work of baudrillard ; and both of these works use symbolic analysis in order to [try] more general assessments of the relationship between divisions of goods and divisions of peoples .

Despite his critique of Douglas , Sahlins ' own attempt to construct an approach to consumption ( 1976a : 166–204 ) is subject to quite similar limitations .
despite his critique of douglas , sahlins ' own [try] to construct an approach to consumption ( 1976a : 166–204 ) is subject to quite similar limitations .

Despite having worked previously as an ethnographer , Bourdieu makes no attempt to employ the ethnographic method in this work , relying instead on a lengthy questionnaire reproduced at the end of the book .
despite having worked previously as an ethnographer , bourdieu makes no [try] to employ the ethnographic method in this work , relying instead on a lengthy questionnaire reproduced at the end of the book .

However welcome Bourdieu 's analysis of consumers may be when contrasted to the more common attempt to explain the same material as a simple expression of business interests , the book 's impact is not enhanced by its entirely ignoring the sphere of production .
however welcome bourdieu 's analysis of consumers may be when contrasted to the more common [try] to explain the same material as a simple expression of business interests , the book 's impact is not enhanced by its entirely ignoring the sphere of production .

King provides evidence of the power of this structural logic in his example of the attempt by bungalow builders to ‘ invade , the countryside to such an extent as to threaten the forces which had , until then controlled the spatial distribution of various styles .
king provides evidence of the power of this structural logic in his example of the [try] by bungalow builders to ‘ invade , the countryside to such an extent as to threaten the forces which had , until then controlled the spatial distribution of various styles .

If two groups have different perspectives , then , in so far as they are able to create the world , they naturally attempt to do so in accordance with their own perspective , or ‘ habitus ’ .
if two groups have different perspectives , then , in so far as they are able to create the world , they naturally [try] to do so in accordance with their own perspective , or ‘ habitus ’ .

In as much , however , as the cultural forms thereby produced become the external environment through which emerge other groups whose interests are not identical , and indeed may be contrary , to their own , we are faced with the situation described in the discussion of building styles above , where the dominated group is forced to attempt to invest itself in the domain of culture represented by the built environment in terms of a set of objects whose initial meanings are antagonistic to its own interests .
in as much , however , as the cultural forms thereby produced become the external environment through which emerge other groups whose interests are not identical , and indeed may be contrary , to their own , we are faced with the situation described in the discussion of building styles above , where the dominated group is forced to [try] to invest itself in the domain of culture represented by the built environment in terms of a set of objects whose initial meanings are antagonistic to its own interests .

Following this expressivist logic , if a group is unable to objectify its interests in certain domains it may attempt to create its own cultural forms in some other field , although some groups without any resources are bereft of both power and prospects in virtually all spheres .
following this expressivist logic , if a group is unable to objectify its interests in certain domains it may [try] to create its own cultural forms in some other field , although some groups without any resources are bereft of both power and prospects in virtually all spheres .

Baudrillard began his studies in the earlier tradition of symbolic analysis , with an attempt to examine the significatory properties of modern mass consumption ( e.g .
baudrillard began his studies in the earlier tradition of symbolic analysis , with an [try] to examine the significatory properties of modern mass consumption ( e.g .

The cultural forms of late capitalism have thus become entirely pervasive and able to subsume any attempt at opposition .
the cultural forms of late capitalism have thus become entirely pervasive and able to subsume any [try] at opposition .

Nevertheless , an attempt has been made to identify the theoretical differences that are emerging .
nevertheless , an [try] has been made to identify the theoretical differences that are emerging .

Examine the figures in the second column of Table 3.1 and then attempt the following activity :
examine the figures in the second column of table 3.1 and then [try] the following activity :

In addition to the revenue budget , most public sector organizations attempt to budget separately for items of a capital nature .
in addition to the revenue budget , most public sector organizations [try] to budget separately for items of a capital nature .

Not on that day or on any other day did he attempt such a sortie with me .
not on that day or on any other day did he [try] such a sortie with me .

In an attempt to protect the growing organizational assets , procedures are put in place .
in an [try] to protect the growing organizational assets , procedures are put in place .

This knowledge can direct decisions to attempt or to abandon a particular opportunity .
this knowledge can direct decisions to [try] or to abandon a particular opportunity .

To begin with , it is an attempt to influence a great deal that is beyond management 's direct sphere of influence .
to begin with , it is an [try] to influence a great deal that is beyond management 's direct sphere of influence .

His anthropological attempt to account for spatial variations in the nature of politics is countered by others who associate the origins of political variations across the earth 's surface with variations within the sphere of production ( notably with the core-periphery structure of the capitalist world-economy : Johnston , 1984d , 1989d ; Taylor , 1989 ) .
his anthropological [try] to account for spatial variations in the nature of politics is countered by others who associate the origins of political variations across the earth 's surface with variations within the sphere of production ( notably with the core-periphery structure of the capitalist world-economy : johnston , 1984d , 1989d ; taylor , 1989 ) .

This junior rank was introduced by the agency during the course of the research in an attempt to establish a training grade for field staff and as a means of relieving district officers of some of the simpler but time-consuming tasks of routine river sampling .
this junior rank was introduced by the agency during the course of the research in an [try] to establish a training grade for field staff and as a means of relieving district officers of some of the simpler but time-consuming tasks of routine river sampling .

Although hardly ever employed , this right of appeal in effect confers bargaining power upon the discharger who seeks to counter administrative extravagance , since the agencies attempt to avoid appeal at almost all costs :
although hardly ever employed , this right of appeal in effect confers bargaining power upon the discharger who seeks to counter administrative extravagance , since the agencies [try] to avoid appeal at almost all costs :

‘ an attempt to span out 95 per cent of the quality of effluent at present discharged from the [ sewage ] works , taking out the fliers and the obviously bad discharges .
‘ an [try] to span out 95 per cent of the quality of effluent at present discharged from the [ sewage ] works , taking out the fliers and the obviously bad discharges .

The most striking example of an ( unsuccessful ) attempt at bribery was described by an officer who was offered a free choice of goods from a manufacturer 's showroom if he would pour away a formal sample he had just taken ( see s. iii , ch .
the most striking example of an ( unsuccessful ) [try] at bribery was described by an officer who was offered a free choice of goods from a manufacturer 's showroom if he would pour away a formal sample he had just taken ( see s. iii , ch .

Senior staffing the northern agency did attempt during the research period systematically to evaluate their officers ' work from their sampling records .
senior staffing the northern agency did [try] during the research period systematically to evaluate their officers ' work from their sampling records .

The analysis of sampling behaviour by headquarters , however , was immediately resented by field staff as an attempt to monitor their performance .
the analysis of sampling behaviour by headquarters , however , was immediately resented by field staff as an [try] to monitor their performance .

But some attempt at disguise is essential . Hence staff sample covertly where they can , without gaining access to the discharger 's premises ; or they sample at night or weekends when they are not expected to be at work , and any routine sampling done during the day is never by appointment :
but some [try] at disguise is essential . hence staff sample covertly where they can , without gaining access to the discharger 's premises ; or they sample at night or weekends when they are not expected to be at work , and any routine sampling done during the day is never by appointment :

One is that any attempt to draw a line between the meaning of a word and ‘ encyclopaedic ’ facts concerning the extra-linguistic referents of the word would be quite arbitrary ; another is that there is no motivation for isolating ‘ pragmatic meaning ’ as a separate domain of lexical meaning .
one is that any [try] to draw a line between the meaning of a word and ‘ encyclopaedic ’ facts concerning the extra-linguistic referents of the word would be quite arbitrary ; another is that there is no motivation for isolating ‘ pragmatic meaning ’ as a separate domain of lexical meaning .

Observe now what happens when we attempt to set up an equation like 6 using a portion of a sentence which is clearly not a semantic constituent .
observe now what happens when we [try] to set up an equation like 6 using a portion of a sentence which is clearly not a semantic constituent .

It is a curious fact that native speakers are unwilling to attempt even an approximate gloss of the meaning of cran — , yet there is no such hesitation with foot in foot the bill .
it is a curious fact that native speakers are unwilling to [try] even an approximate gloss of the meaning of cran — , yet there is no such hesitation with foot in foot the bill .

Any attempt to frame a definition along these lines , however , would run aground because , although such a definition could be made fairly general , it would not discriminate sharply enough to provide a guarantee of hyponymy :
any [try] to frame a definition along these lines , however , would run aground because , although such a definition could be made fairly general , it would not discriminate sharply enough to provide a guarantee of hyponymy :

Some proportional series , however , can only be extended along one axis at a time ; if an attempt is made to extend them along both axes simultaneously , unfillable structure points are created .
some proportional series , however , can only be extended along one axis at a time ; if an [try] is made to extend them along both axes simultaneously , unfillable structure points are created .

She is naked and makes no attempt to cover any more of herself than people do who are all alone .
she is naked and makes no [try] to cover any more of herself than people do who are all alone .

But do n't worry about the attempt to hoodwink an innocent investigator .
but do n't worry about the [try] to hoodwink an innocent investigator .

It was just an attempt .
it was just an [try] .

Not everyone can attempt reform on this scale , but established houses can also bridge the gap by showing themselves , like others , to be human , transforming their ceremony where ‘ everything is as stiff , formal , and tedious , as if your host were a Spanish grandee in the days of the Inquisition 's — Chesney Wold , in effect — into something like the easy welcome of a middle-class home . Mr Lyle 's neighbours at Beaumanoir contrive , despite its size , to make it seem intimate and domestic by creating the ‘ lived-in look ’ ( which Jane Austen appears to be describing with some scepticism in Persuasion ) :
not everyone can [try] reform on this scale , but established houses can also bridge the gap by showing themselves , like others , to be human , transforming their ceremony where ‘ everything is as stiff , formal , and tedious , as if your host were a spanish grandee in the days of the inquisition 's — chesney wold , in effect — into something like the easy welcome of a middle-class home . mr lyle 's neighbours at beaumanoir contrive , despite its size , to make it seem intimate and domestic by creating the ‘ lived-in look ’ ( which jane austen appears to be describing with some scepticism in persuasion ) :

The National Assessment of Educational Progress — an attempt to establish the condition of the nation 's overall educational well-being by administering selected tests to carefully chosen ‘ light ’ samples of the school population .
the national assessment of educational progress — an [try] to establish the condition of the nation 's overall educational well-being by administering selected tests to carefully chosen ‘ light ’ samples of the school population .

The work of Bennis , Benne and Chin ( 1969 ) , and other strategy theorists , is relevant here , although in collating the evidence of various strategies of change little attempt has been made to judge their relative effectiveness .
the work of bennis , benne and chin ( 1969 ) , and other strategy theorists , is relevant here , although in collating the evidence of various strategies of change little [try] has been made to judge their relative effectiveness .

The law 's requirement for information on entry is an attempt to take account of the variety of policies operated by schools .
the law 's requirement for information on entry is an [try] to take account of the variety of policies operated by schools .

Reclamation was begun on a large scale in the mid-seventeenth century by the so-called Adventurers who adventured their capital in an attempt to drain the fens .
reclamation was begun on a large scale in the mid-seventeenth century by the so-called adventurers who adventured their capital in an [try] to drain the fens .

The steep-sided valley of Stroud-Water in Gloucestershire must have presented much the same kind of picture , but Defoe does not attempt any description of it beyond saying that ‘ the clothiers Iye all along the banks of this river for near 20 miles ’ ; and Celia Fiennes passed along the high road over the uplands from Gloucester to Bath and failed to notice it at all .
the steep-sided valley of stroud-water in gloucestershire must have presented much the same kind of picture , but defoe does not [try] any description of it beyond saying that ‘ the clothiers iye all along the banks of this river for near 20 miles ’ ; and celia fiennes passed along the high road over the uplands from gloucester to bath and failed to notice it at all .

Most landlords , even bishops and abbots , made no attempt to lay out their new towns .
most landlords , even bishops and abbots , made no [try] to lay out their new towns .

And what would be the role of education and cultural production in the attempt to bring those conditions into being ?
and what would be the role of education and cultural production in the [try] to bring those conditions into being ?

The Burnage Report is the first document of its kind to attempt to deal with some of these complexities .
the burnage report is the first document of its kind to [try] to deal with some of these complexities .

Other left antiracists , like Madan Sarup , are more aware in principle of the pitfalls of such class reductionism , and attempt to disavow it .
other left antiracists , like madan sarup , are more aware in principle of the pitfalls of such class reductionism , and [try] to disavow it .

attempt to understand and explain immediate daily experience , while the real reasons for both the socio-economic decline and New Commonwealth immigration are to be found in much more abstract and long-standing social and economic processes which can not be grasped in terms of daily experience . ( original emphasis , Phizacklea and Miles , 1979 , p. 118 )
[try] to understand and explain immediate daily experience , while the real reasons for both the socio-economic decline and new commonwealth immigration are to be found in much more abstract and long-standing social and economic processes which can not be grasped in terms of daily experience . ( original emphasis , phizacklea and miles , 1979 , p. 118 )

That is , racist , ethnocentric and nationalist ideas , which attempt to create strict symbolic and institutional barriers between collectivities , have also to coexist and continually articulate with a variety of discourses and practices around meritocracy , equal opportunities and citizenship rights .
that is , racist , ethnocentric and nationalist ideas , which [try] to create strict symbolic and institutional barriers between collectivities , have also to coexist and continually articulate with a variety of discourses and practices around meritocracy , equal opportunities and citizenship rights .

This submission appears to me to suggest a way of making more effective proceedings in Parliament by allowing the court to consider what has been said in Parliament as an aid to resolving an ambiguity which may well have become apparent only as a result of the attempt to apply the enacted words to a particular case .
this submission appears to me to suggest a way of making more effective proceedings in parliament by allowing the court to consider what has been said in parliament as an aid to resolving an ambiguity which may well have become apparent only as a result of the [try] to apply the enacted words to a particular case .

Superficially such a resolution might appear to have been no more than a minimum concession by the Federation in response to the seamen 's involvement in a wave of strikes by transport workers which had reverberated around the ports of Britain in the previous summer — an undertaking that it would withdraw its `` ticket `` if the union would do the same , so that neither side would attempt to control the supply of seamen and free labour disputes would cease .
superficially such a resolution might appear to have been no more than a minimum concession by the federation in response to the seamen 's involvement in a wave of strikes by transport workers which had reverberated around the ports of britain in the previous summer — an undertaking that it would withdraw its `` ticket `` if the union would do the same , so that neither side would [try] to control the supply of seamen and free labour disputes would cease .

On the basis of our investigations we attempt to assess the extent of employment Security enjoyed by these two groups of temporary workers .
on the basis of our investigations we [try] to assess the extent of employment security enjoyed by these two groups of temporary workers .

In an attempt to keep labour costs to a minimum none of the organizations wanted to employ any more labour than was absolutely necessary .
in an [try] to keep labour costs to a minimum none of the organizations wanted to employ any more labour than was absolutely necessary .

Whilst the desired output and constraints can be specified in both the secondary and tertiary activities , it is extremely difficult at times to specify the form of the output required in the primary stage and even more difficult to attempt to quantify it .
whilst the desired output and constraints can be specified in both the secondary and tertiary activities , it is extremely difficult at times to specify the form of the output required in the primary stage and even more difficult to [try] to quantify it .

When two bodies attempt to exist within the same sub-space their functional association needs to be checked .
when two bodies [try] to exist within the same sub-space their functional association needs to be checked .

In kinematics the coupling of components is usually described in terms of Reuleaux pairs which attempt to describe the allowable motions between parts .
in kinematics the coupling of components is usually described in terms of reuleaux pairs which [try] to describe the allowable motions between parts .

The two procedures are seen to attempt to handle the result of an imposed change of mechanism state in different ways .
the two procedures are seen to [try] to handle the result of an imposed change of mechanism state in different ways .

As recently as 1949 a Dutch officer had committed some appalling massacres here in a misguided attempt to regain control of the colonies for Holland . ``
as recently as 1949 a dutch officer had committed some appalling massacres here in a misguided [try] to regain control of the colonies for holland . ``

His recent conversion to Christianity , his gruelling exposure to the banking system in his attempt to raise money for the rites , and his position as arbitrator between the old Tominah priests and representatives of the Jakarta government were getting him down .
his recent conversion to christianity , his gruelling exposure to the banking system in his [try] to raise money for the rites , and his position as arbitrator between the old tominah priests and representatives of the jakarta government were getting him down .

It made no attempt to bite , but held its face close to Laba 's , intently watching him while its forked tongue flickered around his nose .
it made no [try] to bite , but held its face close to laba 's , intently watching him while its forked tongue flickered around his nose .

In the absence of such continuous assessment , officially applied , you must make a serious attempt to produce the short-term aims within your own thinking .
in the absence of such continuous assessment , officially applied , you must make a serious [try] to produce the short-term aims within your own thinking .

If you attend a mountaineering club lecture in order to discover whether you should attempt this sport , you will follow the discussion much more easily if you have read a little about it .
if you attend a mountaineering club lecture in order to discover whether you should [try] this sport , you will follow the discussion much more easily if you have read a little about it .

There should be no attempt to shorten it to newspaper-headline form .
there should be no [try] to shorten it to newspaper-headline form .

He appreciates a good attempt at an answer even if the final result is not `` correct `` .
he appreciates a good [try] at an answer even if the final result is not `` correct `` .

Some of them may succeed in keeping abreast of course-work but will make little attempt to understand what has been presented to them during lectures and tutorial periods .
some of them may succeed in keeping abreast of course-work but will make little [try] to understand what has been presented to them during lectures and tutorial periods .

Thousands of students annually attempt important examinations without any practice at all !
thousands of students annually [try] important examinations without any practice at all !

It is essential , therefore , that you attempt the required number of questions , in order to play a winning game .
it is essential , therefore , that you [try] the required number of questions , in order to play a winning game .

We use a vast range of soaps and deodorants to attack our bodies , particularly those areas containing apocrine glands , in an often vain attempt to eliminate these odours .
we use a vast range of soaps and deodorants to attack our bodies , particularly those areas containing apocrine glands , in an often vain [try] to eliminate these odours .

The cockroach has a similarly high-speed existence and can react to any attempt to crush it in a fiftieth of a second , while our own reaction time is a tenth of a second .
the cockroach has a similarly high-speed existence and can react to any [try] to crush it in a fiftieth of a second , while our own reaction time is a tenth of a second .

Daniel too was given garments , some he might wear and some he would n't , socks , scarf , tie , all of them not black , as though the company had made a preconcerted attempt to cheer him up .
daniel too was given garments , some he might wear and some he would n't , socks , scarf , tie , all of them not black , as though the company had made a preconcerted [try] to cheer him up .

Let 's attempt to obtain a general solution of this problem .
let 's [try] to obtain a general solution of this problem .

In my opinion , any attempt to reconcile the statements of principle in Lawrence and Morris is a complete waste of time .
in my opinion , any [try] to reconcile the statements of principle in lawrence and morris is a complete waste of time .

No attempt at organised march was made whatsoever , but by the time the Croats , both soldiers and civilians , had passed the road junction … leading to Bleiburg , they had been stripped of everything they possessed , including animals , carts , bicycles , food and personal belongings etc .
no [try] at organised march was made whatsoever , but by the time the croats , both soldiers and civilians , had passed the road junction … leading to bleiburg , they had been stripped of everything they possessed , including animals , carts , bicycles , food and personal belongings etc .

At least no trace of an attempt to do so has survived among the voluminous Cossack and British sources .
at least no trace of an [try] to do so has survived among the voluminous cossack and british sources .

No attempt is made here to provide a comprehensive survey of the literature ; the intention rather is to introduce the basic experimental techniques and to summarise some of the principal findings and theoretical issues .
no [try] is made here to provide a comprehensive survey of the literature ; the intention rather is to introduce the basic experimental techniques and to summarise some of the principal findings and theoretical issues .

Information processing theorists attempt to define these stages and the order in which they occur .
information processing theorists [try] to define these stages and the order in which they occur .

In an attempt to identify the musical dimensions which determine the left ear effect , Gordon ( 1970 ) presented competing melodies matched for rhythm and pitch to experienced musical subjects .
in an [try] to identify the musical dimensions which determine the left ear effect , gordon ( 1970 ) presented competing melodies matched for rhythm and pitch to experienced musical subjects .

Nonetheless , the stimuli and tasks used in dichotic listening research have been almost as varied as the number of investigations undertaken with little or no attempt at proper validation .
nonetheless , the stimuli and tasks used in dichotic listening research have been almost as varied as the number of investigations undertaken with little or no [try] at proper validation .

The first attempt to assess cerebral dominance for language in a group of non-right handed patients appears to have been that of Pratt , Warrington and Halliday ( 1971 ) who tested 12 right handers and 12 so-called left handers .
the first [try] to assess cerebral dominance for language in a group of non-right handed patients appears to have been that of pratt , warrington and halliday ( 1971 ) who tested 12 right handers and 12 so-called left handers .

In an attempt to prevent you regaining the unwanted pounds we have looked at each individual question and made some suggested solutions .
in an [try] to prevent you regaining the unwanted pounds we have looked at each individual question and made some suggested solutions .

There are certain people who should not attempt this diet .
there are certain people who should not [try] this diet .

You should thus not attempt this diet :
you should thus not [try] this diet :

Some of these messages are intentional — when John speaks to Bill he chooses language , makes deliberate gestures and controls the expression on his face in a conscious attempt to signal certain information and attitudes .
some of these messages are intentional — when john speaks to bill he chooses language , makes deliberate gestures and controls the expression on his face in a conscious [try] to signal certain information and attitudes .

Do we need to teach the visual elements of communication ? There is no question that visual features are very much part of face-to-face communication . Now that we have video in the classroom the opportunity to focus on the visual is clearly there , so should we attempt to include it in a systematic way ? Should we make sure that we work through a list of gestures , for example , in the same way that we cover a set of basic language functions in the beginners ' syllabus ?
do we need to teach the visual elements of communication ? there is no question that visual features are very much part of face-to-face communication . now that we have video in the classroom the opportunity to focus on the visual is clearly there , so should we [try] to include it in a systematic way ? should we make sure that we work through a list of gestures , for example , in the same way that we cover a set of basic language functions in the beginners ' syllabus ?

Video is a good medium with which to move them away from the beginner 's preoccupation with individual words to an attempt to follow the general drift of a message .
video is a good medium with which to move them away from the beginner 's preoccupation with individual words to an [try] to follow the general drift of a message .

The girl 's serious little face was delicate , rounded , promising that she would soon flower into at least as striking a beauty as her mother ; in an attempt to make her smile Joseph winked theatrically at her , but this made her draw closer to her mother and she continued to gaze gravely back at him with the curious , unselfconscious eyes of childhood .
the girl 's serious little face was delicate , rounded , promising that she would soon flower into at least as striking a beauty as her mother ; in an [try] to make her smile joseph winked theatrically at her , but this made her draw closer to her mother and she continued to gaze gravely back at him with the curious , unselfconscious eyes of childhood .

She had chosen her words with calculation in an attempt to break the impersonal barrier the Frenchman seemed determined to keep between them .
she had chosen her words with calculation in an [try] to break the impersonal barrier the frenchman seemed determined to keep between them .

The American boy , he saw , was puffing out his cheeks and making loud trumpeting noises in an attempt to emulate these feats , and it was this comic performance that was causing the Annamese boys to shake with laughter .
the american boy , he saw , was puffing out his cheeks and making loud trumpeting noises in an [try] to emulate these feats , and it was this comic performance that was causing the annamese boys to shake with laughter .

We 're going to match up that cow and her little calf we got last week with a daddy — or go bust in the attempt . ``
we 're going to match up that cow and her little calf we got last week with a daddy — or go bust in the [try] . ``

After the second escape attempt they were beaten again and flung into the blackness of stone-floored isolation cells in the nearby fort at An Dap .
after the second escape [try] they were beaten again and flung into the blackness of stone-floored isolation cells in the nearby fort at an dap .

Had there been another mass breakout attempt in the night for which they were all to be punished ?
had there been another mass breakout [try] in the night for which they were all to be punished ?

`` There was a mass breakout two weeks ago and the cai uncovered an attempt to organize a strike .
`` there was a mass breakout two weeks ago and the cai uncovered an [try] to organize a strike .

They attempt , as far as possible , to base their interpretations upon factual evidence from primary sources , but still they often disagree .
they [try] , as far as possible , to base their interpretations upon factual evidence from primary sources , but still they often disagree .

Historians use ordinary everyday language to communicate their thoughts but this can obstruct the historian 's attempt to reveal the truth about the past :
historians use ordinary everyday language to communicate their thoughts but this can obstruct the historian 's [try] to reveal the truth about the past :

You must look beyond the generalisation to the particulars that these labels attempt to describe .
you must look beyond the generalisation to the particulars that these labels [try] to describe .

The book is essentially an attempt to substantiate these theses .
the book is essentially an [try] to substantiate these theses .

Historians do not make bald statements and always attempt to substantiate their point .
historians do not make bald statements and always [try] to substantiate their point .

When beginning a new topic , consult general texts before you attempt more specialised or demanding leading .
when beginning a new topic , consult general texts before you [try] more specialised or demanding leading .

Do not attempt to create a neat copy in you note-making immediately .
do not [try] to create a neat copy in you note-making immediately .

( d ) Recognise the medium of the message — for example , the style , language , form or mode of expression may in themselves be of importance , and some attempt should be made to convey them in the precis .
( d ) recognise the medium of the message — for example , the style , language , form or mode of expression may in themselves be of importance , and some [try] should be made to convey them in the precis .

On the other hand to say that `` The General Strike was an attempt by the Trade Unions to blackmail the government `` is not a fact .
on the other hand to say that `` the general strike was an [try] by the trade unions to blackmail the government `` is not a fact .

The cat made no attempt to get out .
the cat made no [try] to get out .

An attempt has been made by the present writer to convey something of the lawless nature and the rough , tough frontierland conditions of post-Speranskii Siberia in his later chapter comparing Siberia to the American ‘ Wild West ’ and analysing the relationship between exile , vagrancy and crime in the region .
an [try] has been made by the present writer to convey something of the lawless nature and the rough , tough frontierland conditions of post-speranskii siberia in his later chapter comparing siberia to the american ‘ wild west ’ and analysing the relationship between exile , vagrancy and crime in the region .

There are certain things that need to be considered before you attempt to keep Butterflyfish .
there are certain things that need to be considered before you [try] to keep butterflyfish .

Much emphasis , as in marine fishkeeping with its not dissimilar trickle filters , is now placed on anaerobic bacteria within the media , in an attempt to lessen nitrates , ( as well as the more deadly ammonia and nitrites dealt with by aerobic bacteria ) .
much emphasis , as in marine fishkeeping with its not dissimilar trickle filters , is now placed on anaerobic bacteria within the media , in an [try] to lessen nitrates , ( as well as the more deadly ammonia and nitrites dealt with by aerobic bacteria ) .

But at weekends , they attempt to rendezvous over the Oxford marmalade , and on this occasion had succeeded .
but at weekends , they [try] to rendezvous over the oxford marmalade , and on this occasion had succeeded .

In other corners and other rooms , dozens of other topics floated gaily on the lively , slightly choppy waters , their pennants bobbing and fluttering in the end-of-year , the terminal breeze : the approaching steel strike , the brave new era of threatened privatization , the abuse of North Sea oil resources , the situation in Afghanistan , the Annan report , the prospect of a fourth television channel , the viability of Charles 's attempt to conquer the United States , the Cambridge Apostles , the disarray of the Labour Party , the deplorable vogue for Buck 's Fizz as a party drink , the Yorkshire Ripper , the Harrow Road murderer , the Prince of Wales .
in other corners and other rooms , dozens of other topics floated gaily on the lively , slightly choppy waters , their pennants bobbing and fluttering in the end-of-year , the terminal breeze : the approaching steel strike , the brave new era of threatened privatization , the abuse of north sea oil resources , the situation in afghanistan , the annan report , the prospect of a fourth television channel , the viability of charles 's [try] to conquer the united states , the cambridge apostles , the disarray of the labour party , the deplorable vogue for buck 's fizz as a party drink , the yorkshire ripper , the harrow road murderer , the prince of wales .

2 ) that this was contemplated and considerable reason to think that any attempt to have done so would have been futile .
2 ) that this was contemplated and considerable reason to think that any [try] to have done so would have been futile .

It would be wrong to treat this case as a decision on the application of section 6. which was clearly not in the court 's contemplation , but it may be permissible to comment that if an offence of this kind is to be held to be sufficiently serious to justify a substantial community service order , the scheme of the Act , with its albeit clumsy attempt to raise the public perception of the severity of community sentences , seems destined to failure .
it would be wrong to treat this case as a decision on the application of section 6. which was clearly not in the court 's contemplation , but it may be permissible to comment that if an offence of this kind is to be held to be sufficiently serious to justify a substantial community service order , the scheme of the act , with its albeit clumsy [try] to raise the public perception of the severity of community sentences , seems destined to failure .

McIlvanney rode the roller-coaster with Ali — Copper , Liston , Frazier , Norton — climaxing with his seemingly futile attempt in 1975 to regain his world title from the unbeaten George Foreman in the bizarre setting of Kinshasa , Zaire .
mcilvanney rode the roller-coaster with ali — copper , liston , frazier , norton — climaxing with his seemingly futile [try] in 1975 to regain his world title from the unbeaten george foreman in the bizarre setting of kinshasa , zaire .

The attempt failed , but it really should not have been tried .
the [try] failed , but it really should not have been tried .

More than once , depression drove him to attempt suicide .
more than once , depression drove him to [try] suicide .

Such behaviour would be regarded as boastful and arrogant , and , since it reveals the ignorance of others , it would be interpreted as an attempt to undermine their confidence and shame them .
such behaviour would be regarded as boastful and arrogant , and , since it reveals the ignorance of others , it would be interpreted as an [try] to undermine their confidence and shame them .

The most influential attempt to apply natural science methodology to sociology is known as ‘ positivism ’ .
the most influential [try] to apply natural science methodology to sociology is known as ‘ positivism ’ .

When functionalists attempt to explain systems of social stratification , they set their explanations in the framework of larger theories which seek to explain the operation of society as a whole .
when functionalists [try] to explain systems of social stratification , they set their explanations in the framework of larger theories which seek to explain the operation of society as a whole .

They attempt to explain ‘ in functional terms , the universal necessity which calls forth stratification in any social system ’ .
they [try] to explain ‘ in functional terms , the universal necessity which calls forth stratification in any social system ’ .

An example of one attempt to translate this idea into reality is provided by the Israeli kibbutzim system .
an example of one [try] to translate this idea into reality is provided by the israeli kibbutzim system .

Some commentators have questioned , though , whether kibbutzim can be seen as a serious attempt to produce an egalitarian society .
some commentators have questioned , though , whether kibbutzim can be seen as a serious [try] to produce an egalitarian society .

They may grumble , work to rule , sabotage industrial machinery , take strike action or attempt to organize other members of their class in an effort to overthrow capitalism .
they may grumble , work to rule , sabotage industrial machinery , take strike action or [try] to organize other members of their class in an effort to overthrow capitalism .

Others have drawn their inspiration from one or other of these classic sociologists , but have made significant alterations to their original theories in an attempt to describe and explain the class structures of capitalist industrial societies .
others have drawn their inspiration from one or other of these classic sociologists , but have made significant alterations to their original theories in an [try] to describe and explain the class structures of capitalist industrial societies .

Successive governments in Britain have made much less attempt to tax wealth than income .
successive governments in britain have made much less [try] to tax wealth than income .

For example some landowners invested money in manufacturing or industries such as mining , and some manufacturers bought large estates in an attempt to gain the social acceptance enjoyed by the aristocracy .
for example some landowners invested money in manufacturing or industries such as mining , and some manufacturers bought large estates in an [try] to gain the social acceptance enjoyed by the aristocracy .

The attempt to analyse the position of the middle class in the class structure has been a major preoccupation of sociologists of stratification .
the [try] to analyse the position of the middle class in the class structure has been a major preoccupation of sociologists of stratification .

Although he identified the trend towards more non-manual jobs , Marx made no detailed attempt to explain how they fitted into his theory of stratification .
although he identified the trend towards more non-manual jobs , marx made no detailed [try] to explain how they fitted into his theory of stratification .

The Ehrenreichs provide an interesting attempt to analyse the position of one part of the ‘ middle class ’ within a neo-Marxist framework .
the ehrenreichs provide an interesting [try] to analyse the position of one part of the ‘ middle class ’ within a neo-marxist framework .

She believes that in Newton 's alchemy we can catch a glimpse of ‘ at least a small part of his attempt to reconcile magic and science ’ .
she believes that in newton 's alchemy we can catch a glimpse of ‘ at least a small part of his [try] to reconcile magic and science ’ .

Zeng knew more than most about Peking , having spent the previous two years wandering the streets of the ancient capital Leica-in-hand in an attempt to document the lives of its multitudes , and by the time the student protests began he had already amassed an impressive body of work .
zeng knew more than most about peking , having spent the previous two years wandering the streets of the ancient capital leica-in-hand in an [try] to document the lives of its multitudes , and by the time the student protests began he had already amassed an impressive body of work .

There is a fairly obvious way in which the extreme naive inductivist position criticized in the previous section can be weakened in an attempt to counter some of the criticism .
there is a fairly obvious way in which the extreme naive inductivist position criticized in the previous section can be weakened in an [try] to counter some of the criticism .

Another attempt to save the inductivist programme involves giving up the idea of ascribing probabilities to scientific laws and theories .
another [try] to save the inductivist programme involves giving up the idea of ascribing probabilities to scientific laws and theories .

But this dependence of the probability of the correctness of predictions on universal laws and theories undermines the attempt of the inductivists to ascribe non-zero probabilities to individual predictions .
but this dependence of the probability of the correctness of predictions on universal laws and theories undermines the [try] of the inductivists to ascribe non-zero probabilities to individual predictions .

In the last chapter , this position was criticized by pointing to difficulties involved in any attempt to justify the inductive reasoning involved in the derivation of scientific laws and theories from observation .
in the last chapter , this position was criticized by pointing to difficulties involved in any [try] to justify the inductive reasoning involved in the derivation of scientific laws and theories from observation .

Here are some less-contrived examples more helpful for our attempt to understand the nature of science .
here are some less-contrived examples more helpful for our [try] to understand the nature of science .

Theories are construed as speculative and tentative conjectures or guesses freely created by the human intellect in an attempt to overcome problems encountered by previous theories and to give an adequate account of the behaviour of some aspects of the world or universe .
theories are construed as speculative and tentative conjectures or guesses freely created by the human intellect in an [try] to overcome problems encountered by previous theories and to give an adequate account of the behaviour of some aspects of the world or universe .

Modifications of a theory in an attempt to overcome a difficulty need not be ad hoc .
modifications of a theory in an [try] to overcome a difficulty need not be ad hoc .

In an attempt to overcome the difficulty , it was suggested , by Leverrier in France and by Adams in England , that there existed a previously undetected planet in the vicinity of Uranus .
in an [try] to overcome the difficulty , it was suggested , by leverrier in france and by adams in england , that there existed a previously undetected planet in the vicinity of uranus .

The independently testable attempt to save Newton 's theory by a speculative hypothesis was a success because that hypothesis was confirmed by the discovery of Neptune and not because it was falsified .
the independently testable [try] to save newton 's theory by a speculative hypothesis was a success because that hypothesis was confirmed by the discovery of neptune and not because it was falsified .

The remainder of the chapter will be devoted to a summary of one notable attempt to analyse theories as organized structures , Imre Lakatos 's ‘ Methodology of Scientific Research Programmes ’ .
the remainder of the chapter will be devoted to a summary of one notable [try] to analyse theories as organized structures , imre lakatos 's ‘ methodology of scientific research programmes ’ .

Lakatos developed his picture of science in an attempt to improve on , and overcome the objections to , Popperian falsificationism .
lakatos developed his picture of science in an [try] to improve on , and overcome the objections to , popperian falsificationism .

However , it does not follow from this that a scientist will not be able to attempt to articulate the presuppositions involved in his paradigm , should the need arise .
however , it does not follow from this that a scientist will not be able to [try] to articulate the presuppositions involved in his paradigm , should the need arise .

In those circumstances , it will be necessary to attempt to spell out the general laws , metaphysical and methodological principles , etc .
in those circumstances , it will be necessary to [try] to spell out the general laws , metaphysical and methodological principles , etc .

Miltiades ' last operation ( in 489 ) against the island of Paros , in the Cyclades , can be seen as an attempt to move on to the offensive against Persia after the defensive stand at Marathon .
miltiades ' last operation ( in 489 ) against the island of paros , in the cyclades , can be seen as an [try] to move on to the offensive against persia after the defensive stand at marathon .

To cut the Persian nobility off from such sources of revenue would be a good way of avenging the Persian attempt to satrapize Greece in 480 , and to farm Attica and Euboia as royal estates .
to cut the persian nobility off from such sources of revenue would be a good way of avenging the persian [try] to satrapize greece in 480 , and to farm attica and euboia as royal estates .

An attempt to annex nearby Epizephyrian Lokri was put a stop to by Hiero in 478 .
an [try] to annex nearby epizephyrian lokri was put a stop to by hiero in 478 .

Alexander was probably right to think , as he evidently did , that he would be better off if Persia rather than Athens ruled the Aegean : within a decade of the establishment of the Delian League , Athens began the expansion in the north , and the attempt to settle Amphipolis , on the River Strymon , which at certain times in the next century and a half dominated her foreign policy to the exclusion of all else ( Thuc .
alexander was probably right to think , as he evidently did , that he would be better off if persia rather than athens ruled the aegean : within a decade of the establishment of the delian league , athens began the expansion in the north , and the [try] to settle amphipolis , on the river strymon , which at certain times in the next century and a half dominated her foreign policy to the exclusion of all else ( thuc .

i.23 , a famous and deeply original statement which is the first conscious attempt to develop a theory of historical causation : ‘ The truest cause ’ , he says , ‘ was one not much admitted at the time : it was the growth of Athenian power , which frightened the Spartans and forced them to war .
i.23 , a famous and deeply original statement which is the first conscious [try] to develop a theory of historical causation : ‘ the truest cause ’ , he says , ‘ was one not much admitted at the time : it was the growth of athenian power , which frightened the spartans and forced them to war .

Attica after Kleisthenes , which allowed a man to be loyal to and to participate in the affairs of his deme , and also to join in making the city 's decisions , was another such attempt to reconcile city and countryside .
attica after kleisthenes , which allowed a man to be loyal to and to participate in the affairs of his deme , and also to join in making the city 's decisions , was another such [try] to reconcile city and countryside .

The other specific role of government in the rural economy has been the attempt to create jobs , mainly by fostering manufacturing .
the other specific role of government in the rural economy has been the [try] to create jobs , mainly by fostering manufacturing .

In the Lake District National Park , an experiment was conducted after 1974 to attempt to restrict second homes purchases of new houses ( Clark 1982a , 1982b ) .
in the lake district national park , an experiment was conducted after 1974 to [try] to restrict second homes purchases of new houses ( clark 1982a , 1982b ) .

This is one way in which rural housing departments can attempt to overcome certain of their problems , and it seems that at least some councils are adopting such procedures of ‘ positive ’ transfer management .
this is one way in which rural housing departments can [try] to overcome certain of their problems , and it seems that at least some councils are adopting such procedures of ‘ positive ’ transfer management .

Housing associations attempt to provide housing at fair rents either for community needs or for special groups such as retired rural workers , the elderly or the handicapped , both through building and through acquisition of existing properties ( Clark 1981 ) .
housing associations [try] to provide housing at fair rents either for community needs or for special groups such as retired rural workers , the elderly or the handicapped , both through building and through acquisition of existing properties ( clark 1981 ) .

Any attempt by geographers to define ‘ accessible ’ or ‘ inaccessible ’ places is an approximation .
any [try] by geographers to define ‘ accessible ’ or ‘ inaccessible ’ places is an approximation .

Nevertheless , he thought it necessary , and we agree , in the context of this case , to attempt to satisfy us that the United Kingdom is not in any event in breach of the Convention .
nevertheless , he thought it necessary , and we agree , in the context of this case , to [try] to satisfy us that the united kingdom is not in any event in breach of the convention .

Any attempt to stifle or fetter such criticism amounts to political censorship of the most insidious and objectionable kind .
any [try] to stifle or fetter such criticism amounts to political censorship of the most insidious and objectionable kind .

It will be noted that there was here no attempt to carry out the balancing exercise required by article 10 and for that reason alone this decision is of little persuasive authority .
it will be noted that there was here no [try] to carry out the balancing exercise required by article 10 and for that reason alone this decision is of little persuasive authority .

Any attempt to stifle or fetter such criticism amounts to political censorship of the most insidious and objectionable kind .
any [try] to stifle or fetter such criticism amounts to political censorship of the most insidious and objectionable kind .

Any attempt to stifle or fetter such criticism amounts to political censorship of the most insidious and objectionable kind .
any [try] to stifle or fetter such criticism amounts to political censorship of the most insidious and objectionable kind .

It is true that the Derbyshire County Council is a public authority and it is engaged in an attempt to discourage a national newspaper from critical comment about its affairs by an action for damages .
it is true that the derbyshire county council is a public authority and it is engaged in an [try] to discourage a national newspaper from critical comment about its affairs by an action for damages .

The attempt by the English Crown Prosecution Service to obtain the confiscation of the benefits obtained by Randle and Pottle from the publication of their book raises a number of important questions about the nature , scope and purpose of the legislation which permits such actions .
the [try] by the english crown prosecution service to obtain the confiscation of the benefits obtained by randle and pottle from the publication of their book raises a number of important questions about the nature , scope and purpose of the legislation which permits such actions .

An innovative attempt to distinguish between the more objectionable forms of cheque-book journalism and the literature which makes a significant contribution to the culture or contributes to the prevention of crime or the rehabilitation of offenders is being made in Victoria , Australia , where the Crimes ( Confiscation of Profits ) Amendment Act 1991 ( Vic . )
an innovative [try] to distinguish between the more objectionable forms of cheque-book journalism and the literature which makes a significant contribution to the culture or contributes to the prevention of crime or the rehabilitation of offenders is being made in victoria , australia , where the crimes ( confiscation of profits ) amendment act 1991 ( vic . )

No attempt had been made to secure the tape and its existence was never revealed to the Crown Prosecution Service .
no [try] had been made to secure the tape and its existence was never revealed to the crown prosecution service .

What the opponent observes is either an attempt at manipulation or costly delays by the other party , expressing apparent lack of interest .
what the opponent observes is either an [try] at manipulation or costly delays by the other party , expressing apparent lack of interest .

( Adorno 's ingenious but unpersuasive attempt to rescue Beethoven from these contradictory circumstances of reproduction relies on a post facto construction of the ‘ real ’ Beethoven : ‘ unity has become clear only today and largely through the efforts of later production in music ’ ( Adorno 1978b : 149 ) . )
( adorno 's ingenious but unpersuasive [try] to rescue beethoven from these contradictory circumstances of reproduction relies on a post facto construction of the ‘ real ’ beethoven : ‘ unity has become clear only today and largely through the efforts of later production in music ’ ( adorno 1978b : 149 ) . )

While do-it-yourself rock , fan-club organizations and dancing-in-the-aisles are certainly not independent of industry interests , such a breathtaking theoretical closure reduces the musical role of the vast majority of humankind to a subservient attempt to match up , as listeners , to the demands of ‘ advanced ’ producers ; Marx 's vision of a future with every man an artist certainly seems to be definitively buried , but on a less exalted level , there is once again no attempt to look for the possibility of contradictory meanings in the actual practice of real listeners .
while do-it-yourself rock , fan-club organizations and dancing-in-the-aisles are certainly not independent of industry interests , such a breathtaking theoretical closure reduces the musical role of the vast majority of humankind to a subservient [try] to match up , as listeners , to the demands of ‘ advanced ’ producers ; marx 's vision of a future with every man an artist certainly seems to be definitively buried , but on a less exalted level , there is once again no [try] to look for the possibility of contradictory meanings in the actual practice of real listeners .

They have already said it to the Wilson Committee : we are doing our best to preserve the value of the funds entrusted to us , and any attempt to force us to invest in projects offering sub-optimal returns for ‘ social ’ reasons is an attempt to make us break faith with our customers .
they have already said it to the wilson committee : we are doing our best to preserve the value of the funds entrusted to us , and any [try] to force us to invest in projects offering sub-optimal returns for ‘ social ’ reasons is an [try] to make us break faith with our customers .

From ‘ above ’ , a left government could attempt to gain control over the deployment of investment funds , in particular the surplus income of the personal sector , while from ‘ below ’ workers could struggle for democratic control over the particular enterprises which employ them , breaking down the managerial hierarchies and commercial secrecy of these enterprises .
from ‘ above ’ , a left government could [try] to gain control over the deployment of investment funds , in particular the surplus income of the personal sector , while from ‘ below ’ workers could struggle for democratic control over the particular enterprises which employ them , breaking down the managerial hierarchies and commercial secrecy of these enterprises .

If workers should be encouraged to resist the blandishments of managements offering responsibility without power , in an attempt to ‘ regain control by ( ostensibly ) sharing it ’ , they should also be encouraged to reach beyond the status of a ‘ permanent opposition ’ to managerial control .
if workers should be encouraged to resist the blandishments of managements offering responsibility without power , in an [try] to ‘ regain control by ( ostensibly ) sharing it ’ , they should also be encouraged to reach beyond the status of a ‘ permanent opposition ’ to managerial control .

It may be useful at this stage to attempt a schematic synopsis of some of the points raised in the preceding discussion , a map showing certain potentially fruitful sites of struggle .
it may be useful at this stage to [try] a schematic synopsis of some of the points raised in the preceding discussion , a map showing certain potentially fruitful sites of struggle .

In place of the attempt to produce a synthetic totalising definition of classes it was argued that an analysis which respects the specificity of economic class relations ( defined at the level of property-holding ) , social collectivities and political forces is likely to be more fruitful .
in place of the [try] to produce a synthetic totalising definition of classes it was argued that an analysis which respects the specificity of economic class relations ( defined at the level of property-holding ) , social collectivities and political forces is likely to be more fruitful .

Political forces may build ( or attempt to build ) support for their objectives by fostering the development of certain pertinent social collectivities ( e.g. ‘ the nation ’ , the ‘ anti-monopoly alliance ’ , the ‘ revolutionary proletariat ’ ) , unifying their own supporters in specific ways while dividing or confusing their opponents .
political forces may build ( or [try] to build ) support for their objectives by fostering the development of certain pertinent social collectivities ( e.g. ‘ the nation ’ , the ‘ anti-monopoly alliance ’ , the ‘ revolutionary proletariat ’ ) , unifying their own supporters in specific ways while dividing or confusing their opponents .

This pay policy , for which there had been no attempt to establish wide political support , bore particularly hard on certain groups of relatively weakly organised workers such as nurses , teachers and hospital workers whose case commanded considerable public sympathy , and when the deflationary measures had checked the run on the pound trade union antagonism to the government remained .
this pay policy , for which there had been no [try] to establish wide political support , bore particularly hard on certain groups of relatively weakly organised workers such as nurses , teachers and hospital workers whose case commanded considerable public sympathy , and when the deflationary measures had checked the run on the pound trade union antagonism to the government remained .

In the absence of both the ‘ political will ’ and the social forces which would have been required to go beyond the merely ‘ indicative ’ and technocratic attempt to alleviate the balance of payments constraint , the Wilson government used the only effective levers at its disposal to maintain the external balance : the old standby of fiscal deflation ; incomes policy , to hold down both labour costs of British firms and consumer spending on imports ; and then eventually devaluation of the currency which , although it did not abolish the trade constraint , at least temporarily pre-empted speculative pressure on the pound and brought a period of increased price competitiveness .
in the absence of both the ‘ political will ’ and the social forces which would have been required to go beyond the merely ‘ indicative ’ and technocratic [try] to alleviate the balance of payments constraint , the wilson government used the only effective levers at its disposal to maintain the external balance : the old standby of fiscal deflation ; incomes policy , to hold down both labour costs of british firms and consumer spending on imports ; and then eventually devaluation of the currency which , although it did not abolish the trade constraint , at least temporarily pre-empted speculative pressure on the pound and brought a period of increased price competitiveness .

As a result of these multiple features in the attempt to implement the Selsdon programme the government was forced away from its original ‘ free market ’ radicalism into what Middlemass ( 1979 ) has called the ‘ politics of crisis avoidance ’ .
as a result of these multiple features in the [try] to implement the selsdon programme the government was forced away from its original ‘ free market ’ radicalism into what middlemass ( 1979 ) has called the ‘ politics of crisis avoidance ’ .

In October the decision was taken to go to the polls in an attempt to get more decisive support for a Labour government : more popular authority and a workable parliamentary position .
in october the decision was taken to go to the polls in an [try] to get more decisive support for a labour government : more popular authority and a workable parliamentary position .

’ Prior further claims that union support for such an industrial policy was a central plank of the social contract , which therefore ‘ represented the first British attempt within a framework of parliamentary democracy to build in a process of extra-parliamentary mobilisation around the policies of a Labour government ’ ( ibid .
’ prior further claims that union support for such an industrial policy was a central plank of the social contract , which therefore ‘ represented the first british [try] within a framework of parliamentary democracy to build in a process of extra-parliamentary mobilisation around the policies of a labour government ’ ( ibid .

It is appropriate here to step back from the detail of party politics and to attempt to draw out in general terms the conditions producing this weakening hold of governments over popular support .
it is appropriate here to step back from the detail of party politics and to [try] to draw out in general terms the conditions producing this weakening hold of governments over popular support .

In this attempt to homogenise the audience , the display stakes a grand claim for the images displayed .
in this [try] to homogenise the audience , the display stakes a grand claim for the images displayed .

It was space that lamed the prospects of a truly national economy ; it was distance by land that doomed the government 's expensive attempt to re-create , in the eighteenth century , a great wool industry in central Spain and hampered the creation of an internal market in the nineteenth .
it was space that lamed the prospects of a truly national economy ; it was distance by land that doomed the government 's expensive [try] to re-create , in the eighteenth century , a great wool industry in central spain and hampered the creation of an internal market in the nineteenth .

It was the belief of Chaptal , Napoleon 's Minister , that the attempt to create a colonial market came too late .
it was the belief of chaptal , napoleon 's minister , that the [try] to create a colonial market came too late .

We must then attempt to evaluate governmental reform both in terms of what is set out to achieve and of its legacy to later liberalism .
we must then [try] to evaluate governmental reform both in terms of what is set out to achieve and of its legacy to later liberalism .

The so-called Aragonese party ( led by the strong man of the military aristocracy , Aranda , who came to power in 1766 ) may , perhaps , be seen as a belated attempt to recover power , at a moment of crisis for the king , from the hands of professional civil servants .
the so-called aragonese party ( led by the strong man of the military aristocracy , aranda , who came to power in 1766 ) may , perhaps , be seen as a belated [try] to recover power , at a moment of crisis for the king , from the hands of professional civil servants .

It was the danger of these semi-beggar squatters to public order in every urban economy that lead the statesmen of the eighteenth century to favour effective price control , to attempt a state reform of the ‘ abusive ’ charitable foundations of the Church , and to preach the chilly gospel of workhouse labour .
it was the danger of these semi-beggar squatters to public order in every urban economy that lead the statesmen of the eighteenth century to favour effective price control , to [try] a state reform of the ‘ abusive ’ charitable foundations of the church , and to preach the chilly gospel of workhouse labour .

Every attempt by the absolute monarchy to raise the taxational quotas was met by the claim that the quota was a contract alterable only by both consenting parties .
every [try] by the absolute monarchy to raise the taxational quotas was met by the claim that the quota was a contract alterable only by both consenting parties .

Every attempt by liberals in the nineteenth century to replace foral liberties by the uniform liberty of a liberal constitution was resisted in the name of provincial liberties .
every [try] by liberals in the nineteenth century to replace foral liberties by the uniform liberty of a liberal constitution was resisted in the name of provincial liberties .

It was the waste of national resources and , to a lesser extent , the amount of human suffering in rural Spain , that in the years 1766–73 set off the most remarkable attempt at agrarian reform that Spain was to know until the days of the Second Republic .
it was the waste of national resources and , to a lesser extent , the amount of human suffering in rural spain , that in the years 1766–73 set off the most remarkable [try] at agrarian reform that spain was to know until the days of the second republic .

The significance of the Societies survived their failure ; they represented the first attempt to interest public opinion in the reform of the traditional structure of Spanish society .
the significance of the societies survived their failure ; they represented the first [try] to interest public opinion in the reform of the traditional structure of spanish society .

After the shattering defeat of Ocaña ( November 1809 — the Central Junta 's attempt at decisive defeat of Joseph 's armies ) the demand for a ‘ concentration of government ’ became irresistible .
after the shattering defeat of ocaña ( november 1809 — the central junta 's [try] at decisive defeat of joseph 's armies ) the demand for a ‘ concentration of government ’ became irresistible .

After feeding themselves with rumours of Napoleon 's defeat , Andalusia and Valencia made no attempt to resist the French .
after feeding themselves with rumours of napoleon 's defeat , andalusia and valencia made no [try] to resist the french .

It was this continuous resistance , feeble though it often was , which broke Napoleon 's doctrine of maximum concentration in the attempt to solve the contradictory demands of operation and occupation in a hostile countryside .
it was this continuous resistance , feeble though it often was , which broke napoleon 's doctrine of maximum concentration in the [try] to solve the contradictory demands of operation and occupation in a hostile countryside .

Yet there can be little doubt that Joseph 's reformism was genuine and was combined with an attempt to appeal to the national past ; he encouraged the national theatre , set up a commission to exhume Cervantes ' remains , patronized a national museum of painting .
yet there can be little doubt that joseph 's reformism was genuine and was combined with an [try] to appeal to the national past ; he encouraged the national theatre , set up a commission to exhume cervantes ' remains , patronized a national museum of painting .

Mina 's attempt to seize Pamplona in 1814 was a purely personal undertaking , but in 1815 Porlier 's attempt to raise Corunna was supported by the town 's leading liberals and earned enough popular support for ‘ serenades and a brilliant illumination ’ .
mina 's [try] to seize pamplona in 1814 was a purely personal undertaking , but in 1815 porlier 's [try] to raise corunna was supported by the town 's leading liberals and earned enough popular support for ‘ serenades and a brilliant illumination ’ .

He made many a false attempt , standing on one leg tottering like an overweight stork before he could trap a dangling foot and pull the wool over it .
he made many a false [try] , standing on one leg tottering like an overweight stork before he could trap a dangling foot and pull the wool over it .

The central drama of the revolution was precisely the attempt of the Russian masses to assert direct control over their own lives ; its tragedy was their subordination to Bolshevik domination .
the central drama of the revolution was precisely the [try] of the russian masses to assert direct control over their own lives ; its tragedy was their subordination to bolshevik domination .

It was the attempt to do so which had provoked the upheaval of 1905–6 .
it was the [try] to do so which had provoked the upheaval of 1905–6 .

Their portrayal of peasant life represented ‘ an intellectually sterile attempt to capture an imaginary , romantic past ’ .
their portrayal of peasant life represented ‘ an intellectually sterile [try] to capture an imaginary , romantic past ’ .

She holds seminars on ‘ The Tao of Management ’ ( about ‘ working with the moment rather than patterns of the past , and using that to attempt predictions of the future ’ ) .
she holds seminars on ‘ the tao of management ’ ( about ‘ working with the moment rather than patterns of the past , and using that to [try] predictions of the future ’ ) .

Her new husband , Andrew Leach , made some attempt to wean her from alcohol .
her new husband , andrew leach , made some [try] to wean her from alcohol .

Intensive intermediate treatment programmes , for example , typically attempt to confront offenders with the consequences and social unacceptability of their offending in the hope that they will decide to change their attitudes towards offending .
intensive intermediate treatment programmes , for example , typically [try] to confront offenders with the consequences and social unacceptability of their offending in the hope that they will decide to change their attitudes towards offending .

The concentration of punitive attention on more serious and violent offenders is an ‘ attempt to reassert an agreed conscience collective , or other kind of consensus , in a time of great social and moral doubt and confusion .
the concentration of punitive attention on more serious and violent offenders is an ‘ [try] to reassert an agreed conscience collective , or other kind of consensus , in a time of great social and moral doubt and confusion .

Such a reassertion will , in the criminal field , result in the attempt to create consensus at any rate around the crimes which we almost all abhor , such as serious violence ’ ( Bottoms , 1977 : 90 ) .
such a reassertion will , in the criminal field , result in the [try] to create consensus at any rate around the crimes which we almost all abhor , such as serious violence ’ ( bottoms , 1977 : 90 ) .

It is clear , for example , that there are still striking regional variations in the use of custodial remands , in spite of the Bail Act 's attempt to structure the decision-making process , which might have been expected to iron out some of the more extreme disparities .
it is clear , for example , that there are still striking regional variations in the use of custodial remands , in spite of the bail act 's [try] to structure the decision-making process , which might have been expected to iron out some of the more extreme disparities .

In an attempt to remedy the problem , the government has made provision for 1,000 additional bail hostel places to be made available by April 1993 .
in an [try] to remedy the problem , the government has made provision for 1,000 additional bail hostel places to be made available by april 1993 .

In an attempt to secure such a reduction , national guide-lines were issued in October 1990 , which identified a number of offence-specific factors that would justify a committal , but only where a magistrates ' court feels that its sentencing powers are insufficient .
in an [try] to secure such a reduction , national guide-lines were issued in october 1990 , which identified a number of offence-specific factors that would justify a committal , but only where a magistrates ' court feels that its sentencing powers are insufficient .

Compared with other jurisdictions , little attempt has been made in England and Wales to confine the exercise of sentencers ' discretion by limiting the extent of their powers .
compared with other jurisdictions , little [try] has been made in england and wales to confine the exercise of sentencers ' discretion by limiting the extent of their powers .

There are a few additional restrictions on the use or combination of certain measures , but apart from these limited inroads little attempt has been made to confine the discretion of sentencers by statute .
there are a few additional restrictions on the use or combination of certain measures , but apart from these limited inroads little [try] has been made to confine the discretion of sentencers by statute .

For example , as we shall see in Chapter 7 , the main response of successive governments to the growing prison numbers crisis from the 1960s to the 1990s was to provide a range of additional penal measures and then , out of deference to the principle of judicial independence , to rely on exhortation rather than legislative direction in an attempt to change the sentencing practice of the courts .
for example , as we shall see in chapter 7 , the main response of successive governments to the growing prison numbers crisis from the 1960s to the 1990s was to provide a range of additional penal measures and then , out of deference to the principle of judicial independence , to rely on exhortation rather than legislative direction in an [try] to change the sentencing practice of the courts .

There are various ways in which this might be done , but by prescribing in advance the appropriate penalty for a whole range of offender/offence combinations , they are all based on a much more systematic approach than could ever be achieved by a system of appellate review ( including the Court of Appeal 's attempt to formulate a series of ‘ guide-line judgements ’ ) .
there are various ways in which this might be done , but by prescribing in advance the appropriate penalty for a whole range of offender/offence combinations , they are all based on a much more systematic approach than could ever be achieved by a system of appellate review ( including the court of appeal 's [try] to formulate a series of ‘ guide-line judgements ’ ) .

Because of this , it is important not simply to attempt to control the discretion of sentencers in isolation .
because of this , it is important not simply to [try] to control the discretion of sentencers in isolation .

So it would be as well to distinguish clearly in our minds between the historical crime book that is pastiche and the book that is an attempt to portray some distant time through a crime story .
so it would be as well to distinguish clearly in our minds between the historical crime book that is pastiche and the book that is an [try] to portray some distant time through a crime story .

The only attempt to revive the Slav kingdom of Samo , which Ottokar of Bohemia made in the thirteenth century , was decisively crushed by the Holy Roman Emperor at the battle of Marchfeld ( 1278 ) .
the only [try] to revive the slav kingdom of samo , which ottokar of bohemia made in the thirteenth century , was decisively crushed by the holy roman emperor at the battle of marchfeld ( 1278 ) .

In an attempt to win the people over from Bogomilism , the Hungarians introduced the Franciscans into Bosnia , and their influence continued into the twentieth century .
in an [try] to win the people over from bogomilism , the hungarians introduced the franciscans into bosnia , and their influence continued into the twentieth century .

In 948 an attempt by Venice to conquer Ragusa was repulsed , according to legend , with the miraculous help of St Blaise ( San Biagio ; Sveti Vlaho ) , who in England is known as the patron saint of woolcombers .
in 948 an [try] by venice to conquer ragusa was repulsed , according to legend , with the miraculous help of st blaise ( san biagio ; sveti vlaho ) , who in england is known as the patron saint of woolcombers .

Karadjordje 's attempt to impose himself on this structure by having himself declared ‘ Supreme Leader ’ created tensions which were never resolved during the nine years of his rebel regime .
karadjordje 's [try] to impose himself on this structure by having himself declared ‘ supreme leader ’ created tensions which were never resolved during the nine years of his rebel regime .

Albert panicked , and put the receiver down , which made the next attempt more difficult .
albert panicked , and put the receiver down , which made the next [try] more difficult .

Albert asked him once if he did n't find it agonizingly painful on the calves , especially in the case of an attempt to stop , but the child obviously did n't know what his father was talking about .
albert asked him once if he did n't find it agonizingly painful on the calves , especially in the case of an [try] to stop , but the child obviously did n't know what his father was talking about .

Howard seemed to be making a doomed attempt to explain the Doctor 's business on the island without mentioning zombies , the Necronomicon or anything similar that the military men might find difficult to accept .
howard seemed to be making a doomed [try] to explain the doctor 's business on the island without mentioning zombies , the necronomicon or anything similar that the military men might find difficult to accept .

In an attempt to prove they were unaffected by this , they raised their voices as they chatted to each other , and pretended not to glance uneasily at the nearby rectangles of darker , freshly turned earth .
in an [try] to prove they were unaffected by this , they raised their voices as they chatted to each other , and pretended not to glance uneasily at the nearby rectangles of darker , freshly turned earth .

The fingers clenched jerkily as the arms flailed at the sides of the grave , tossing dirt aside in an attempt to gain a purchase on the soft earth .
the fingers clenched jerkily as the arms flailed at the sides of the grave , tossing dirt aside in an [try] to gain a purchase on the soft earth .

‘ The Noble Grigoriev insisted that only Navy personnel be employed for the rescue attempt . ’
‘ the noble grigoriev insisted that only navy personnel be employed for the rescue [try] . ’

There would be no attempt at rescue , and it came home to Rostov with sudden force that he and the others were marooned on Tarvaras for ever .
there would be no [try] at rescue , and it came home to rostov with sudden force that he and the others were marooned on tarvaras for ever .

Suragai 's hands were already scratched and bleeding , and he was cursing quietly in his own tongue as he positioned himself for another rescue attempt .
suragai 's hands were already scratched and bleeding , and he was cursing quietly in his own tongue as he positioned himself for another rescue [try] .

It would be just like Sipotai to attempt overwhelming force , and he had been expecting some kind of reaction ever since he had issued the order for Vortai 's herds to be culled .
it would be just like sipotai to [try] overwhelming force , and he had been expecting some kind of reaction ever since he had issued the order for vortai 's herds to be culled .

The news that Sipotai had tried to recover by force the st'lyan which had been commandeered under the Kha-Khan 's warrant would be bad enough especially since the attempt had failed .
the news that sipotai had tried to recover by force the st'lyan which had been commandeered under the kha-khan 's warrant would be bad enough especially since the [try] had failed .

‘ Look , there 's the house , ’ he said quickly in an attempt to divert his thoughts from the effect she was having on him .
‘ look , there 's the house , ’ he said quickly in an [try] to divert his thoughts from the effect she was having on him .

Whatever publishers ' position on the question of ‘ partner or competitor ’ , Richard Heath , of Heath Educational Book Supplies , stressed that ‘ booksellers are not asking for favouritism , we simple need a level playing field ’ , and , he warned , ‘ Publishers like Heinemann Educational , who attempt to gain market share for key national curriculum titles by offering schools 20 , 25 , 33 or even 50% discount for buying direct , can not then expect the same support from booksellers as we will give to publishers who show commitment to booksellers . ’
whatever publishers ' position on the question of ‘ partner or competitor ’ , richard heath , of heath educational book supplies , stressed that ‘ booksellers are not asking for favouritism , we simple need a level playing field ’ , and , he warned , ‘ publishers like heinemann educational , who [try] to gain market share for key national curriculum titles by offering schools 20 , 25 , 33 or even 50% discount for buying direct , can not then expect the same support from booksellers as we will give to publishers who show commitment to booksellers . ’

The most significant nineteenth-century attempt to modernize the poor law was the Poor Law Amendment Act of 1834 .
the most significant nineteenth-century [try] to modernize the poor law was the poor law amendment act of 1834 .

While little attempt was made to alter the character of the patchwork of health services available in the inter war period , all the parties that were to be involved in their transformation in the 1940s were beginning to examine the weaknesses of the existing provision and to formulate alternatives .
while little [try] was made to alter the character of the patchwork of health services available in the inter war period , all the parties that were to be involved in their transformation in the 1940s were beginning to examine the weaknesses of the existing provision and to formulate alternatives .

It also involved itself , as no government ever had before , in an attempt to secure effective land use planning and to curb land speculation .
it also involved itself , as no government ever had before , in an [try] to secure effective land use planning and to curb land speculation .

In 1974 an attempt to begin to restore self-government through a new Northern Ireland Executive , elected by proportional representation to try to provide for the involvement of the Catholic minority in government , was brought to an end after a strike by Protestant workers .
in 1974 an [try] to begin to restore self-government through a new northern ireland executive , elected by proportional representation to try to provide for the involvement of the catholic minority in government , was brought to an end after a strike by protestant workers .

We can contrast , for example , the comparatively strict ways in which regulations under the 1986 Social Security Act instruct local authorities in the administration of housing rebates , with powers given ( originally in the 1963 Children and Young Persons Act , now in the 1980 Child Care Act ) to local authorities to make money payments , in exceptional circumstances to prevent children being taken into care , where no attempt has been made to prescribe how this should be done .
we can contrast , for example , the comparatively strict ways in which regulations under the 1986 social security act instruct local authorities in the administration of housing rebates , with powers given ( originally in the 1963 children and young persons act , now in the 1980 child care act ) to local authorities to make money payments , in exceptional circumstances to prevent children being taken into care , where no [try] has been made to prescribe how this should be done .

Pressman and Wildavsky have made a tentative attempt to draw attention to what may loosely be described as the mathematics of implementations the way in which the mere quantity of agreements necessary may , even when all parties are committed to a policy , undermine or delay effective action .
pressman and wildavsky have made a tentative [try] to draw attention to what may loosely be described as the mathematics of implementations the way in which the mere quantity of agreements necessary may , even when all parties are committed to a policy , undermine or delay effective action .

After the Second World War the coverage of the needs of the disabled became fairly comprehensive in scope , although there was no attempt to set up a single department or authority to be responsible for their needs .
after the second world war the coverage of the needs of the disabled became fairly comprehensive in scope , although there was no [try] to set up a single department or authority to be responsible for their needs .

The attempt now is to provide care on a community rather than an institutional basis , on the assumption that it is good to retain the mentally disordered within the community as far as possible and help to rehabilitate and reintegrate those who have had to go into hospitals for treatment .
the [try] now is to provide care on a community rather than an institutional basis , on the assumption that it is good to retain the mentally disordered within the community as far as possible and help to rehabilitate and reintegrate those who have had to go into hospitals for treatment .

Some are glorified minding places while others attempt to develop social skills , encouraging handicapped people to learn about such things as public transport and the handling of money .
some are glorified minding places while others [try] to develop social skills , encouraging handicapped people to learn about such things as public transport and the handling of money .

The debate is characterized by a fair amount of confusion and exaggeration , and there is some attempt to make the welfare state the scapegoat for all the political and economic ills of the nation .
the debate is characterized by a fair amount of confusion and exaggeration , and there is some [try] to make the welfare state the scapegoat for all the political and economic ills of the nation .

Today , however , we make a conscious attempt to identify and measure social needs and to evaluate the services that try to meet them .
today , however , we make a conscious [try] to identify and measure social needs and to evaluate the services that try to meet them .

The attempt is conscious , but it is still imprecise and unsure .
the [try] is conscious , but it is still imprecise and unsure .

Only when she had managed to stop crying and he had dried her face completely did he even attempt to answer .
only when she had managed to stop crying and he had dried her face completely did he even [try] to answer .

Part of the answer probably lies in the attempt to maintain a ‘ steady state ’ in the first year of the reforms .
part of the answer probably lies in the [try] to maintain a ‘ steady state ’ in the first year of the reforms .

Although they are welcome as an attempt to rationalise clinical practice , we believe the bulletin and leading article to be greatly misleading in implying an overperformance of surgery since it starts from the premise that grommet insertion is performed predominantly for hearing loss , which represents only one debilitating symptom of the many that glue ear may produce .
although they are welcome as an [try] to rationalise clinical practice , we believe the bulletin and leading article to be greatly misleading in implying an overperformance of surgery since it starts from the premise that grommet insertion is performed predominantly for hearing loss , which represents only one debilitating symptom of the many that glue ear may produce .

It is evident that Howard and colleagues reduced the level of service in their attempt to extend it from Sunderland alone to 13 additional hospitals in the region .
it is evident that howard and colleagues reduced the level of service in their [try] to extend it from sunderland alone to 13 additional hospitals in the region .

Editor , — Mike Dudley and colleagues advise caution in extrapolating our results regarding activity undertaken by nurse practitioners in accident and emergency departments on the grounds that we made no attempt to ensure that nurse practitioners were actually on duty on the two days chosen for the census .
editor , — mike dudley and colleagues advise caution in extrapolating our results regarding activity undertaken by nurse practitioners in accident and emergency departments on the grounds that we made no [try] to ensure that nurse practitioners were actually on duty on the two days chosen for the census .

‘ Was that an attempt to shame me , Culley ?
‘ was that an [try] to shame me , culley ?

She had filled a cup for herself , but made no attempt to drink .
she had filled a cup for herself , but made no [try] to drink .

’ Her voice was a little too loud — an attempt to cover her shakiness .
’ her voice was a little too loud — an [try] to cover her shakiness .

‘ The attempt last Saturday — his first failure ? ’
‘ the [try] last saturday — his first failure ? ’

He liked marriage so much that despite all the difficulties of his first attempt , when he met you he decided to try it again .
he liked marriage so much that despite all the difficulties of his first [try] , when he met you he decided to try it again .

‘ His best attempt at negotiating the distance between admiration of the poetry and dislike for the individual who created it is this metaphor , in his introduction : ‘ When he found his authentic voice in the late 1940s , the beautiful flowers of his poetry were already growing on long stalks out of pretty dismal ground ’ — a botanical conceit designed to leave Larkin soiled , but the poetry ready for picking .
‘ his best [try] at negotiating the distance between admiration of the poetry and dislike for the individual who created it is this metaphor , in his introduction : ‘ when he found his authentic voice in the late 1940s , the beautiful flowers of his poetry were already growing on long stalks out of pretty dismal ground ’ — a botanical conceit designed to leave larkin soiled , but the poetry ready for picking .

Barbados-born Ellcock , 27 on June 17 , plans to study in America in an attempt to become an airline pilot .
barbados-born ellcock , 27 on june 17 , plans to study in america in an [try] to become an airline pilot .

If only the English attempt to legislate against slow over rates was backed up with a different small-print .
if only the english [try] to legislate against slow over rates was backed up with a different small-print .

No attempt had been made to vet his suitability as a home care provider , he said .
no [try] had been made to vet his suitability as a home care provider , he said .

The threat of court action by some workers can be a genuine attempt to help parents understand the reality of their position .
the threat of court action by some workers can be a genuine [try] to help parents understand the reality of their position .

This may be because of the perceived risk to children , or an attempt by the authority to minimise risks to itself .
this may be because of the perceived risk to children , or an [try] by the authority to minimise risks to itself .

The Fair Housing legislation outlaws any attempt to stop people with disabilities moving into an area .
the fair housing legislation outlaws any [try] to stop people with disabilities moving into an area .

The proposals were believed to be ‘ an attempt to cash limit a demand led service which will damage the doctor/patient relationship and be detrimental to patient care .
the proposals were believed to be ‘ an [try] to cash limit a demand led service which will damage the doctor/patient relationship and be detrimental to patient care .

British United Provident Association invested £3m in an attempt to tap the expected new market but failed to recover its investment .
british united provident association invested £3m in an [try] to tap the expected new market but failed to recover its investment .

An alternative is intensified monitoring of performance in an attempt to ensure compliance with contracts .
an alternative is intensified monitoring of performance in an [try] to ensure compliance with contracts .

As far as we know , this is the first detailed attempt to estimate the proportion of congenital abnormalities that are preventable .
as far as we know , this is the first detailed [try] to estimate the proportion of congenital abnormalities that are preventable .

An attempt to match for the duration of the first and second stages of labour , the use of oxytocin , and the mode of delivery failed .
an [try] to match for the duration of the first and second stages of labour , the use of oxytocin , and the mode of delivery failed .

Even if we are not quite ready for that , we should as teachers at least attempt to promote our exemplar role to the realms of awareness and practise as conscious role models , because whether we like it or not that is how we function .
even if we are not quite ready for that , we should as teachers at least [try] to promote our exemplar role to the realms of awareness and practise as conscious role models , because whether we like it or not that is how we function .

This was an attempt to gather the views of people who are often underrepresented in formal consultation processes .
this was an [try] to gather the views of people who are often underrepresented in formal consultation processes .

In an attempt to deal with this discrimination against public patients , the 1992–3 federal budget plan is introducing bonus payments to those states which increase the proportion of public patients treated .
in an [try] to deal with this discrimination against public patients , the 1992–3 federal budget plan is introducing bonus payments to those states which increase the proportion of public patients treated .

Difficulties arise because there does not seem to have been any system of numbering or any attempt to group subjects .
difficulties arise because there does not seem to have been any system of numbering or any [try] to group subjects .

18–4–1865 The Session learned that a new attempt was being made to have the Royal Botanic Gardens open on the Sabbath and petitioned Parliament to refuse the grant .
18–4–1865 the session learned that a new [try] was being made to have the royal botanic gardens open on the sabbath and petitioned parliament to refuse the grant .

Thus , many community mental handicap teams have devised absurdly ambitious operational policies which attempt to do all things for all persons .
thus , many community mental handicap teams have devised absurdly ambitious operational policies which [try] to do all things for all persons .

It is rather an attempt to move from a clearer understanding of support tasks to the organisation of skill ( and staff ) mixes required to perform support tasks .
it is rather an [try] to move from a clearer understanding of support tasks to the organisation of skill ( and staff ) mixes required to perform support tasks .

Planners will need to investigate and attempt to quantify the numbers of dementia sufferers they may be considering within the planning period .
planners will need to investigate and [try] to quantify the numbers of dementia sufferers they may be considering within the planning period .

ii Example of a resident 's day 8 — 10.30 am Rise when awake assisted to dress/with personal hygiene assisted with breakfast 11– 12 noon group activities newspaper groups music/movement plan afternoon outings etc 12.00 — 12.30 Set tables for dinner 12.30 — 1.30 Lunch/assist with dishes 1.30– 2.00 Quiet period — neighbours 2.00– 3.15 Small group activities outings using mini bus Hairdressing games/quiz walks 3.15– 4.45 tea and relaxation 4.45– 6.00 set tables , Supper and dishwashing 6.00– 7.00 news/informal period 7.00– 9.00 Structured evenings can include : singsong videos bingo outside entertainers come in Drinks served at 8 pm Summary In all these activities we attempt to restore some choices to our residents , and having assessed each one individually before and after admission to the home , we can tailor each programme/activity to the individual strengths of our residents .
ii example of a resident 's day 8 — 10.30 am rise when awake assisted to dress/with personal hygiene assisted with breakfast 11– 12 noon group activities newspaper groups music/movement plan afternoon outings etc 12.00 — 12.30 set tables for dinner 12.30 — 1.30 lunch/assist with dishes 1.30– 2.00 quiet period — neighbours 2.00– 3.15 small group activities outings using mini bus hairdressing games/quiz walks 3.15– 4.45 tea and relaxation 4.45– 6.00 set tables , supper and dishwashing 6.00– 7.00 news/informal period 7.00– 9.00 structured evenings can include : singsong videos bingo outside entertainers come in drinks served at 8 pm summary in all these activities we [try] to restore some choices to our residents , and having assessed each one individually before and after admission to the home , we can tailor each programme/activity to the individual strengths of our residents .

They had as one of their objectives a broad attempt to provide efficient systems .
they had as one of their objectives a broad [try] to provide efficient systems .

Ten years later , in 1935 , the year of McDougall 's retirement another attempt at explanation was made in that year 's annual report : In view of the fact that there appears to be a feeling in some quarters that the British Deaf and Dumb Association has outlived its usefulness the executive committee desires to make the position clear by the following statement : The British Deaf and Dumb Association is the oldest National Organisation for the Deaf in the country .
ten years later , in 1935 , the year of mcdougall 's retirement another [try] at explanation was made in that year 's annual report : in view of the fact that there appears to be a feeling in some quarters that the british deaf and dumb association has outlived its usefulness the executive committee desires to make the position clear by the following statement : the british deaf and dumb association is the oldest national organisation for the deaf in the country .

It is necessary to attempt to disclose the reality of a communist writer 's existence .
it is necessary to [try] to disclose the reality of a communist writer 's existence .

This is not an attempt to unearth every detail of Nizan 's contingent existence in order to provide an exhaustive inventory of Nizan 's life .
this is not an [try] to unearth every detail of nizan 's contingent existence in order to provide an exhaustive inventory of nizan 's life .

Nor is it an attempt to engage in extended analysis of Nizan 's texts as self-justifying autonomous products .
nor is it an [try] to engage in extended analysis of nizan 's texts as self-justifying autonomous products .

Yet in the 1930s Nizan 's intellectual itinerary was centred on the attempt to reconcile a genuine belief in the moral integrity of Marxism with the practical application of communist party politics , the attempt , in other words , to reconcile intellectual images with political reality .
yet in the 1930s nizan 's intellectual itinerary was centred on the [try] to reconcile a genuine belief in the moral integrity of marxism with the practical application of communist party politics , the [try] , in other words , to reconcile intellectual images with political reality .

His successful infiltration of the journal Bier between 1930 and 1931 , and his unsuccessful attempt in 1931 to influence the editorial policy of Barbusse 's journal , Monde , were striking examples of Nizan 's attempt to develop a sectarian communist cultural policy within the sphere of bourgeois publishing houses .
his successful infiltration of the journal bier between 1930 and 1931 , and his unsuccessful [try] in 1931 to influence the editorial policy of barbusse 's journal , monde , were striking examples of nizan 's [try] to develop a sectarian communist cultural policy within the sphere of bourgeois publishing houses .

Karl Radek , who , only five months earlier , had himself written in L'Humanite of the need to eradicate Trotskyite subversion and anti-Soviet activities , was placed on trial together with his `` accomplices `` , accused of espionage , terrorism and collaboration with Hitler and Trotsky in an attempt to overthrow the Soviet state .
karl radek , who , only five months earlier , had himself written in l'humanite of the need to eradicate trotskyite subversion and anti-soviet activities , was placed on trial together with his `` accomplices `` , accused of espionage , terrorism and collaboration with hitler and trotsky in an [try] to overthrow the soviet state .

He had neither remained discreetly silent , nor had he made any attempt to explain in public the reasons for his resignation .
he had neither remained discreetly silent , nor had he made any [try] to explain in public the reasons for his resignation .

The thrust of the ensuing analysis will be the attempt to disclose the process of mediation whereby the political and ideological history of a given period is produced and reproduced in three consecutive texts .
the thrust of the ensuing analysis will be the [try] to disclose the process of mediation whereby the political and ideological history of a given period is produced and reproduced in three consecutive texts .

The evolution of Nizan 's cultural politics and cultural production after 1934 is consequently the progressive attempt to redirect his originally sectarian cultural views along more accommodating lines .
the evolution of nizan 's cultural politics and cultural production after 1934 is consequently the progressive [try] to redirect his originally sectarian cultural views along more accommodating lines .

The objectives in this section , therefore , are twofold : first , to present the initial phase of socialist realism ( 1934–9 ) as a product of a given historical experience and attempt in the process to elucidate the undoubted attraction that Soviet communism and socialist realism exerted on many French intellectuals of the time ; secondly , to review the criticisms of socialist realism made both by supporters and opponents of the movement , not in order to resolve the highly problematical issues at stake , but in order rather to highlight the nexus of problems and difficulties associated with socialist realism and , very specifically , to draw up an agenda , both political and formal , for discussion when analyzing Nizan 's communist novels .
the objectives in this section , therefore , are twofold : first , to present the initial phase of socialist realism ( 1934–9 ) as a product of a given historical experience and [try] in the process to elucidate the undoubted attraction that soviet communism and socialist realism exerted on many french intellectuals of the time ; secondly , to review the criticisms of socialist realism made both by supporters and opponents of the movement , not in order to resolve the highly problematical issues at stake , but in order rather to highlight the nexus of problems and difficulties associated with socialist realism and , very specifically , to draw up an agenda , both political and formal , for discussion when analyzing nizan 's communist novels .

This point can not be overstated in any attempt to understand the subjective mood of the interwar French left-wing writer .
this point can not be overstated in any [try] to understand the subjective mood of the interwar french left-wing writer .

It amounted to a general statement of belief in socialist realism rather than a systematic attempt to offer a coherent theory relevant to the French context .
it amounted to a general statement of belief in socialist realism rather than a systematic [try] to offer a coherent theory relevant to the french context .

Ironically , it may very well be that the potency of socialist realism is to be located precisely in this global strategy of revelation and disclosure rather than in any attempt to arrive at narrow prescriptive theories .
ironically , it may very well be that the potency of socialist realism is to be located precisely in this global strategy of revelation and disclosure rather than in any [try] to arrive at narrow prescriptive theories .

The propagandist view of literature , literature as illustration , tendentiousness , are denounced on the grounds that the desire to illustrate one particular ideological viewpoint at the expense of all else , has disastrous consequences at the artistic level since such an approach is at odds with any attempt to display the inherent contradictions and complexities within a given historical situation ; indeed , the case is quite the reverse : it actually masks such contradictions .
the propagandist view of literature , literature as illustration , tendentiousness , are denounced on the grounds that the desire to illustrate one particular ideological viewpoint at the expense of all else , has disastrous consequences at the artistic level since such an approach is at odds with any [try] to display the inherent contradictions and complexities within a given historical situation ; indeed , the case is quite the reverse : it actually masks such contradictions .

Equally , as will become apparent in the ensuing analysis , Nizan 's willingness to link literature and propaganda does not originate in a philistine effort to destroy culture but , on the contrary , in an attempt to show that literature , ideology and politics are intimately interconnected , and that the task of the revolutionary writer is to seek out artistically convincing ways of fusing revolutionary ideology within the matrix of literature .
equally , as will become apparent in the ensuing analysis , nizan 's willingness to link literature and propaganda does not originate in a philistine effort to destroy culture but , on the contrary , in an [try] to show that literature , ideology and politics are intimately interconnected , and that the task of the revolutionary writer is to seek out artistically convincing ways of fusing revolutionary ideology within the matrix of literature .

He/she must opt to write `` problem novels `` , novels which focus attention on the fluctuating , open-ended development of contemporary post-1914 French society and attempt to probe the secrets of historical development in its unfolding .
he/she must opt to write `` problem novels `` , novels which focus attention on the fluctuating , open-ended development of contemporary post-1914 french society and [try] to probe the secrets of historical development in its unfolding .

s This sudden explosion of the public into the private domain after 1914 , the inevitable result of profound structural changes in French society set in motion in the late nineteenth century , not only exploded the myth of an unchanging , clearly delineated set of social actors operating in a stable social environment , but also undermined the credibility of any attempt to separate the social from the psychological in the portrayal of individual characters .
s this sudden explosion of the public into the private domain after 1914 , the inevitable result of profound structural changes in french society set in motion in the late nineteenth century , not only exploded the myth of an unchanging , clearly delineated set of social actors operating in a stable social environment , but also undermined the credibility of any [try] to separate the social from the psychological in the portrayal of individual characters .

Nizan 's narrative is both an indictment of the illusions of the French petty bourgeoisie in a phase of rapid capitalist industrial expansion , and an attempt to understand precisely who his father was , an attempt to explain the reasons underlying the failure of his father 's life .
nizan 's narrative is both an indictment of the illusions of the french petty bourgeoisie in a phase of rapid capitalist industrial expansion , and an [try] to understand precisely who his father was , an [try] to explain the reasons underlying the failure of his father 's life .

Outer Space , is concerned with recent developments in photo-based installations and presents a range of cultural , historical , political and technological ‘ spaces ’ in an attempt to look beyond established attitudes to photography ( 19 Mar–26 April ) .
outer space , is concerned with recent developments in photo-based installations and presents a range of cultural , historical , political and technological ‘ spaces ’ in an [try] to look beyond established attitudes to photography ( 19 mar–26 april ) .

In a desperate attempt to hold in what moisture there is in the thin soil , farmers have constructed low walls as refuges for vines and other crops .
in a desperate [try] to hold in what moisture there is in the thin soil , farmers have constructed low walls as refuges for vines and other crops .

Most important is this extra income might not result in any attempt to improve care .
most important is this extra income might not result in any [try] to improve care .

The audit of asthma attacks represents an attempt to study the access to , process of , and outcome of asthma attacks in all age groups in all regions of the United Kingdom .
the audit of asthma attacks represents an [try] to study the access to , process of , and outcome of asthma attacks in all age groups in all regions of the united kingdom .

The definition used for the survey was a pragmatic attempt to encourage participants to include patients of all grades of severity of attack .
the definition used for the survey was a pragmatic [try] to encourage participants to include patients of all grades of severity of attack .

Yet when an attempt was made to obtain nicotine patches or chewing gum to help the patient over her withdrawal and reduce the chaos none were available .
yet when an [try] was made to obtain nicotine patches or chewing gum to help the patient over her withdrawal and reduce the chaos none were available .

It is when we make an attempt to clarify it that the confidence begins to desert us in the face of difficulties .
it is when we make an [try] to clarify it that the confidence begins to desert us in the face of difficulties .

But if so , then the difficulties involved in an attempt to `` define `` the concept of truth , or the concept of reality , for the matter , need not detain us any longer .
but if so , then the difficulties involved in an [try] to `` define `` the concept of truth , or the concept of reality , for the matter , need not detain us any longer .

Finally , an attempt was made to show that , theoretically at least , quantifiers themselves could be got rid of too .
finally , an [try] was made to show that , theoretically at least , quantifiers themselves could be got rid of too .

The point is not only that we do as a matter of fact accept `` the same meaning `` and `` a different meaning `` as intelligible concepts , but that any attempt to define the criteria of interchangeability of expressions with regard to their meaning presupposes their intelligibility .
the point is not only that we do as a matter of fact accept `` the same meaning `` and `` a different meaning `` as intelligible concepts , but that any [try] to define the criteria of interchangeability of expressions with regard to their meaning presupposes their intelligibility .

In other words , his argument might be seen as an attempt to confront the common sense with the disconcerting fact that references to what are assumed to be numerically identical spatio-temporal particulars inhabiting an objective world `` out there `` can not be given a satisfactory justification , and consequently that one can not claim with certainty that such particulars represent the basic material of which the world is made up .
in other words , his argument might be seen as an [try] to confront the common sense with the disconcerting fact that references to what are assumed to be numerically identical spatio-temporal particulars inhabiting an objective world `` out there `` can not be given a satisfactory justification , and consequently that one can not claim with certainty that such particulars represent the basic material of which the world is made up .

Rather , it seems , any attempt to define the conditions of differentiation already presupposes an understanding of the idea of plurality , and this is where the main problem lies ; for what makes such an understanding possible ?
rather , it seems , any [try] to define the conditions of differentiation already presupposes an understanding of the idea of plurality , and this is where the main problem lies ; for what makes such an understanding possible ?

The principle of independence in monist reasoning is usually coupled with an attempt to interpret relations as a sub-class of properties and expressive of certain purely internal features of their terms , or what is sometimes referred to as the doctrine of the `` internality of relations `` .
the principle of independence in monist reasoning is usually coupled with an [try] to interpret relations as a sub-class of properties and expressive of certain purely internal features of their terms , or what is sometimes referred to as the doctrine of the `` internality of relations `` .

The first stage involves an attempt to show that relations really are a class of properties , i.e .
the first stage involves an [try] to show that relations really are a class of properties , i.e .

The second is an attempt to demonstrate that relational properties presuppose the existence of non-relational properties of one kind or another , but that the converse is not necessarily true ( a possible exception being some reflexive relations ) .
the second is an [try] to demonstrate that relational properties presuppose the existence of non-relational properties of one kind or another , but that the converse is not necessarily true ( a possible exception being some reflexive relations ) .

More than that : it might even be argued that any attempt to `` prove `` the irreducibility of spatio-temporal relations already presupposes , rather than helps to vindicate , the basic principles of a pluralist ontology .
more than that : it might even be argued that any [try] to `` prove `` the irreducibility of spatio-temporal relations already presupposes , rather than helps to vindicate , the basic principles of a pluralist ontology .

The point is that the idea of criteria is itself in need of elucidation , and an attempt to provide such an elucidation presupposes a basic understanding of the concept whose explanation is being sought .
the point is that the idea of criteria is itself in need of elucidation , and an [try] to provide such an elucidation presupposes a basic understanding of the concept whose explanation is being sought .

After which an attempt was made to set out the most elementary logical conditions that must be satisfied before anything can qualify as a potential existent .
after which an [try] was made to set out the most elementary logical conditions that must be satisfied before anything can qualify as a potential existent .

In addition obstetricians conduct audits of their services and health authorities attempt to make purchasing decisions using , among other things , data on perinatal mortality .
in addition obstetricians conduct audits of their services and health authorities [try] to make purchasing decisions using , among other things , data on perinatal mortality .

Utilisation measured by admission rates at the small area level was used as the measure of need , with an attempt to adjust for the current level of supply of health care facilities .
utilisation measured by admission rates at the small area level was used as the measure of need , with an [try] to adjust for the current level of supply of health care facilities .

There is an evolving industry where indices are developed which measure deprivation more accurately and attempt to identify the ‘ best ’ one .
there is an evolving industry where indices are developed which measure deprivation more accurately and [try] to identify the ‘ best ’ one .

This is made worse by the lack of clear objectives for the health service to which the formula can respond and attempt to follow .
this is made worse by the lack of clear objectives for the health service to which the formula can respond and [try] to follow .

More research needs to be done to attempt to understand these problems but statistical modelling is not appropriate .
more research needs to be done to [try] to understand these problems but statistical modelling is not appropriate .

There was a positive side to Allied policy , with the attempt to ‘ re-educate ’ Germans towards democratic values , but faith in Nazi ideology was arguably destroyed not by re-education but by Hitler 's suicide , defeat and the problems which followed .
there was a positive side to allied policy , with the [try] to ‘ re-educate ’ germans towards democratic values , but faith in nazi ideology was arguably destroyed not by re-education but by hitler 's suicide , defeat and the problems which followed .

It is this sort of sequence of events that archaeologists attempt to unravel when trying to understand how sites and finds have become buried .
it is this sort of sequence of events that archaeologists [try] to unravel when trying to understand how sites and finds have become buried .

Various methods of locating sites have therefore been developed which attempt to give a better idea of a site 's layout .
various methods of locating sites have therefore been developed which [try] to give a better idea of a site 's layout .

Nevertheless , the general approach is broadly the same , working with small groups of data and finding links between them in an attempt to build up a coherent picture of the past .
nevertheless , the general approach is broadly the same , working with small groups of data and finding links between them in an [try] to build up a coherent picture of the past .

Soon after the war ended it trebled its student members when the Ministry of Education issued grants to ex-servicemen in an attempt to prevent a recurrence of the disillusionment that had set in after the First World War .
soon after the war ended it trebled its student members when the ministry of education issued grants to ex-servicemen in an [try] to prevent a recurrence of the disillusionment that had set in after the first world war .

When painting Cornish scenes Minton had been aware of the precedent set by Christopher Wood and The Times rightly saw in The Harbour an attempt to translate a Christopher Wood theme ‘ into the tragic idiom of modern painters ’ .
when painting cornish scenes minton had been aware of the precedent set by christopher wood and the times rightly saw in the harbour an [try] to translate a christopher wood theme ‘ into the tragic idiom of modern painters ’ .

David Tindle observed him suddenly turn on his young men in a deliberate attempt to wind them up .
david tindle observed him suddenly turn on his young men in a deliberate [try] to wind them up .

Again , this has the status of an authentic attempt to learn about our world through looking , and then to find words that come close to getting things true .
again , this has the status of an authentic [try] to learn about our world through looking , and then to find words that come close to getting things true .

James Reeves ( 1958 ) wrote that ‘ we attempt to teach children to write by making them write in prose .
james reeves ( 1958 ) wrote that ‘ we [try] to teach children to write by making them write in prose .

Teachers seem to appreciate an attempt to be positive about the Education Reform Act .
teachers seem to appreciate an [try] to be positive about the education reform act .

His stance is as much an attempt to influence the outcomes as it is a prediction of the likely consequences of the Act .
his stance is as much an [try] to influence the outcomes as it is a prediction of the likely consequences of the act .

Of course it is true that some children have specific needs which it would be inappropriate to attempt to deal with at the level of the curriculum as a whole .
of course it is true that some children have specific needs which it would be inappropriate to [try] to deal with at the level of the curriculum as a whole .

One in five appellants had made some attempt to obtain advice prior to the hearing , but only one in eight appellants is represented by an expert , as distinct from being accompanied by another member of the family or a friend without expert knowledge .
one in five appellants had made some [try] to obtain advice prior to the hearing , but only one in eight appellants is represented by an expert , as distinct from being accompanied by another member of the family or a friend without expert knowledge .

No attempt has been made to establish criteria for distinguishing those cases where applicants might reasonably be expected to represent themselves from those where representation either by specialist lay adviser or by lawyer is appropriate .
no [try] has been made to establish criteria for distinguishing those cases where applicants might reasonably be expected to represent themselves from those where representation either by specialist lay adviser or by lawyer is appropriate .

These rigorous tests mean that the Court of Appeal hears fresh evidence only rarely ; it will certainly need to be satisfied that the appeal is not being used merely as an attempt to argue the case in a different way .
these rigorous tests mean that the court of appeal hears fresh evidence only rarely ; it will certainly need to be satisfied that the appeal is not being used merely as an [try] to argue the case in a different way .

Once cases disposed of by two judges under the new rules for the determination of final appeals become common , there will , no doubt , be an attempt to extend the decision in Boys v. Chaplin to such cases , though that will require reconsideration of the current view that the weight of authority in the Court of Appeal does not depend on the number of judges hearing the appeal .
once cases disposed of by two judges under the new rules for the determination of final appeals become common , there will , no doubt , be an [try] to extend the decision in boys v. chaplin to such cases , though that will require reconsideration of the current view that the weight of authority in the court of appeal does not depend on the number of judges hearing the appeal .

An attempt was made in the Legal Advice and Assistance Act 1972 ( now consolidated in the Legal Aid Act 1988 ) to extend the scope of legal aid beyond the confines of civil and criminal litigation .
an [try] was made in the legal advice and assistance act 1972 ( now consolidated in the legal aid act 1988 ) to extend the scope of legal aid beyond the confines of civil and criminal litigation .

No attempt has been made to see the needs of legally aided clients as different from those of fee-paying clients .
no [try] has been made to see the needs of legally aided clients as different from those of fee-paying clients .

And she could n't do anything about Castelfonte , she could n't even get them to attempt making it profitable — she never understood about the land , that was n't in her blood .
and she could n't do anything about castelfonte , she could n't even get them to [try] making it profitable — she never understood about the land , that was n't in her blood .

He will attempt these monstrous huge things .
he will [try] these monstrous huge things .

On pain of loss of temporalities which you hold from us , we strongly inhibit you in the council now called at Lambeth from presuming to attempt anything to our prejudice , or that of our realm , or against us or our rights which our predecessors , kings of England , enjoyed by ancient and approved custom , or to assent to any such move .
on pain of loss of temporalities which you hold from us , we strongly inhibit you in the council now called at lambeth from presuming to [try] anything to our prejudice , or that of our realm , or against us or our rights which our predecessors , kings of england , enjoyed by ancient and approved custom , or to assent to any such move .

In part the attempt by the Norfolk justices to appropriate canon law matters to the king 's competence was all of a piece with other measures which the king and his judges were taking to suppress rival jurisdictions and to reduce all justice within the realm to the crown .
in part the [try] by the norfolk justices to appropriate canon law matters to the king 's competence was all of a piece with other measures which the king and his judges were taking to suppress rival jurisdictions and to reduce all justice within the realm to the crown .

In England in 1226 it had been made clear to the king that he could not tax the clergy diocese by diocese ; such an attempt in that year had been frustrated by the request of the Salisbury cathedral chapter for consultation with the clergy of other sees ; the proctors of the cathedral and collegiate clergy subsequently attended a provincial council armed with instructions from their ‘ constituents ’ .
in england in 1226 it had been made clear to the king that he could not tax the clergy diocese by diocese ; such an [try] in that year had been frustrated by the request of the salisbury cathedral chapter for consultation with the clergy of other sees ; the proctors of the cathedral and collegiate clergy subsequently attended a provincial council armed with instructions from their ‘ constituents ’ .

An attempt to cajole lay opposition was made by the issue of the ‘ Articles of Stamford ’ in July 1309 , but they were little more than a reissue of the Articles on the Charters , Articuli super Cartas , of 1300 .
an [try] to cajole lay opposition was made by the issue of the ‘ articles of stamford ’ in july 1309 , but they were little more than a reissue of the articles on the charters , articuli super cartas , of 1300 .

When convocation met in December 1373 even the prelates were alienated from the crown , or at least from Gaunt and those who carried on the government in the king 's name : the attempt to levy an unprecedented tax of £50,000 in 1371 had aroused great resentment , aggravated in the next year when , in an effort to speed its collection , all the bishops of the southern province had their temporalities seized .
when convocation met in december 1373 even the prelates were alienated from the crown , or at least from gaunt and those who carried on the government in the king 's name : the [try] to levy an unprecedented tax of £50,000 in 1371 had aroused great resentment , aggravated in the next year when , in an effort to speed its collection , all the bishops of the southern province had their temporalities seized .

The attempt to answer the question ‘ How do you know that p ?
the [try] to answer the question ‘ how do you know that p ?

We can distinguish sceptical arguments which , although they attempt to deprive us of knowledge ( or even of justified belief ) still allow that we understand the propositions whose truth we are no longer allowed to know , from those which claim that the reason why we do n't know their truth is that we can not understand them .
we can distinguish sceptical arguments which , although they [try] to deprive us of knowledge ( or even of justified belief ) still allow that we understand the propositions whose truth we are no longer allowed to know , from those which claim that the reason why we do n't know their truth is that we can not understand them .

These defences against the sceptic attempt to avoid detailed examination of the arguments put forward and focus instead merely on the conclusion .
these defences against the sceptic [try] to avoid detailed examination of the arguments put forward and focus instead merely on the conclusion .

One might attempt to reject that entire discussion on the grounds that whether we have free will or not can make no difference to the way we live our lives .
one might [try] to reject that entire discussion on the grounds that whether we have free will or not can make no difference to the way we live our lives .

The point of our discussion of them so far is that the attempt to rebut scepticism by constructing an anti-realist alternative to the realism espoused by the sceptic is not going to be easy , even if it is possible .
the point of our discussion of them so far is that the [try] to rebut scepticism by constructing an anti-realist alternative to the realism espoused by the sceptic is not going to be easy , even if it is possible .

The theory which they comprise is an attempt to articulate the feeling that , for a belief to be knowledge , it must be peculiarly sensitive to the truth of the proposition believed ; it must track the truth ( Nozick 's term ) in the sense that if the proposition were in changed circumstances still true , it would still be believed , and if it were not true , it would not .
the theory which they comprise is an [try] to articulate the feeling that , for a belief to be knowledge , it must be peculiarly sensitive to the truth of the proposition believed ; it must track the truth ( nozick 's term ) in the sense that if the proposition were in changed circumstances still true , it would still be believed , and if it were not true , it would not .

2 ) considers a similar argument against the sceptic 's attempt to generalize from the fact that we do not know we are not brains in a vat .
2 ) considers a similar argument against the sceptic 's [try] to generalize from the fact that we do not know we are not brains in a vat .

Rule-following as a practice must therefore be able to carry on without anything to support it , and we must attempt to wean ourselves away from the feeling of vertigo which is engendered by our recognition of the lack of support .
rule-following as a practice must therefore be able to carry on without anything to support it , and we must [try] to wean ourselves away from the feeling of vertigo which is engendered by our recognition of the lack of support .

But both interpretations would see this attempt at escape as misguided .
but both interpretations would see this [try] at escape as misguided .

Suppose , however , that we resisted Wittgenstein 's attempt to push us from weak-kneed scepticism to solipsism ; we find the relevant argument ( see 5.4 ) unconvincing , perhaps .
suppose , however , that we resisted wittgenstein 's [try] to push us from weak-kneed scepticism to solipsism ; we find the relevant argument ( see 5.4 ) unconvincing , perhaps .

For the classical foundationalist programme of starting from one 's own case and moving outwards suffers from all the radical defects which face the solipsist 's attempt to set up a language in which to describe the experiences which form his subject matter .
for the classical foundationalist programme of starting from one 's own case and moving outwards suffers from all the radical defects which face the solipsist 's [try] to set up a language in which to describe the experiences which form his subject matter .

Ryle ( 1949 ) is another attempt to find a way between extreme behaviourism and the mental/physical separation .
ryle ( 1949 ) is another [try] to find a way between extreme behaviourism and the mental/physical separation .

Rudolf Carnap was perhaps the only philosopher to attempt a full-scale reduction of non-observation statements to explicitly laid out complexes of observation statements .
rudolf carnap was perhaps the only philosopher to [try] a full-scale reduction of non-observation statements to explicitly laid out complexes of observation statements .

One of Grice 's maxims tells us to ‘ be relevant ’ — but it does not attempt to explain the notion of relevance .
one of grice 's maxims tells us to ‘ be relevant ’ — but it does not [try] to explain the notion of relevance .

If communication is characterized as a successful attempt to alter the mental state of another human being , it seems that the most successful communication will take place where there is already a considerable coincidence between mental states , and the alteration achieved is only minimal .
if communication is characterized as a successful [try] to alter the mental state of another human being , it seems that the most successful communication will take place where there is already a considerable coincidence between mental states , and the alteration achieved is only minimal .

In pursuit of this goal , the grammarian will concentrate on a particular body of data and attempt to produce an exhaustive but economical set of rules which will account for all and only the acceptable sentences in his data .
in pursuit of this goal , the grammarian will concentrate on a particular body of data and [try] to produce an exhaustive but economical set of rules which will account for all and only the acceptable sentences in his data .

He will attempt to describe the linguistic forms which occur in his data , relative to the environments in which they occur .
he will [try] to describe the linguistic forms which occur in his data , relative to the environments in which they occur .

We shall consider words , phrases and sentences which appear in the textual record of a discourse to be evidence of an attempt by a producer ( speaker / writer ) to communicate his message to a recipient ( hearer / reader ) .
we shall consider words , phrases and sentences which appear in the textual record of a discourse to be evidence of an [try] by a producer ( speaker / writer ) to communicate his message to a recipient ( hearer / reader ) .

It also follows that the work of those sociolinguists and ethnographers who attempt to discuss language in terms of user 's purposes will also be of interest .
it also follows that the work of those sociolinguists and ethnographers who [try] to discuss language in terms of user 's purposes will also be of interest .

Speaking very broadly , such effort is simply the attempt to connect something that is given with something other than itself .
speaking very broadly , such effort is simply the [try] to connect something that is given with something other than itself .

In an attempt to distinguish their notion of topic from the grammarians ' sentential topic , Keenan & Schieffelin ( 1976 ) used the term discourse topic .
in an [try] to distinguish their notion of topic from the grammarians ' sentential topic , keenan & schieffelin ( 1976 ) used the term discourse topic .

Rochester & Martin attempt to describe the connections existing between sentences in discourse of this type , produced by thought-disordered and schizophrenic speakers , in terms of conceptual associations and lexical ties .
rochester & martin [try] to describe the connections existing between sentences in discourse of this type , produced by thought-disordered and schizophrenic speakers , in terms of conceptual associations and lexical ties .

Part of the process of analysing discourse in terms of ‘ topic ’ is an attempt to make explicit the basis for our intuitive ability to recognise why what is said is appropriate in a particular discourse fragment .
part of the process of analysing discourse in terms of ‘ topic ’ is an [try] to make explicit the basis for our intuitive ability to recognise why what is said is appropriate in a particular discourse fragment .

They have such confidence in their defences that they make no attempt whatsoever to hide themselves .
they have such confidence in their defences that they make no [try] whatsoever to hide themselves .

Since both sites and nesting material are usually in short supply in a weaver bird colony , he often laboriously unravels his first attempt and using its constituents weaves it all over again in the same place .
since both sites and nesting material are usually in short supply in a weaver bird colony , he often laboriously unravels his first [try] and using its constituents weaves it all over again in the same place .

The American palm swift also produces a sticky saliva but makes no attempt to gather anything as substantial as twigs .
the american palm swift also produces a sticky saliva but makes no [try] to gather anything as substantial as twigs .

Pathfinders in Space concerns the events surrounding an early attempt to blaze a trail into space by a small group of British explorers .
pathfinders in space concerns the events surrounding an early [try] to blaze a trail into space by a small group of british explorers .

Just as well the control panel 's on the outside , Bernice told herself , saves me wasting my energies on a futile attempt to crack the combination .
just as well the control panel 's on the outside , bernice told herself , saves me wasting my energies on a futile [try] to crack the combination .

He had n't said a word since his last attempt to bamboozle the androids who had brought them more bread and water .
he had n't said a word since his last [try] to bamboozle the androids who had brought them more bread and water .

Ace fell over , and did n't even attempt to stand again .
ace fell over , and did n't even [try] to stand again .

She hoped Daak could get the shuttle in at the first attempt .
she hoped daak could get the shuttle in at the first [try] .

He had needed only one attempt , and he had manoeuvred the craft neatly into a position to one side of the bay , exactly as specified in Spacefleet procedure .
he had needed only one [try] , and he had manoeuvred the craft neatly into a position to one side of the bay , exactly as specified in spacefleet procedure .

Daak was moving again now , swinging wildly from side to side in an attempt to avoid the lasers ' targeting .
daak was moving again now , swinging wildly from side to side in an [try] to avoid the lasers ' targeting .

Peak numbers occur between December and the beginning of March , when continental birds in their thousands are forced to move westwards across the North Sea in a desperate attempt to escape harsh weather conditions .
peak numbers occur between december and the beginning of march , when continental birds in their thousands are forced to move westwards across the north sea in a desperate [try] to escape harsh weather conditions .

We did n't attempt to touch him for a lizard can easily lose its tail at the defensive snapping point .
we did n't [try] to touch him for a lizard can easily lose its tail at the defensive snapping point .

In the sixteenth century the Spanish Armada , before its abortive attempt to invade Britain .
in the sixteenth century the spanish armada , before its abortive [try] to invade britain .

What appears in English balance sheets as ‘ goodwill ’ is , obviously , more than an attempt to capitalize just the accumulated effects of the advertising of companies acquired .
what appears in english balance sheets as ‘ goodwill ’ is , obviously , more than an [try] to capitalize just the accumulated effects of the advertising of companies acquired .

( It is , in fact , an attempt to capitalize the total marketing effect . )
( it is , in fact , an [try] to capitalize the total marketing effect . )

From the creative user 's point of view , the problem with ‘ lifestyle ’ approaches is that they attempt to generalize , and by generalizing they lose the fine detail that distinguishes habits and attitudes in any individual market .
from the creative user 's point of view , the problem with ‘ lifestyle ’ approaches is that they [try] to generalize , and by generalizing they lose the fine detail that distinguishes habits and attitudes in any individual market .

It seems far more important to me to provide an effective and clear demonstration of those virtues of the product that you are trying to put across than to lose the proposition in the attempt to set up a credible context for it .
it seems far more important to me to provide an effective and clear demonstration of those virtues of the product that you are trying to put across than to lose the proposition in the [try] to set up a credible context for it .

When he was a bit older and more rational , William wondered if his interest in the darkest periods of human history was an attempt to exorcise these terrors of his childhood ; to look at the worst of them , coldly and analytically , and not be afraid .
when he was a bit older and more rational , william wondered if his interest in the darkest periods of human history was an [try] to exorcise these terrors of his childhood ; to look at the worst of them , coldly and analytically , and not be afraid .

‘ History is the story of humankind 's attempt to impose order on chaos , ’ William told his students .
‘ history is the story of humankind 's [try] to impose order on chaos , ’ william told his students .

It is good to see one or two new authors names , while some publishers , Longman for example , are wheeling out titles from all the big names — Alexander , Abbs , O'Neill , Harmer — in an attempt to maintain any gains in market share made by the success of Intermediate Matters , Upper Intermediate Matters , and , to a lesser extent , Beginners Choice .
it is good to see one or two new authors names , while some publishers , longman for example , are wheeling out titles from all the big names — alexander , abbs , o'neill , harmer — in an [try] to maintain any gains in market share made by the success of intermediate matters , upper intermediate matters , and , to a lesser extent , beginners choice .

The vagaries and uncertainties of the British climate continue to exercise gardeners , and two forthcoming books attempt to cater for the age of the hosepipe ban .
the vagaries and uncertainties of the british climate continue to exercise gardeners , and two forthcoming books [try] to cater for the age of the hosepipe ban .

Booksellers will no doubt be relieved to learn that there 'll be no attempt at direct selling .
booksellers will no doubt be relieved to learn that there 'll be no [try] at direct selling .

It held 250 books and did n't attempt to divide them by author , title or illustrator .
it held 250 books and did n't [try] to divide them by author , title or illustrator .

Katherine , as they made their way up the stairs , made no attempt to answer Portia 's unspoken question and engage in confidences about her mother .
katherine , as they made their way up the stairs , made no [try] to answer portia 's unspoken question and engage in confidences about her mother .

The lighting of one hundred beacons , from Jersey to the Shetland Isles , the street parties and special events and the climactic procession by the Queen along a processional route lined by one million people waving Union Jacks under a murky grey sky — all of this implied an attempt to reclaim something permanent and enduring a sense of national pride — which had been systematically eroded by Britain 's loss of standing as a world power , and by some dark and mysterious incoming tide which carried with it the flotsam of unemployment , inflation , rising crime and social decay .
the lighting of one hundred beacons , from jersey to the shetland isles , the street parties and special events and the climactic procession by the queen along a processional route lined by one million people waving union jacks under a murky grey sky — all of this implied an [try] to reclaim something permanent and enduring a sense of national pride — which had been systematically eroded by britain 's loss of standing as a world power , and by some dark and mysterious incoming tide which carried with it the flotsam of unemployment , inflation , rising crime and social decay .

He would attempt the impossible and set up an airline from scratch in three months .
he would [try] the impossible and set up an airline from scratch in three months .

It was Brainsby 's idea for Richard Branson to arrive at the inaugural press conference wearing a brown leather aviator 's helmet , à la Biggles , in an attempt to lend the launching of an international airline something of the savour of a Boys Own adventure .
it was brainsby 's idea for richard branson to arrive at the inaugural press conference wearing a brown leather aviator 's helmet , à la biggles , in an [try] to lend the launching of an international airline something of the savour of a boys own adventure .

‘ That , ’ said Dick mischievously , ‘ was a computer 's attempt to imitate a chicken . ’
‘ that , ’ said dick mischievously , ‘ was a computer 's [try] to imitate a chicken . ’

The device makes no attempt at credit assignment .
the device makes no [try] at credit assignment .

There is no space here to attempt a full survey .
there is no space here to [try] a full survey .

‘ Since the board has elected as a matter of practice not to give reasons , and has given none to Mr. Cunningham , it has been bound by its own logic not to attempt to justify for the benefit of the court the figure awarded .
‘ since the board has elected as a matter of practice not to give reasons , and has given none to mr. cunningham , it has been bound by its own logic not to [try] to justify for the benefit of the court the figure awarded .

The judge was told that the father had given undertakings ( which the judge recited in the course of his judgment ) that , if the court ordered the child to be returned to Canada , he would not attempt to remove him from the care of the mother without an order of the Canadian court ; that he would not support or initiate any contempt of court or criminal proceedings arising from the mother 's removal of the child , and would co-operate in having an early hearing of the proceedings in Ontario .
the judge was told that the father had given undertakings ( which the judge recited in the course of his judgment ) that , if the court ordered the child to be returned to canada , he would not [try] to remove him from the care of the mother without an order of the canadian court ; that he would not support or initiate any contempt of court or criminal proceedings arising from the mother 's removal of the child , and would co-operate in having an early hearing of the proceedings in ontario .

Mr. Richards also accepts that the procedure adopted by the judge on 16 October 1991 , and in particular his long and involved attempt to dispose of the matter otherwise than by an order , was inappropriate , and the judge was wrong to link the question of a wasted costs order with the question of a disciplinary complaint to the General Council of the Bar .
mr. richards also accepts that the procedure adopted by the judge on 16 october 1991 , and in particular his long and involved [try] to dispose of the matter otherwise than by an order , was inappropriate , and the judge was wrong to link the question of a wasted costs order with the question of a disciplinary complaint to the general council of the bar .

Fairness to his creditors demands that he should not be able to deplete his assets in this way in a deliberate attempt to put them beyond the reach of his creditors .
fairness to his creditors demands that he should not be able to deplete his assets in this way in a deliberate [try] to put them beyond the reach of his creditors .

It would be quite unrealistic to attempt to draw a line in the dock company 's operation to limit the amount of trade it can permit at the port .
it would be quite unrealistic to [try] to draw a line in the dock company 's operation to limit the amount of trade it can permit at the port .

As more companies attempt to take a bite at this particular cake , the market becomes increasingly fragmented and it is very difficult indeed to achieve strong enough support for any particular design though each has its own supporters .
as more companies [try] to take a bite at this particular cake , the market becomes increasingly fragmented and it is very difficult indeed to achieve strong enough support for any particular design though each has its own supporters .

The question of the removal of pile and swing moorings to ease the congested fairway is not a clandestine attempt by marina operators for extra berths , but was a matter instigated originally by the harbour master , Captain Colin Nicholl , an employee of Hampshire County Council .
the question of the removal of pile and swing moorings to ease the congested fairway is not a clandestine [try] by marina operators for extra berths , but was a matter instigated originally by the harbour master , captain colin nicholl , an employee of hampshire county council .

You should , therefore , make every attempt to be in the first row , going fast as the gun goes and , ideally , with a space to leeward so that no-one is making you pinch .
you should , therefore , make every [try] to be in the first row , going fast as the gun goes and , ideally , with a space to leeward so that no-one is making you pinch .

Similarly , it is extremely unusual to need to attempt a port tack start .
similarly , it is extremely unusual to need to [try] a port tack start .

As the wind begins to build , the boom should continue to be carried on the centreline and you should not attempt to sheet the main using the vang : because the boom is so long , the mainsheet is a more effective control .
as the wind begins to build , the boom should continue to be carried on the centreline and you should not [try] to sheet the main using the vang : because the boom is so long , the mainsheet is a more effective control .

" Garn ! You 're 'avin " me on ! " Simkin made a ghastly attempt to smile .
" garn ! you 're 'avin " me on ! " simkin made a ghastly [try] to smile .

He made no attempt to hide his disgust .
he made no [try] to hide his disgust .

Many of them were , with reason , frightened of the Shahs desperate attempt to find scapegoats to appease the mobs .
many of them were , with reason , frightened of the shahs desperate [try] to find scapegoats to appease the mobs .

The subsequent growth of Teheran had made the previous royal quarters in town too cramped and after an attempt on the Shah life in 19965 , on of several that he survived , the family had moved to Niavaran .
the subsequent growth of teheran had made the previous royal quarters in town too cramped and after an [try] on the shah life in 19965 , on of several that he survived , the family had moved to niavaran .

Thinking the attempt had failed , the Shah himself panicked and fled with Soraya in a small place to Iraq .
thinking the [try] had failed , the shah himself panicked and fled with soraya in a small place to iraq .

It provided for nationalization of forests , the sale of some state-owned industries to provide money for agricultural development , some worker participation in prophet sharing , revision of electoral laws ( including significant rights for women ) , the formation of a Literacy Corps in an attempt to take education to the countryside and .
it provided for nationalization of forests , the sale of some state-owned industries to provide money for agricultural development , some worker participation in prophet sharing , revision of electoral laws ( including significant rights for women ) , the formation of a literacy corps in an [try] to take education to the countryside and .

They began to regain lost ground in the first years of muhammad Reza 's reign , were probably involved in his attempt assassination in 1949 , succeeded in killing the prime minister in 1951 , and initially allied themselves with Dr Mossadeq 's campaign to nationalize the Anglo-Iranian Oil Company .
they began to regain lost ground in the first years of muhammad reza 's reign , were probably involved in his [try] assassination in 1949 , succeeded in killing the prime minister in 1951 , and initially allied themselves with dr mossadeq 's campaign to nationalize the anglo-iranian oil company .

Khomeini described the Shahs attempt to enfranchise women as an effort `` to corrupt our chaste women `` .
khomeini described the shahs [try] to enfranchise women as an effort `` to corrupt our chaste women `` .

It may have been an attempt to clear the wood of all the trees , but before this was achieved the attempt was abandoned .
it may have been an [try] to clear the wood of all the trees , but before this was achieved the [try] was abandoned .

David and Lyn went with their son in the ambulance to hospital and watched as electric charges were pumped into his chest in a last , desperate attempt to get his heart going .
david and lyn went with their son in the ambulance to hospital and watched as electric charges were pumped into his chest in a last , desperate [try] to get his heart going .

This week , be ready for irritating news and yet another fruitless attempt at communication .
this week , be ready for irritating news and yet another fruitless [try] at communication .

Last year was the first real attempt to recognise the new energy around in the visual arts .
last year was the first real [try] to recognise the new energy around in the visual arts .

The most popular legends are those inspired by the battle of Kosovo in 1389. when the Serbs were defeated in their attempt to prevent the Turkish invasion further north .
the most popular legends are those inspired by the battle of kosovo in 1389. when the serbs were defeated in their [try] to prevent the turkish invasion further north .

You attempt things you previously would not have had the courage to do because you know you possess the power to save yourself ’ .
you [try] things you previously would not have had the courage to do because you know you possess the power to save yourself ’ .

The cuckoo 's lazy tactic of leaving the hassle of child care to others is well known , but given the chance , fish will also attempt to cash in on others ' parental efforts in various ways .
the cuckoo 's lazy tactic of leaving the hassle of child care to others is well known , but given the chance , fish will also [try] to cash in on others ' parental efforts in various ways .

Biting the metal bars is thought to be an attempt to gather nesting material .
biting the metal bars is thought to be an [try] to gather nesting material .

Few countries recognised South Africa 's right to rule Namibia , and foreign fishing fleets took advantage of the situation to ignore any attempt by South Africa to regulate fishing in its colonial waters .
few countries recognised south africa 's right to rule namibia , and foreign fishing fleets took advantage of the situation to ignore any [try] by south africa to regulate fishing in its colonial waters .

And in an attempt to make the most of very limited quotas , even licensed vessels have been dumping back into the sea all but first-class specimens — an outrageous practice that fisheries minister Helmut Angula says Namibia ‘ will not tolerate .
and in an [try] to make the most of very limited quotas , even licensed vessels have been dumping back into the sea all but first-class specimens — an outrageous practice that fisheries minister helmut angula says namibia ‘ will not tolerate .

Amendments to the bill will be tabled — at the last attempt it collected more than 300 , and effectively sank under their weight .
amendments to the bill will be tabled — at the last [try] it collected more than 300 , and effectively sank under their weight .

Physical exercise also has the capacity to be used to attempt to control emotional feelings , to work off the calories consumed in food and to control body size .
physical exercise also has the capacity to be used to [try] to control emotional feelings , to work off the calories consumed in food and to control body size .

They fail to control his or her use of the substance or process of addiction so , next , they may attempt to control what they perceive as his or her `` reasons `` for use and come to protect him or her from its consequences .
they fail to control his or her use of the substance or process of addiction so , next , they may [try] to control what they perceive as his or her `` reasons `` for use and come to protect him or her from its consequences .

On some occasions family members will attempt to sabotage treatment saying that the primary sufferer is being brainwashed , ought to be at home , ought to learn to hold his or her alcohol like everybody else and ought to do all manner of things that have failed before and will fail again to help addictive disease .
on some occasions family members will [try] to sabotage treatment saying that the primary sufferer is being brainwashed , ought to be at home , ought to learn to hold his or her alcohol like everybody else and ought to do all manner of things that have failed before and will fail again to help addictive disease .

In each case the denial and the sense of compulsion of the addiction are almost insuperable difficulties for the individual to attempt alone .
in each case the denial and the sense of compulsion of the addiction are almost insuperable difficulties for the individual to [try] alone .

It is unwise to attempt to tackle these various aspects of second stage recovery in any great depth before the completion of a full two years of recovery from primary or family disease because emotional and spiritual recovery may not yet be sufficiently secure to be able to take on these further challenges .
it is unwise to [try] to tackle these various aspects of second stage recovery in any great depth before the completion of a full two years of recovery from primary or family disease because emotional and spiritual recovery may not yet be sufficiently secure to be able to take on these further challenges .

As part of the denial of their own `` family disease `` they may believe that they themselves or the way in which they attempt to help others is what is inadequate rather than the capacity of the primary sufferer to receive the message of recovery .
as part of the denial of their own `` family disease `` they may believe that they themselves or the way in which they [try] to help others is what is inadequate rather than the capacity of the primary sufferer to receive the message of recovery .

When family members , or other people close to the sufferer attempt to give feedback it may be resented and resisted by the reactivated denial system and lead to the opposite of the desired effect .
when family members , or other people close to the sufferer [try] to give feedback it may be resented and resisted by the reactivated denial system and lead to the opposite of the desired effect .

In clinical practice the sufferer is helped to see that there are other choices , other `` pictures `` that can be put into the mental library of how life is or could be , and that there is no need to attempt to control one 's life by clinging to a fixed perception of reality that may have some validity for the sufferer but little validity for others .
in clinical practice the sufferer is helped to see that there are other choices , other `` pictures `` that can be put into the mental library of how life is or could be , and that there is no need to [try] to control one 's life by clinging to a fixed perception of reality that may have some validity for the sufferer but little validity for others .

Therefore there are inevitable limitations and conditions when we attempt to gain unconditional acceptance from other people .
therefore there are inevitable limitations and conditions when we [try] to gain unconditional acceptance from other people .

Nigel moved into Polly 's £750,000 luxury home in Kensington but then went back to Carolyn in a last attempt to save his marriage .
nigel moved into polly 's £750,000 luxury home in kensington but then went back to carolyn in a last [try] to save his marriage .

He 'd made no attempt to deny it .
he 'd made no [try] to deny it .

The section prohibits canvassing in the sense of the attempt of an applicant or of another person at his instigation to influence a member of a licensing board to support his application for a grant , renewal or permanent transfer of a licence , or for a regular extension of permitted hours before the application is considered by the board ( subs .
the section prohibits canvassing in the sense of the [try] of an applicant or of another person at his instigation to influence a member of a licensing board to support his application for a grant , renewal or permanent transfer of a licence , or for a regular extension of permitted hours before the application is considered by the board ( subs .

Whether or not you have another attempt at the let-down , must be your decision in the light of any guidelines on the first go .
whether or not you have another [try] at the let-down , must be your decision in the light of any guidelines on the first go .

It seems to me to be both useless and presumptuous to attempt to pierce the incognito of the essential Godhead .
it seems to me to be both useless and presumptuous to [try] to pierce the incognito of the essential godhead .

3:6 ) ; new life , and liberation from this whole depressing attempt to justify ourselves .
3:6 ) ; new life , and liberation from this whole depressing [try] to justify ourselves .

Only the most daring and expert are now allowed to attempt the journey .
only the most daring and expert are now allowed to [try] the journey .

Everyone who wishes to find the Stone must show documents to prove they can attempt the task .
everyone who wishes to find the stone must show documents to prove they can [try] the task .

Twice a week , having given their word of honour that they would not attempt to escape , those prisoners who wished to go for a heavily guarded march through the surrounding countryside , along lanes chosen for their loneliness , were allowed to do so .
twice a week , having given their word of honour that they would not [try] to escape , those prisoners who wished to go for a heavily guarded march through the surrounding countryside , along lanes chosen for their loneliness , were allowed to do so .

German troops passed through Fontanellato by any means they could , using the side roads in an attempt to avoid being bombed and machine-gunned .
german troops passed through fontanellato by any means they could , using the side roads in an [try] to avoid being bombed and machine-gunned .

Rather than attempt to make the painful transition to a new reality where those who were yesterday 's ‘ enemy ’ today become the ‘ friend ’ , some guards preferred the strange safety of death .
rather than [try] to make the painful transition to a new reality where those who were yesterday 's ‘ enemy ’ today become the ‘ friend ’ , some guards preferred the strange safety of death .

Yet the Western absorbed the Eastern , pop music displaying its phrases as psychedelic cues often without any real attempt to learn from it .
yet the western absorbed the eastern , pop music displaying its phrases as psychedelic cues often without any real [try] to learn from it .

Then the pathologist straightened himself and said , with an attempt at briskness :
then the pathologist straightened himself and said , with an [try] at briskness :

Another of her interminable , secretive and expensive telephone calls to one of her old nursing friends , he thought , and , duly satisfied , made no further attempt .
another of her interminable , secretive and expensive telephone calls to one of her old nursing friends , he thought , and , duly satisfied , made no further [try] .

The argument that governments ( foolishly and shortsightedly ) attempt to win electoral support through the creation of mini-booms and full-employment at the cost of inflation just before an election approaches does accord with the common-sense of the fifties and sixties but the evidence is by no means entirely supportive of this perspective .
the argument that governments ( foolishly and shortsightedly ) [try] to win electoral support through the creation of mini-booms and full-employment at the cost of inflation just before an election approaches does accord with the common-sense of the fifties and sixties but the evidence is by no means entirely supportive of this perspective .

In February 1974 , the Conservative Government called an early general election : their incomes policy was in tatters and their attempt to legislate on industrial relations had been beaten back by action on the factory floor and the streets .
in february 1974 , the conservative government called an early general election : their incomes policy was in tatters and their [try] to legislate on industrial relations had been beaten back by action on the factory floor and the streets .

The pluralist perspective makes no attempt to criticise British politics , and it chooses to bend democratic theory in a conservative direction so that it justifies and defends the established order .
the pluralist perspective makes no [try] to criticise british politics , and it chooses to bend democratic theory in a conservative direction so that it justifies and defends the established order .

There would be a concern to clarify the confusion which exists as to the `` right `` and `` proper `` principles for the British constitution today and then there would be an attempt to secure them against repeal or amendment except by some specially prescribed procedure that would involve more than a simple majority in the House of Commons .
there would be a concern to clarify the confusion which exists as to the `` right `` and `` proper `` principles for the british constitution today and then there would be an [try] to secure them against repeal or amendment except by some specially prescribed procedure that would involve more than a simple majority in the house of commons .

Moreover , if we were to attempt this , then getting an agreed set of principles approved by Parliament would open up conflicts as to the rights to be included , and if a new code was eventually passed then their existence alongside the European Convention would create confusion and cause additional difficulties for the courts .
moreover , if we were to [try] this , then getting an agreed set of principles approved by parliament would open up conflicts as to the rights to be included , and if a new code was eventually passed then their existence alongside the european convention would create confusion and cause additional difficulties for the courts .

Caught up in the concern to balance the power of the Commons is an attempt to recapture elements of the eighteenth-century constitution in a way that waters down the democratic side of the state machine ; caught up in the concern to secure a more independent House of Commons is an attempt to revive the pre-democratic nineteenth-century liberal constitution ; and caught up in the concern to limit parliamentary sovereignty is an attempt to limit democracy itself .
caught up in the concern to balance the power of the commons is an [try] to recapture elements of the eighteenth-century constitution in a way that waters down the democratic side of the state machine ; caught up in the concern to secure a more independent house of commons is an [try] to revive the pre-democratic nineteenth-century liberal constitution ; and caught up in the concern to limit parliamentary sovereignty is an [try] to limit democracy itself .

Forecasting is an attempt to visualise or anticipate the kind of future environment in which company plans and actions are likely to be implemented .
forecasting is an [try] to visualise or anticipate the kind of future environment in which company plans and actions are likely to be implemented .

And it will attempt to predict the specific outcome from the implementation of company plans .
and it will [try] to predict the specific outcome from the implementation of company plans .

For instance , planners might attempt to estimate the probability of the following : further significant increases/decreases in the price of crude oil ; increases in the number of terrorist attacks on civilian airliners in those Mediterranean countries which have large tourist trades ; the likelihood of political change in South Africa , and the chances of continuing economic stability in that country .
for instance , planners might [try] to estimate the probability of the following : further significant increases/decreases in the price of crude oil ; increases in the number of terrorist attacks on civilian airliners in those mediterranean countries which have large tourist trades ; the likelihood of political change in south africa , and the chances of continuing economic stability in that country .

These planning assumptions , therefore , are an attempt to predict future business conditions and the sales volumes that might be obtained from them .
these planning assumptions , therefore , are an [try] to predict future business conditions and the sales volumes that might be obtained from them .

An effective and systematic attempt at forecasting may reduce some of this uncertainty , and render the future more manageable .
an effective and systematic [try] at forecasting may reduce some of this uncertainty , and render the future more manageable .

This is an attempt to explore and analyse the potential interaction between events .
this is an [try] to explore and analyse the potential interaction between events .

Forecasters may attempt to identify shifts as between , say : * preferences towards work and leisure orientations ; * preferences for individually determined as opposed to governmentally determined expenditure ( eg pressure for tax reductions , restricting local government expenditure etc ) ; * traditional authority/religious personal ethics as opposed to personal freedom and individualistic behaviour .
forecasters may [try] to identify shifts as between , say : * preferences towards work and leisure orientations ; * preferences for individually determined as opposed to governmentally determined expenditure ( eg pressure for tax reductions , restricting local government expenditure etc ) ; * traditional authority/religious personal ethics as opposed to personal freedom and individualistic behaviour .

Alternatively , where published statistics are not available , the forecaster may attempt to construct estimates of the total available market .
alternatively , where published statistics are not available , the forecaster may [try] to construct estimates of the total available market .

Advertisers know this , and attempt to use promotional messages to shape the general attitude and opinion of the target reference group .
advertisers know this , and [try] to use promotional messages to shape the general attitude and opinion of the target reference group .

Theoretical models of consumer behaviour attempt to show the inter-relationship between the various behavioural and economic factors that are involved .
theoretical models of consumer behaviour [try] to show the inter-relationship between the various behavioural and economic factors that are involved .

1.2 Theoretical models These models attempt to show the inter-relationship between relevant behavioural and economic factors involved in the purchase decision .
1.2 theoretical models these models [try] to show the inter-relationship between relevant behavioural and economic factors involved in the purchase decision .

Sales staff and sales managers will attempt to get access to such influencer and decision-making roles as they can , presenting the supplier 's products and making the sales effort .
sales staff and sales managers will [try] to get access to such influencer and decision-making roles as they can , presenting the supplier 's products and making the sales effort .

The supplying company will attempt to respond on a status to status basis , such that its products are presented and promoted to equals by equals .
the supplying company will [try] to respond on a status to status basis , such that its products are presented and promoted to equals by equals .

Theoretical models of buyer behaviour attempt to show the inter-relationship between the various behavioural and economic factors that are involved .
theoretical models of buyer behaviour [try] to show the inter-relationship between the various behavioural and economic factors that are involved .

7 ) Why may it be difficult for a supplier to sell his products to a company that makes use of a multi-individual Decision Making Unit to make purchase decisions ? How may it attempt to overcome these difficulties ?
7 ) why may it be difficult for a supplier to sell his products to a company that makes use of a multi-individual decision making unit to make purchase decisions ? how may it [try] to overcome these difficulties ?

The mass producer ( who may be production , quality or sales orientated ) may attempt to supply all , or a substantial part of this total demand , and in so doing may consider that he can obtain a price , volume or distribution advantage relative to smaller scale producers .
the mass producer ( who may be production , quality or sales orientated ) may [try] to supply all , or a substantial part of this total demand , and in so doing may consider that he can obtain a price , volume or distribution advantage relative to smaller scale producers .

Either nerves or alcohol turn every attempt at chat into a limping string of words .
either nerves or alcohol turn every [try] at chat into a limping string of words .

‘ Mixed Up ’ employs the talents of various dance luminaries — including Paul Oakenfold , the man latterly behind Happy Mondays , and William Orbit , of Bass-O- Matic fame — in an attempt to twist The Cure 's tenacious , highly idiosyncratic pop into devilish new forms , without ever sacrificing the spirit of the original .
‘ mixed up ’ employs the talents of various dance luminaries — including paul oakenfold , the man latterly behind happy mondays , and william orbit , of bass-o- matic fame — in an [try] to twist the cure 's tenacious , highly idiosyncratic pop into devilish new forms , without ever sacrificing the spirit of the original .

Mr. Livsey : Will the Secretary of State note that British Coal Opencast has decided again to try for permission to work the Bryn Henllys site in my constituency , after an inspector turned down that application about a year ago ? Is he aware that there is deep anger in the community that British Coal will attempt that again . Is there not far too much opencast coal in the south Wales coalfield which is despoiling the environment ?
mr. livsey : will the secretary of state note that british coal opencast has decided again to try for permission to work the bryn henllys site in my constituency , after an inspector turned down that application about a year ago ? is he aware that there is deep anger in the community that british coal will [try] that again . is there not far too much opencast coal in the south wales coalfield which is despoiling the environment ?

They also run timetables that attempt to meet the needs of the local people .
they also run timetables that [try] to meet the needs of the local people .

Confronted with the Government 's ideological measures , however , people are working in good faith and , in some cases , raising money in good faith , in an attempt to put a buy-out together .
confronted with the government 's ideological measures , however , people are working in good faith and , in some cases , raising money in good faith , in an [try] to put a buy-out together .

The earliest non-Italian composers to attempt opera in their own language were German .
the earliest non-italian composers to [try] opera in their own language were german .

The opposition 's task is simple — to prevent this and attempt to ‘ score ’ their own ‘ goals ’ .
the opposition 's task is simple — to prevent this and [try] to ‘ score ’ their own ‘ goals ’ .

There is no attempt to persuade the pupil that his perception of the experience of schooling is in need of readjustment , only his behaviour .
there is no [try] to persuade the pupil that his perception of the experience of schooling is in need of readjustment , only his behaviour .

No one could be persuaded to attempt this feat until Roger offered the pupil a monetary inducement .
no one could be persuaded to [try] this feat until roger offered the pupil a monetary inducement .

Roger on the other hand does not attempt any such reconstruction .
roger on the other hand does not [try] any such reconstruction .

After a brief description of the nature of the school and the order the staff attempt to impose , Stewart Butterfield lets the diaries speak for themselves of the way this order appeared on one day .
after a brief description of the nature of the school and the order the staff [try] to impose , stewart butterfield lets the diaries speak for themselves of the way this order appeared on one day .

What is at issue is whether improved resource levels should be used to make special schools internally more satisfactory , doing what they have historically done but doing it in some sense more efficiently , or whether those resources are used in an attempt to improve the general education service in ways which might reduce its need for transferring pupils to special schools .
what is at issue is whether improved resource levels should be used to make special schools internally more satisfactory , doing what they have historically done but doing it in some sense more efficiently , or whether those resources are used in an [try] to improve the general education service in ways which might reduce its need for transferring pupils to special schools .

In this chapter Neil Toppin describes the assessment panels at his school in Scotland , which were established to attempt a flexible response to problems of disruption within the school and to offer pupils excluded from other schools or returning from special provision another chance in the mainstream .
in this chapter neil toppin describes the assessment panels at his school in scotland , which were established to [try] a flexible response to problems of disruption within the school and to offer pupils excluded from other schools or returning from special provision another chance in the mainstream .

Little attempt is made to acknowledge the ethnicity of the pupils .
little [try] is made to acknowledge the ethnicity of the pupils .

Or , one could attempt to see whether the issues raised occur again in the concerns of teachers and pupils as they speak of their experiences of schooling .
or , one could [try] to see whether the issues raised occur again in the concerns of teachers and pupils as they speak of their experiences of schooling .

Some further reference to his views will , however , be inevitable in an attempt to provide an evaluation of the portfolio-matrix approach and concepts associated with it .
some further reference to his views will , however , be inevitable in an [try] to provide an evaluation of the portfolio-matrix approach and concepts associated with it .

So severe does Naylor believe this question of interdependency to be that he devotes the whole of his 1986 study to an attempt to develop an alternative to the portfolio matrix .
so severe does naylor believe this question of interdependency to be that he devotes the whole of his 1986 study to an [try] to develop an alternative to the portfolio matrix .

In this chapter an attempt will be made to look for possible links and conflicts between accounting and the strategic analysis of chapter 4 .
in this chapter an [try] will be made to look for possible links and conflicts between accounting and the strategic analysis of chapter 4 .

No attempt will be made to separate out what accounting methods might do for pre-investment as distinct from post-investment .
no [try] will be made to separate out what accounting methods might do for pre-investment as distinct from post-investment .

Figure 4.3 was McKinsey and Co 's attempt to spell this out in more detail .
figure 4.3 was mckinsey and co 's [try] to spell this out in more detail .

They , we are told , identify exactly what the customer wants and at what target price ( as one of the order-winning criteria ) and then attempt to produce the highest-quality product possible at that price .
they , we are told , identify exactly what the customer wants and at what target price ( as one of the order-winning criteria ) and then [try] to produce the highest-quality product possible at that price .

For example , no attempt was made to assess the cost of a poor delivery performance in terms of lost sales , or the extra costs necessary to ensure a delivery performance consistent with a desired sales level .
for example , no [try] was made to assess the cost of a poor delivery performance in terms of lost sales , or the extra costs necessary to ensure a delivery performance consistent with a desired sales level .

Accordingly , this chapter will attempt to provide a consideration of key matters which describe the organizational context of investment decision-making and the process of managing the changes associated with major investments or strategic moves .
accordingly , this chapter will [try] to provide a consideration of key matters which describe the organizational context of investment decision-making and the process of managing the changes associated with major investments or strategic moves .

For the purposes of this book , however , and bearing in mind the limitations of space , no attempt will be made to integrate these different classifications .
for the purposes of this book , however , and bearing in mind the limitations of space , no [try] will be made to integrate these different classifications .

Figure 7.2 is an attempt to capture the complexity involved .
figure 7.2 is an [try] to capture the complexity involved .

As noted earlier in this chapter , and by many authors , including Kanter ( 1983 ) , an attempt to change basic ideologies/schemas of multiple parties is more likely to be successful in times of crisis when it becomes obvious that traditional modes of operation are no longer achieving success .
as noted earlier in this chapter , and by many authors , including kanter ( 1983 ) , an [try] to change basic ideologies/schemas of multiple parties is more likely to be successful in times of crisis when it becomes obvious that traditional modes of operation are no longer achieving success .

One of these is to attempt to convince the organization that a crisis will occur if current policies are continued .
one of these is to [try] to convince the organization that a crisis will occur if current policies are continued .

On the ground and first floors , products were displayed in a more domesticated , less austere atmosphere than in London with a deliberate attempt to make customers feel that they were shopping in a private house from an earlier century .
on the ground and first floors , products were displayed in a more domesticated , less austere atmosphere than in london with a deliberate [try] to make customers feel that they were shopping in a private house from an earlier century .

Interestingly , her attempt to impose , however gently , a universal level of good taste made her clothes unacceptable to many art students , who perceived a ‘ Laura Ashley ’ outfit as death to individualism .
interestingly , her [try] to impose , however gently , a universal level of good taste made her clothes unacceptable to many art students , who perceived a ‘ laura ashley ’ outfit as death to individualism .

No one arranged it by length or by colour , there was no attempt to market the products , ’ Liza Wanklyn remembers vividly .
no one arranged it by length or by colour , there was no [try] to market the products , ’ liza wanklyn remembers vividly .

( That would tie in with the pregnancy in the summer — an earlier attempt to force Steen 's hand . )
( that would tie in with the pregnancy in the summer — an earlier [try] to force steen 's hand . )

He made no attempt to wake her .
he made no [try] to wake her .

She had obviously made some attempt to tidy up .
she had obviously made some [try] to tidy up .

In short , Robbins saw the university model as playing the major role in the expansion of higher education and its recommendations were essentially an attempt to convert an unco-ordinated provision of higher education into a system based on the university .
in short , robbins saw the university model as playing the major role in the expansion of higher education and its recommendations were essentially an [try] to convert an unco-ordinated provision of higher education into a system based on the university .

The Gann Report received qualified approval from the colleges , though in many quarters regret was expressed that it had not taken the opportunity to recommend a single validating body for all courses in art and design , and not just non-advanced ones , and that its proposal for two different types of courses was ‘ elitist ’ and a vain attempt to separate the sheep from the goats .
the gann report received qualified approval from the colleges , though in many quarters regret was expressed that it had not taken the opportunity to recommend a single validating body for all courses in art and design , and not just non-advanced ones , and that its proposal for two different types of courses was ‘ elitist ’ and a vain [try] to separate the sheep from the goats .

It was a classic piece of Triad mischief — an attempt to unsettle the owners of the Dragon Cloud before they moved in in force .
it was a classic piece of triad mischief — an [try] to unsettle the owners of the dragon cloud before they moved in in force .

This time Karr made no attempt to stop him .
this time karr made no [try] to stop him .

There is no reason why these should not be made in the home provided the design is kept to a simple one for a first attempt .
there is no reason why these should not be made in the home provided the design is kept to a simple one for a first [try] .

Several swags can be positioned across a large window , but do not attempt this until you are more experienced .
several swags can be positioned across a large window , but do not [try] this until you are more experienced .

Yorick turned down this attempt at consolation .
yorick turned down this [try] at consolation .

Yorick had attempted suicide three times in the last four years ; and the last attempt had nearly succeeded .
yorick had attempted suicide three times in the last four years ; and the last [try] had nearly succeeded .

’ He made no attempt to hide the sneer .
’ he made no [try] to hide the sneer .

The policeman made no attempt to conceal himself .
the policeman made no [try] to conceal himself .

The engine fired at the second attempt .
the engine fired at the second [try] .

During the early twentieth century a more focused attempt was made to instruct working class mothers in proper methods of infant care , in response to the concern about infant mortality .
during the early twentieth century a more focused [try] was made to instruct working class mothers in proper methods of infant care , in response to the concern about infant mortality .

Legislation was not brought in until 1923 , however , largely because any attempt at reform was regarded as an attack on the sanctity of marriage , despite the Royal Commission 's argument ( repeated by all later proponents of divorce law reform ) that relaxation would in fact strengthen rather than weaken it .
legislation was not brought in until 1923 , however , largely because any [try] at reform was regarded as an attack on the sanctity of marriage , despite the royal commission 's argument ( repeated by all later proponents of divorce law reform ) that relaxation would in fact strengthen rather than weaken it .

In an 1879 article , the eminent lawyer , journalist and essayist Walter Bagehot agreed that any attempt by women to escape what he regarded as their biological destiny was anti-evolutionary .
in an 1879 article , the eminent lawyer , journalist and essayist walter bagehot agreed that any [try] by women to escape what he regarded as their biological destiny was anti-evolutionary .

The difficulties they experienced in arguing this are clearly visible in Emily Pfeiffer 's attempt to counter the case made by doctors and scientists against more rigorous schooling for adolescent girls .
the difficulties they experienced in arguing this are clearly visible in emily pfeiffer 's [try] to counter the case made by doctors and scientists against more rigorous schooling for adolescent girls .

In 1890 , Beatrice Webb referred caustically to ‘ individualists , reinforced by a batch of excellent ladies ( eager for the Right of Woman to work at all hours of the day and night with the minimum space and sanitation ) ’ who opposed any attempt to regulate conditions in workshops and the homework trades .
in 1890 , beatrice webb referred caustically to ‘ individualists , reinforced by a batch of excellent ladies ( eager for the right of woman to work at all hours of the day and night with the minimum space and sanitation ) ’ who opposed any [try] to regulate conditions in workshops and the homework trades .

Beatrice Webb 's admiration for the philanthropic work of Mary Booth rested on the way in which the latter expressed ‘ gentle and loving contempt for any special work outside the ordinary sphere of a woman 's life , [ and ] her high standard of excellence which should discourage any vain attempt to leave the beaten track of a woman 's duty ’ .
beatrice webb 's admiration for the philanthropic work of mary booth rested on the way in which the latter expressed ‘ gentle and loving contempt for any special work outside the ordinary sphere of a woman 's life , [ and ] her high standard of excellence which should discourage any vain [try] to leave the beaten track of a woman 's duty ’ .

The participation of many of these painters in the formation of Les Artistes de Passy in October 1912 , an attempt to transform that district of Paris into yet another art-centre , is a further sign of the continual emphasis on communal activity .
the participation of many of these painters in the formation of les artistes de passy in october 1912 , an [try] to transform that district of paris into yet another art-centre , is a further sign of the continual emphasis on communal activity .

While Cubism aims at purity of draughtsmanship , Orphism is an attempt at ‘ pure ’ painting , not that it involves pure colours , that is to say colours as they come out of the tube .
while cubism aims at purity of draughtsmanship , orphism is an [try] at ‘ pure ’ painting , not that it involves pure colours , that is to say colours as they come out of the tube .

Although the influence of Cubism on the German painters was less direct than it had been in the development of Futurism ( the work of Delaunay which the Germans most admired , for instance , was no longer really Cubist at all ) , unlike the Italians the Germans made no attempt to disguise their interest in the movement , and several of the artists of the Blaue Reiter actually thought of themselves as Cubist painters .
although the influence of cubism on the german painters was less direct than it had been in the development of futurism ( the work of delaunay which the germans most admired , for instance , was no longer really cubist at all ) , unlike the italians the germans made no [try] to disguise their interest in the movement , and several of the artists of the blaue reiter actually thought of themselves as cubist painters .

For instance , in the squatting ‘ demoiselle ’ Picasso had dislocated and distended the various parts of the body in an attempt to explain it as fully as possible , without the limitations of viewing it from a single , stationary position .
for instance , in the squatting ‘ demoiselle ’ picasso had dislocated and distended the various parts of the body in an [try] to explain it as fully as possible , without the limitations of viewing it from a single , stationary position .

When he subdivides and facets form , it is in an attempt to break through to its inner structure .
when he subdivides and facets form , it is in an [try] to break through to its inner structure .

In 1913 , in his first attempt to define the movement , he wrote : ‘ Sincere artists today feel the need to canalize and tame their inspiration in order to extract from their faculties the maximum returns , and to strike a balance between sensitivity and reason … They therefore no longer imitate the misleading appearances of visual phenomena but the truer ones of the mind .
in 1913 , in his first [try] to define the movement , he wrote : ‘ sincere artists today feel the need to canalize and tame their inspiration in order to extract from their faculties the maximum returns , and to strike a balance between sensitivity and reason … they therefore no longer imitate the misleading appearances of visual phenomena but the truer ones of the mind .

When writing on a less metaphysical level , and in face of the paintings themselves , even Apollinaire had to admit that the subject played an important part , and that the realism of the movement lay in its attempt to make a totally new but nevertheless very concrete statement about the visual world .
when writing on a less metaphysical level , and in face of the paintings themselves , even apollinaire had to admit that the subject played an important part , and that the realism of the movement lay in its [try] to make a totally new but nevertheless very concrete statement about the visual world .

He did not attempt now to touch her .
he did not [try] now to touch her .

The woman with the shopping basket cuddled on her lap made her fifth attempt upon Rachaela .
the woman with the shopping basket cuddled on her lap made her fifth [try] upon rachaela .

She did not attempt to lie .
she did not [try] to lie .

Ruth did not attempt to speak to Rachaela .
ruth did not [try] to speak to rachaela .

First , the attempt to suggest that this scope of review is logically demanded is not convincing .
first , the [try] to suggest that this scope of review is logically demanded is not convincing .

Any attempt at continued demarcation is impossible once the courts move to a theory of extensive review .
any [try] at continued demarcation is impossible once the courts move to a theory of extensive review .

Subjectively worded regulations were treated literally , and the courts eschewed any attempt to persuade them to judge the necessity or reasonableness of such regulations .
subjectively worded regulations were treated literally , and the courts eschewed any [try] to persuade them to judge the necessity or reasonableness of such regulations .

In both examples , a conscious attempt has been made-to segment the market .
in both examples , a conscious [try] has been made-to segment the market .

If a supplier decides to increase his market share by attracting higher usage by occasional users , he must first attempt to find out whether they buy competitors ' goods or not , or where there is something about the present marketing mix which dissuades them from buying more frequently .
if a supplier decides to increase his market share by attracting higher usage by occasional users , he must first [try] to find out whether they buy competitors ' goods or not , or where there is something about the present marketing mix which dissuades them from buying more frequently .

In fact Jenny was really very fond of beer , but she recognized that while an attempt to show off could be tolerated , careless expertise would only antagonize further .
in fact jenny was really very fond of beer , but she recognized that while an [try] to show off could be tolerated , careless expertise would only antagonize further .

Pascoe made no attempt to follow him but rapidly assessed the situation .
pascoe made no [try] to follow him but rapidly assessed the situation .

Obviously , any attempt to introduce additional chemicals into the atmosphere needs very careful consideration of whether the chemicals themselves pose a threat to people , plants and animals .
obviously , any [try] to introduce additional chemicals into the atmosphere needs very careful consideration of whether the chemicals themselves pose a threat to people , plants and animals .

The Kuwait disaster raises the question of how to deal with serious environmental damage during wartime when hostilities hinder or prevent any attempt to tackle environmental disasters .
the kuwait disaster raises the question of how to deal with serious environmental damage during wartime when hostilities hinder or prevent any [try] to tackle environmental disasters .

To Gosse , this was just an appearance ; and his book was ‘ an attempt to untie the geological knot ’ , though it might seem rather to cut it .
to gosse , this was just an appearance ; and his book was ‘ an [try] to untie the geological knot ’ , though it might seem rather to cut it .

There is little theory-loading in any of these plates , and none of them attempt to catch the bird in motion as the ‘ field guides ’ of the twentieth century do .
there is little theory-loading in any of these plates , and none of them [try] to catch the bird in motion as the ‘ field guides ’ of the twentieth century do .

The Royal Institution had begun with an abortive attempt to train artisans in elementary science ; mechanics ' institutes provided lectures for what seems to have been chiefly a membership from the lower middle class .
the royal institution had begun with an abortive [try] to train artisans in elementary science ; mechanics ' institutes provided lectures for what seems to have been chiefly a membership from the lower middle class .

Floy had spent several hours in deep discussion with Snodgrass and , between them , they had made an attempt to sketch out the layout of Tara , so that they could see if there were any weak areas they might make use of .
floy had spent several hours in deep discussion with snodgrass and , between them , they had made an [try] to sketch out the layout of tara , so that they could see if there were any weak areas they might make use of .

The managerialist initiatives described above represent an attempt to implant into central government selected managerial practices and cultural attitudes derived from the private sector .
the managerialist initiatives described above represent an [try] to implant into central government selected managerial practices and cultural attitudes derived from the private sector .

This situation is , of course , only one of an infinite number of models but while it is clearly impossible to generalize about the impact of party politics , any attempt to understand local public administration without reference to the party-political dimension is doomed to failure .
this situation is , of course , only one of an infinite number of models but while it is clearly impossible to generalize about the impact of party politics , any [try] to understand local public administration without reference to the party-political dimension is doomed to failure .

The White Paper instead proposed that prohibition would apply to chief executives , chief officers , deputies and others who regularly advise or act on behalf of their councils — a concerted attempt to reduce the impact of ‘ twin tracking ’ in local politics .
the white paper instead proposed that prohibition would apply to chief executives , chief officers , deputies and others who regularly advise or act on behalf of their councils — a concerted [try] to reduce the impact of ‘ twin tracking ’ in local politics .

In Wilson 's view ( 1986 , p. 64 ) what is proposed does not form the basis ‘ for a generally acceptable … durable system ’ and ‘ there seems no escape from the conclusion that another attempt will have to be made to review these issues and make fresh recommendations ’ .
in wilson 's view ( 1986 , p. 64 ) what is proposed does not form the basis ‘ for a generally acceptable … durable system ’ and ‘ there seems no escape from the conclusion that another [try] will have to be made to review these issues and make fresh recommendations ’ .

5 ) that there were thirty or more committees and forty or more sub-committees , while in local government generally ‘ there [ was ] hardly any systematic attempt at committee level to … coordinate policy as a whole ’ .
5 ) that there were thirty or more committees and forty or more sub-committees , while in local government generally ‘ there [ was ] hardly any systematic [try] at committee level to … coordinate policy as a whole ’ .

Consequently , not only may inadvertent delay or failure to implement decisions go undetected but officers may attempt to ‘ amend ’ or ‘ shelve ’ decisions which they dislike ( see Greenwood and Wilson , 1982 ) .
consequently , not only may inadvertent delay or failure to implement decisions go undetected but officers may [try] to ‘ amend ’ or ‘ shelve ’ decisions which they dislike ( see greenwood and wilson , 1982 ) .

Broadly speaking , three major models which attempt to offer insights into central-local relations can be identified , and these are discussed below .
broadly speaking , three major models which [try] to offer insights into central-local relations can be identified , and these are discussed below .

For example , a central department lacking the constitutional/legal resources to prevent ( or encourage ) a specific local initiative can attempt to get its way by withholding ( or supplying ) financial resources .
for example , a central department lacking the constitutional/legal resources to prevent ( or encourage ) a specific local initiative can [try] to get its way by withholding ( or supplying ) financial resources .

Conversely , a local authority which has been refused financial resources can attempt to reverse this state of affairs by embarrassing the central department .
conversely , a local authority which has been refused financial resources can [try] to reverse this state of affairs by embarrassing the central department .

The volume and variety of quangos also make any attempt at meaningful classification difficult .
the volume and variety of quangos also make any [try] at meaningful classification difficult .

Johnson ( 1982 , p. 213 ) observes that MPs ‘ may attempt ingeniously to get at the activities of governmental bodies through the questioning of Ministers , but … it is not something attempted very regularly and , when it is , the attack focuses on policy and resources rather than on particular decisions ’ .
johnson ( 1982 , p. 213 ) observes that mps ‘ may [try] ingeniously to get at the activities of governmental bodies through the questioning of ministers , but … it is not something attempted very regularly and , when it is , the attack focuses on policy and resources rather than on particular decisions ’ .

He had tried to rise above them , and had fallen back among them , there to be hated once for his attempt , and twice for his failure !
he had tried to rise above them , and had fallen back among them , there to be hated once for his [try] , and twice for his failure !

This account is clearly an attempt to develop an objective theory of how society functions , and it delimits the scope for autonomous action by individuals .
this account is clearly an [try] to develop an objective theory of how society functions , and it delimits the scope for autonomous action by individuals .

It was particularly strong in France , Italy and Germany , where it represented an attempt by the established liberal groups to counter the political and intellectual challenge of socialism .
it was particularly strong in france , italy and germany , where it represented an [try] by the established liberal groups to counter the political and intellectual challenge of socialism .

This apparently unexceptional contention is of central importance in the development of elitist theory , since Pareto uses it , in effect , both to attempt to provide a firm empirical and scientific basis for elitism and to explain the predominance of elites .
this apparently unexceptional contention is of central importance in the development of elitist theory , since pareto uses it , in effect , both to [try] to provide a firm empirical and scientific basis for elitism and to explain the predominance of elites .

and the reaction to Schumpeter 's work was one of the instrumental features in the attempt by the pluralist researchers to reassert the enduring values of the American way of politics in a robust and authoritative manner .
and the reaction to schumpeter 's work was one of the instrumental features in the [try] by the pluralist researchers to reassert the enduring values of the american way of politics in a robust and authoritative manner .

However , it is clearly unsatisfactory , if not impossible , to attempt to synthesise the explicit and implicit assumptions and methodologies of such a broad range of social science research , from studies of political development to policy studies and examinations of electoral behaviour , and offer this as the pluralist approach to political power .
however , it is clearly unsatisfactory , if not impossible , to [try] to synthesise the explicit and implicit assumptions and methodologies of such a broad range of social science research , from studies of political development to policy studies and examinations of electoral behaviour , and offer this as the pluralist approach to political power .

Smith 's critique goes further because he also argues that , economically , military expenditure is a poor tool with which to attempt to stabilise a capitalist economy .
smith 's critique goes further because he also argues that , economically , military expenditure is a poor tool with which to [try] to stabilise a capitalist economy .

and this is compounded by the fact that the executive branch has given up any attempt to control the military-industrial complex .
and this is compounded by the fact that the executive branch has given up any [try] to control the military-industrial complex .

Note the lack of direct empirical support and the abstract character of the argument ; Shils himself admits to his approach being ‘ tentative and provisional … an attempt to elucidate things … of great importance but which are very obscure ’ .
note the lack of direct empirical support and the abstract character of the argument ; shils himself admits to his approach being ‘ tentative and provisional … an [try] to elucidate things … of great importance but which are very obscure ’ .

The exploited areas ( in this case the south of Italy ) remain underdeveloped and poor because the more advanced sectors , which control the state , direct and dominate the underdeveloped areas in a way which blocks any attempt at organisation and cooperation with them .
the exploited areas ( in this case the south of italy ) remain underdeveloped and poor because the more advanced sectors , which control the state , direct and dominate the underdeveloped areas in a way which blocks any [try] at organisation and cooperation with them .

We have spent a good part of the last decade in a long and often rather frustrating attempt to identify them ( most recently by trying to make specific antibodies that will recognize them ) .
we have spent a good part of the last decade in a long and often rather frustrating [try] to identify them ( most recently by trying to make specific antibodies that will recognize them ) .

She massacred the attempt to gloss over his lateness with a stare .
she massacred the [try] to gloss over his lateness with a stare .

She was taking a long time to come to the attempt on Marek 's life that morning .
she was taking a long time to come to the [try] on marek 's life that morning .

One attempt had been made to murder Nowak the day before .
one [try] had been made to murder nowak the day before .

Blanche understood at last why Marek , in his frenzy of desperation after the first attempt to kill him , had named Jozef Taczek as the killer of Mills .
blanche understood at last why marek , in his frenzy of desperation after the first [try] to kill him , had named jozef taczek as the killer of mills .

Letters had arrived from Joe and Terry and from Eileen who was desperately homesick , although she made a brave attempt to write cheerfully .
letters had arrived from joe and terry and from eileen who was desperately homesick , although she made a brave [try] to write cheerfully .

He looked lovingly into her face , but made no attempt to kiss her again .
he looked lovingly into her face , but made no [try] to kiss her again .

The ragged edges of the hole glinted sharply , and Jesus knew that any failed attempt to enter the Lift would be likely to result in his being sliced to ribbons within a matter of seconds .
the ragged edges of the hole glinted sharply , and jesus knew that any failed [try] to enter the lift would be likely to result in his being sliced to ribbons within a matter of seconds .

The incident on the Bridge might have been a clumsy attempt by a third party to bump off the middle man .
the incident on the bridge might have been a clumsy [try] by a third party to bump off the middle man .

Finally , she grabbed hold of the dispenser 's cooling fin whilst it was waving a krill doughnut around in a vain attempt to attract custom , pulled it close and , in a casual and unremarkable manner , moved her hand down to the dispenser 's access plate and ran her fingers around the seam until she felt a magnetic bolt buzzing beneath her fingers .
finally , she grabbed hold of the dispenser 's cooling fin whilst it was waving a krill doughnut around in a vain [try] to attract custom , pulled it close and , in a casual and unremarkable manner , moved her hand down to the dispenser 's access plate and ran her fingers around the seam until she felt a magnetic bolt buzzing beneath her fingers .

Your agent on Belial also murdered Federique Moshe-Rabaan in an attempt to divert Adjudicator Bishop 's suspicions : an attempt which would have succeeded had it not been for my , ’ and he preened himself , ‘ abilities at detection .
your agent on belial also murdered federique moshe-rabaan in an [try] to divert adjudicator bishop 's suspicions : an [try] which would have succeeded had it not been for my , ’ and he preened himself , ‘ abilities at detection .

It did not attempt to do so for every council in the country .
it did not [try] to do so for every council in the country .

Unlike the old rating system there would be no attempt to value each property in the country .
unlike the old rating system there would be no [try] to value each property in the country .

Social services departments shifted their emphasis to community care for children and the elderly as part of an attempt to economise ( Kelly , 1989 ) .
social services departments shifted their emphasis to community care for children and the elderly as part of an [try] to economise ( kelly , 1989 ) .

One attempt to generalise the distinct contribution of the voluntary sector was made by the Wolfenden Committee on the future of voluntary organisations ( 1978 ) .
one [try] to generalise the distinct contribution of the voluntary sector was made by the wolfenden committee on the future of voluntary organisations ( 1978 ) .

Lloyd George 's attempt at a solution was to copy from Germany 's social insurance scheme and create a British variant — National Health Insurance ( Gilbert , 1966 ) .
lloyd george 's [try] at a solution was to copy from germany 's social insurance scheme and create a british variant — national health insurance ( gilbert , 1966 ) .

Districts can buy what they want from a nearby district or a teaching hospital rather than attempt to provide everything in their own area .
districts can buy what they want from a nearby district or a teaching hospital rather than [try] to provide everything in their own area .

He said truculently , without any attempt at apology :
he said truculently , without any [try] at apology :

He made no attempt to touch her , however .
he made no [try] to touch her , however .

She made no attempt to move away from him .
she made no [try] to move away from him .

The fascination of writing is the attempt to render personal experience into objective beauty and understanding , how to take the fleeting run of life and suspend it , turn it to something tangible , capable of being perused , of being learnt from by others , beginning with the passionate subjective , ending in the dispassionate objective .
the fascination of writing is the [try] to render personal experience into objective beauty and understanding , how to take the fleeting run of life and suspend it , turn it to something tangible , capable of being perused , of being learnt from by others , beginning with the passionate subjective , ending in the dispassionate objective .

The naming of tunes in Gaelic dancing has as much to do with the whim of the moment as with anything portentous : ‘ Upstairs in a Tent ’ , or ‘ The Clock on the Dresser ’ , or ‘ The Walls of Limerick , owe more to whimsy in the kitchen on the night than to any attempt by the musician to give his tune immortality .
the naming of tunes in gaelic dancing has as much to do with the whim of the moment as with anything portentous : ‘ upstairs in a tent ’ , or ‘ the clock on the dresser ’ , or ‘ the walls of limerick , owe more to whimsy in the kitchen on the night than to any [try] by the musician to give his tune immortality .

Four phases can be identified in the development of economic relations between the two regions : ( 1 ) In the 1920s tentative links were initiated by the new Soviet government , which was anxious to secure diplomatic recognition and to explore the potential for trade with Latin America as part of its attempt to break out of what was perceived as an economic blockade by the Western nations .
four phases can be identified in the development of economic relations between the two regions : ( 1 ) in the 1920s tentative links were initiated by the new soviet government , which was anxious to secure diplomatic recognition and to explore the potential for trade with latin america as part of its [try] to break out of what was perceived as an economic blockade by the western nations .

The first attempt to penetrate the Latin American market was made in the early 1930s , when Moscow found itself with a surplus of oil in a world marketing network tightly controlled by the major multi-nationals .
the first [try] to penetrate the latin american market was made in the early 1930s , when moscow found itself with a surplus of oil in a world marketing network tightly controlled by the major multi-nationals .

Latin American philosophers who were interested in its potential for eliminating poverty made no attempt to formulate a ‘ scientific ’ programme for political action on the part of the working classes .
latin american philosophers who were interested in its potential for eliminating poverty made no [try] to formulate a ‘ scientific ’ programme for political action on the part of the working classes .

The attempt of one of the leaders concerned to implement these extreme tactics resulted in his being caught and summarily executed by the local military commander .
the [try] of one of the leaders concerned to implement these extreme tactics resulted in his being caught and summarily executed by the local military commander .

The one major attempt to apply the Third period model in Latin America , in El Salvador in 1932 ( where the Comintern operated through International Red Aid ) , was quickly and brutally suppressed by a massacre of over 30,000 people .
the one major [try] to apply the third period model in latin america , in el salvador in 1932 ( where the comintern operated through international red aid ) , was quickly and brutally suppressed by a massacre of over 30,000 people .

This new attempt to apply Marxism to the Latin American situation has sought little outside inspiration and , when it has done so , has turned to other Third World countries rather than to Moscow .
this new [try] to apply marxism to the latin american situation has sought little outside inspiration and , when it has done so , has turned to other third world countries rather than to moscow .

Since the mid-1970s there has been an attempt to fuse the voluntaristic , militaristic , flamboyant aspects of Guevarism and Castroism with the tactical positions of more orthodox thought .
since the mid-1970s there has been an [try] to fuse the voluntaristic , militaristic , flamboyant aspects of guevarism and castroism with the tactical positions of more orthodox thought .

However , the potential political pitfalls involved in any attempt to confront the contradictions of a socialist and a Catholic Nicaragua were clearly demonstrated by the events of the pope 's 1982 visit .
however , the potential political pitfalls involved in any [try] to confront the contradictions of a socialist and a catholic nicaragua were clearly demonstrated by the events of the pope 's 1982 visit .

In June 1960 the United States Treasury advised the companies not to refine Soviet crude , and they accordingly refused to do so , alleging that , without expensive alterations , their refineries would be seriously damaged by any attempt to process the Soviet product .
in june 1960 the united states treasury advised the companies not to refine soviet crude , and they accordingly refused to do so , alleging that , without expensive alterations , their refineries would be seriously damaged by any [try] to process the soviet product .

Of course Castro 's stand , far from being just one of principle , was an attempt to enforce his claims on the Soviet Union at a time when the security of his revolution had never been more seriously threatened .
of course castro 's stand , far from being just one of principle , was an [try] to enforce his claims on the soviet union at a time when the security of his revolution had never been more seriously threatened .

’ He guessed that Turakina had been engaged in yet another attempt to negotiate a match on his behalf , and wondered which family had been involved .
’ he guessed that turakina had been engaged in yet another [try] to negotiate a match on his behalf , and wondered which family had been involved .

Even if the means could be found , there were reasons why they might never attempt to beam a distress signal into space .
even if the means could be found , there were reasons why they might never [try] to beam a distress signal into space .

It had been no accident , but rather a botched assassination attempt , which had set Alexei 's father down on Tarvaras .
it had been no accident , but rather a botched assassination [try] , which had set alexei 's father down on tarvaras .

There had been no second rescue attempt — the first vessel had been destroyed by a rigged explosion — and the conclusion the survivors had arrived at had been that they were assumed killed .
there had been no second rescue [try] — the first vessel had been destroyed by a rigged explosion — and the conclusion the survivors had arrived at had been that they were assumed killed .

Sula was by birth a Manghutt princess , and she had lived under sentence of banishment until her son 's accession to the Dragon Throne for her part in her family 's attempt to install him as Kha-Khan while his grandfather Arjun yet ruled .
sula was by birth a manghutt princess , and she had lived under sentence of banishment until her son 's accession to the dragon throne for her part in her family 's [try] to install him as kha-khan while his grandfather arjun yet ruled .

‘ What are you doing ? ’ Alexei eyed her long legs without any attempt to disguise his interest .
‘ what are you doing ? ’ alexei eyed her long legs without any [try] to disguise his interest .

There were men clustered in it , and they ducked in a vain attempt to avoid the sweeping mayhem of the laden spar .
there were men clustered in it , and they ducked in a vain [try] to avoid the sweeping mayhem of the laden spar .

The circumstance which offended most of the Yek who heard of it was not the attempt on Alexei 's life , but rather the means which had been employed .
the circumstance which offended most of the yek who heard of it was not the [try] on alexei 's life , but rather the means which had been employed .

Suddenly he realised the single glaring inconsistency in any line of argument which was designed to point to revenge or the settlement of a grudge as a motive for the attempt .
suddenly he realised the single glaring inconsistency in any line of argument which was designed to point to revenge or the settlement of a grudge as a motive for the [try] .

Yusagai was one of the men named in the attempt to kill Alexei .
yusagai was one of the men named in the [try] to kill alexei .

The so-called Winter of Discontent ( 1978–9 ) generated even more anti-trade-union sentiment , especially as Labour 's attempt to establish a 5 per cent pay norm led to strikes by lorry drivers and the low paid and produced television scenes of ‘ mountains ’ of uncollected refuse ( Scraton , 1985b ) .
the so-called winter of discontent ( 1978–9 ) generated even more anti-trade-union sentiment , especially as labour 's [try] to establish a 5 per cent pay norm led to strikes by lorry drivers and the low paid and produced television scenes of ‘ mountains ’ of uncollected refuse ( scraton , 1985b ) .

Ostensibly a dispute concerning the protection of a closed-shop arrangement and an attempt to resist the introduction of new technology , it is clear that the strike was symptomatic of Eddie Shah 's ( the newspaper proprietor 's ) intention to strike a blow against trade-union power .
ostensibly a dispute concerning the protection of a closed-shop arrangement and an [try] to resist the introduction of new technology , it is clear that the strike was symptomatic of eddie shah 's ( the newspaper proprietor 's ) intention to strike a blow against trade-union power .

When the convoys of coke lorries arrived , any attempt at picketing was rendered ineffectual : whenever serious pushing was exerted against police lines , snatch squads were instantly deployed .
when the convoys of coke lorries arrived , any [try] at picketing was rendered ineffectual : whenever serious pushing was exerted against police lines , snatch squads were instantly deployed .

First , there is the early Marxist approach of Ian Taylor which emphasises that hooligan behaviour is a symbolic attempt by working-class fans to restore some control over a game which they feel increasingly alienated from .
first , there is the early marxist approach of ian taylor which emphasises that hooligan behaviour is a symbolic [try] by working-class fans to restore some control over a game which they feel increasingly alienated from .

Aggro is likely to be considered appropriate in situations where opposing fans attempt a territorial invasion of their rivals ' ‘ end ’ ; where one hooligan fan stares at , or adopts a threatening posture towards an opponent , or calls him a demasculatory name , such as ‘ cunt ’ , ‘ wanker ’ , or ‘ poofta ’ .
aggro is likely to be considered appropriate in situations where opposing fans [try] a territorial invasion of their rivals ' ‘ end ’ ; where one hooligan fan stares at , or adopts a threatening posture towards an opponent , or calls him a demasculatory name , such as ‘ cunt ’ , ‘ wanker ’ , or ‘ poofta ’ .

First , it makes no attempt to explain the class-specific nature of football hooliganism .
first , it makes no [try] to explain the class-specific nature of football hooliganism .

an attempt to make it more attractive and eye-catching via such devices as pre-match and half-time entertainment and the regular televising of match highlights .
an [try] to make it more attractive and eye-catching via such devices as pre-match and half-time entertainment and the regular televising of match highlights .

To attempt to ignore these events or portray them as something other than what they are can only diminish confidence in the media and increase the effectiveness of those who monger rumors and the fears of those who listen .
to [try] to ignore these events or portray them as something other than what they are can only diminish confidence in the media and increase the effectiveness of those who monger rumors and the fears of those who listen .

There was no serious attempt to examine the rioters ' underlying grievances — seen as a symptom of the media 's customary neglect of the social problems experienced by black Americans .
there was no serious [try] to examine the rioters ' underlying grievances — seen as a symptom of the media 's customary neglect of the social problems experienced by black americans .

No attempt is made to place the violence in a social context .
no [try] is made to place the violence in a social context .

There was no attempt to empathise with the rioters or to communicate their grievances .
there was no [try] to empathise with the rioters or to communicate their grievances .

Coverage of this riot made no serious attempt to identify its underlying causes ( ibid . )
coverage of this riot made no serious [try] to identify its underlying causes ( ibid . )

In the autumn of 1988 , the British government made its most overt attempt to date to silence its Republican opponents .
in the autumn of 1988 , the british government made its most overt [try] to date to silence its republican opponents .

Like the villagers , with foreigners she made no attempt to speak more comprehensibly , but uttered her usual fast slur of vowel-sounds .
like the villagers , with foreigners she made no [try] to speak more comprehensibly , but uttered her usual fast slur of vowel-sounds .

Miss Fergusson , on the other hand , had merely been put into a temper : first by the attempt to thrust some foolish meaning on to the scriptural verse ; and secondly by the priest 's brazen commercial behaviour .
miss fergusson , on the other hand , had merely been put into a temper : first by the [try] to thrust some foolish meaning on to the scriptural verse ; and secondly by the priest 's brazen commercial behaviour .

Even those such as David Lodge and Malcolm Bradbury who argue against this blanket judgment do not attempt to depict the decade as one of great creative achievement .
even those such as david lodge and malcolm bradbury who argue against this blanket judgment do not [try] to depict the decade as one of great creative achievement .

On the one hand it is evident that the old order is collapsing of its own accord , so any attempt to subvert it would be pointless ; and on the other , none of these authors portrays a main character secure enough in his own moral beliefs to propose them as a new global framework .
on the one hand it is evident that the old order is collapsing of its own accord , so any [try] to subvert it would be pointless ; and on the other , none of these authors portrays a main character secure enough in his own moral beliefs to propose them as a new global framework .

Brooke-Rose 's attempt to integrate the creative and the scholarly seems , as one reviewer remarks , ‘ a shade voulu ’ ( Wyndham 1957:491 ) , a problem which haunts Murdoch 's work as well .
brooke-rose 's [try] to integrate the creative and the scholarly seems , as one reviewer remarks , ‘ a shade voulu ’ ( wyndham 1957:491 ) , a problem which haunts murdoch 's work as well .

By subverting the causal , linear logic of the traditional story , the novel emphasizes the fictionality inherent in any attempt to present the individual as a coherent whole .
by subverting the causal , linear logic of the traditional story , the novel emphasizes the fictionality inherent in any [try] to present the individual as a coherent whole .

The obvious artificiality of this device is jarring , and the half-hearted attempt to ‘ subjectify ’ a large chunk of sociological analysis soon gives way to more overt narratorial commentary in the same vein .
the obvious artificiality of this device is jarring , and the half-hearted [try] to ‘ subjectify ’ a large chunk of sociological analysis soon gives way to more overt narratorial commentary in the same vein .

She is the inverted product of a world against which she is continually defining herself , Brooke-Rose 's final , desperate attempt to present a ‘ character ’ in the traditional realist sense .
she is the inverted product of a world against which she is continually defining herself , brooke-rose 's final , desperate [try] to present a ‘ character ’ in the traditional realist sense .

In this latter attempt to turn the coercive action of metaphor back on itself lies the seed of the type of metaphor developed in Such .
in this latter [try] to turn the coercive action of metaphor back on itself lies the seed of the type of metaphor developed in such .

In his own attempt to ‘ map ’ the origins of life onto the individual psyche , Freud came to an unsettling conclusion .
in his own [try] to ‘ map ’ the origins of life onto the individual psyche , freud came to an unsettling conclusion .

The metaphoric transposition of characteristics of outer space onto inner space can be seen as a characteristic attempt to give known form to that which is unfamiliar .
the metaphoric transposition of characteristics of outer space onto inner space can be seen as a characteristic [try] to give known form to that which is unfamiliar .

The attempt to subvert binary logic threatens to invalidate the structuralist enterprise , and it is not without reason that in the early seventies Kristeva , Irigaray , and other women theorists began to map structuralism 's binary logic onto the social and discursive oppression of women by men . Lévi-Strauss had already described the fundamental structure of society and language in terms of the exchange of women , which he saw as the basis of all exchange :
the [try] to subvert binary logic threatens to invalidate the structuralist enterprise , and it is not without reason that in the early seventies kristeva , irigaray , and other women theorists began to map structuralism 's binary logic onto the social and discursive oppression of women by men . lévi-strauss had already described the fundamental structure of society and language in terms of the exchange of women , which he saw as the basis of all exchange :

The object of parody in Between is not so much theories and belief systems themselves as the linguistic manoeuvres by which they attempt to convince .
the object of parody in between is not so much theories and belief systems themselves as the linguistic manoeuvres by which they [try] to convince .

Out of Herodotus 's attempt to distinguish truth from myth arose our own codification of discursive types , but in his text this structure is still in a state of flux .
out of herodotus 's [try] to distinguish truth from myth arose our own codification of discursive types , but in his text this structure is still in a state of flux .

The novel represents an attempt to bring these two domains back together through the common discursive mode of narrative .
the novel represents an [try] to bring these two domains back together through the common discursive mode of narrative .

His ‘ myth ’ has the same status as hers , though later when scientists attempt to verify this he has to alter the chemical composition of his exterior in order to substantiate his claim .
his ‘ myth ’ has the same status as hers , though later when scientists [try] to verify this he has to alter the chemical composition of his exterior in order to substantiate his claim .

Order is eventually restored through the good offices of the interpreters Kelly and Jack , but no sooner are the terrorists under control than there is a second attempt to sabotage the convention by characters from television who demand representation .
order is eventually restored through the good offices of the interpreters kelly and jack , but no sooner are the terrorists under control than there is a second [try] to sabotage the convention by characters from television who demand representation .

Dexter wondered if his vagueness was due to the shock of his wife 's murder or an attempt to gain time .
dexter wondered if his vagueness was due to the shock of his wife 's murder or an [try] to gain time .

Each wavering , each attempt made to complete
each wavering , each [try] made to complete

Crime surveys attempt to bypass the problems of police statistics noted above , by asking a sample of respondents about their experiences of crime , both reported and unreported , to obtain a more accurate picture of crime levels .
crime surveys [try] to bypass the problems of police statistics noted above , by asking a sample of respondents about their experiences of crime , both reported and unreported , to obtain a more accurate picture of crime levels .

What can be seen is that the attempt to correlate black youth and crime is a latent but definite element in the law and order debate .
what can be seen is that the [try] to correlate black youth and crime is a latent but definite element in the law and order debate .

There is an attempt often to stop illegal claiming , rather than prosecute .
there is an [try] often to stop illegal claiming , rather than prosecute .

In this chapter we will attempt to examine some of the reasons for the continued use of custodial sentences .
in this chapter we will [try] to examine some of the reasons for the continued use of custodial sentences .

During 1988 in a desperate attempt to ameliorate the problem in the short term , the Government opened unused Army camps as temporary prisons .
during 1988 in a desperate [try] to ameliorate the problem in the short term , the government opened unused army camps as temporary prisons .

As we noted earlier the Conservative Government has followed two major policies in an attempt to deal with this penal crisis : firstly , simply to build more prisons ; and secondly , to reduce the numbers receiving custodial sentences .
as we noted earlier the conservative government has followed two major policies in an [try] to deal with this penal crisis : firstly , simply to build more prisons ; and secondly , to reduce the numbers receiving custodial sentences .

In the late 1980s the Government began yet another attempt to reduce prison overcrowding .
in the late 1980s the government began yet another [try] to reduce prison overcrowding .

It began an attempt to do this in several policy documents .
it began an [try] to do this in several policy documents .

The White Paper put forward punishment in the community as an attempt to reduce custodial sentencing and to save on expenditure .
the white paper put forward punishment in the community as an [try] to reduce custodial sentencing and to save on expenditure .

Hence , there is a necessary attempt , in order to bring in economic regulation , to construct a conservative recomposition of social and moral life .
hence , there is a necessary [try] , in order to bring in economic regulation , to construct a conservative recomposition of social and moral life .

However , this attempt to once more equate opposition to their policies with criminality , and hence deflect attention from the real issues , was thwarted somewhat by the Strangeways riot the next day .
however , this [try] to once more equate opposition to their policies with criminality , and hence deflect attention from the real issues , was thwarted somewhat by the strangeways riot the next day .

We need look no further than the police handling of the Poll Tax demonstrators in March 1990 and the subsequent attempt by the then Home Secretary to turn this into an issue of law and order .
we need look no further than the police handling of the poll tax demonstrators in march 1990 and the subsequent [try] by the then home secretary to turn this into an issue of law and order .

This occurred at a time when the Government support in the opinion polls was at one of its lowest ebbs and seemed a desperate attempt to create an atmosphere in which opposition to the Poll Tax became synonymous with criminality .
this occurred at a time when the government support in the opinion polls was at one of its lowest ebbs and seemed a desperate [try] to create an atmosphere in which opposition to the poll tax became synonymous with criminality .

There are some cracking discount deals around at the moment as lenders attempt to drum up new business , but watch out as the headline interest rate does n't always tell the whole story .
there are some cracking discount deals around at the moment as lenders [try] to drum up new business , but watch out as the headline interest rate does n't always tell the whole story .

It 's clearly destructive to your game if your attempt to gain distance instead results in sliced and topped shots .
it 's clearly destructive to your game if your [try] to gain distance instead results in sliced and topped shots .

If you attempt to swing with stiff-like wrists there will be no flowing motion .
if you [try] to swing with stiff-like wrists there will be no flowing motion .

Do n't attempt to copy action pictures ‘ frozen ’ by the high-speed camera .
do n't [try] to copy action pictures ‘ frozen ’ by the high-speed camera .

’ As you talk , you 'll find she 'll begin to understand the patter , until eventually she begins to attempt to put on her clothes all by herself .
’ as you talk , you 'll find she 'll begin to understand the patter , until eventually she begins to [try] to put on her clothes all by herself .

some attempt is made to reply to that question .
some [try] is made to reply to that question .

In an attempt to allay some of these fears , the government made a number of concessions during the report stage of the Bill :
in an [try] to allay some of these fears , the government made a number of concessions during the report stage of the bill :

In an attempt to overcome these problems , London and some other authorities are recruiting foreign teachers .
in an [try] to overcome these problems , london and some other authorities are recruiting foreign teachers .

The new system of funding is also intended to foster competition as institutions attempt to outbid one another for student places ; and should a voucher system be introduced , competition will intensify .
the new system of funding is also intended to foster competition as institutions [try] to outbid one another for student places ; and should a voucher system be introduced , competition will intensify .

It is true that local authorities do not achieve uniformity of provision , but usually an attempt is made to match resources to need .
it is true that local authorities do not achieve uniformity of provision , but usually an [try] is made to match resources to need .

According to Leat and Gay : ‘ Payment for care schemes attempt to overcome the weaknesses of bureaucratically organised statutory care by buying in the strengths of care in the private domain whilst at the same time overcoming the weaknesses of informal sector care ’ .
according to leat and gay : ‘ payment for care schemes [try] to overcome the weaknesses of bureaucratically organised statutory care by buying in the strengths of care in the private domain whilst at the same time overcoming the weaknesses of informal sector care ’ .

Other schemes , to which we now turn , attempt to interweave statutory , voluntary , informal and , less often , commercial care .
other schemes , to which we now turn , [try] to interweave statutory , voluntary , informal and , less often , commercial care .

This tendency is further emphasised by ‘ a conscious attempt to shift costs from the governmental to the private , family sector ’ .
this tendency is further emphasised by ‘ a conscious [try] to shift costs from the governmental to the private , family sector ’ .

Gamble advances the same argument when he identifies the Conservative challenge to the social democratic concept of citizenship as an attempt to block the extension of equal civil , political and social rights to all citizens .
gamble advances the same argument when he identifies the conservative challenge to the social democratic concept of citizenship as an [try] to block the extension of equal civil , political and social rights to all citizens .

It can not be dealt with fully here for lack of space but an attempt will be made to summarise the main features and dimensions of the divide .
it can not be dealt with fully here for lack of space but an [try] will be made to summarise the main features and dimensions of the divide .

It must be stressed again that this section of the chapter does not attempt to look at the level and nature of racial discrimination in Britain .
it must be stressed again that this section of the chapter does not [try] to look at the level and nature of racial discrimination in britain .

Throughout the 1980s the government made attempt after attempt to control and curb local government expenditure through cash limits , rate-capping and grant withdrawal . How successful have they been ?
throughout the 1980s the government made [try] after [try] to control and curb local government expenditure through cash limits , rate-capping and grant withdrawal . how successful have they been ?

Unlike most narrowboats , Oak was built with a cabin forward of the engine in an attempt to provide more living space .
unlike most narrowboats , oak was built with a cabin forward of the engine in an [try] to provide more living space .

That this is a determined attempt to restrict access is obvious from the efforts being made by the opposition to raise funds to have the protection of the Rights of Way Act removed .
that this is a determined [try] to restrict access is obvious from the efforts being made by the opposition to raise funds to have the protection of the rights of way act removed .

The K2s got away on the second attempt .
the k2s got away on the second [try] .

But because of its fierce realism and deep antipathy to authority ( whether it comes in the guise of nationalism or Catholicism , ) this culture is likely to resist any attempt to include it in the cosy consensus of Dublin as Europe 's cultural capital .
but because of its fierce realism and deep antipathy to authority ( whether it comes in the guise of nationalism or catholicism , ) this culture is likely to resist any [try] to include it in the cosy consensus of dublin as europe 's cultural capital .

If we are to combat any attempt of the Right to exploit issues involving sexuality in order to hang onto power , we can not afford to neglect the virtue of solidarity — which involves a certain restraint concerning our feelings bout what other people do in bed .
if we are to combat any [try] of the right to exploit issues involving sexuality in order to hang onto power , we can not afford to neglect the virtue of solidarity — which involves a certain restraint concerning our feelings bout what other people do in bed .

The Gulf war can be viewed as an attempt to reverse the irreversible .
the gulf war can be viewed as an [try] to reverse the irreversible .

If capitalism is on a headlong cascade into a new world , socialism , he says , ‘ collided with the future ’ , let down as much as anything by its failure to understand information and organization , its doomed attempt to apply the modes of engineering to thought , and its obsession with hardware rather than software .
if capitalism is on a headlong cascade into a new world , socialism , he says , ‘ collided with the future ’ , let down as much as anything by its failure to understand information and organization , its doomed [try] to apply the modes of engineering to thought , and its obsession with hardware rather than software .

Attempt to control bailiffs fails
[try] to control bailiffs fails

Such reports should not only discuss what problems might have emerged , and their time and cost implications , but also attempt to anticipate any subsequent difficulties to offer advance warning of any requests for supplementary expenditure .
such reports should not only discuss what problems might have emerged , and their time and cost implications , but also [try] to anticipate any subsequent difficulties to offer advance warning of any requests for supplementary expenditure .

Moreover , the effect is likely to be spread across different customers in an uneven fashion ; not all of them are likely to attempt to prolong the credit period permanently in this way .
moreover , the effect is likely to be spread across different customers in an uneven fashion ; not all of them are likely to [try] to prolong the credit period permanently in this way .

Attempt to persuade the City Council to discontinue its dangerous and extravagant traffic schemes near the Donnington area .
[try] to persuade the city council to discontinue its dangerous and extravagant traffic schemes near the donnington area .

The solution is to step outside the argument for a moment and attempt to change its direction instead of getting caught up and caught out by arguing on their terms .
the solution is to step outside the argument for a moment and [try] to change its direction instead of getting caught up and caught out by arguing on their terms .

The question was directed at Tutilo , and could not be evaded ; but there was no attempt at evasion .
the question was directed at tutilo , and could not be evaded ; but there was no [try] at evasion .

He gave little thought to it then , reasoning that she was not in such grave earnest that she would actually attempt to turn her indignant dream into action .
he gave little thought to it then , reasoning that she was not in such grave earnest that she would actually [try] to turn her indignant dream into action .

Joyce , frustrated , moved on to consideration of yesterday 's weather , complaints about the new trainee and an attempt to enlist Helen 's support in resisting the county librarian 's enthusiasm for a local history section at Spaxton .
joyce , frustrated , moved on to consideration of yesterday 's weather , complaints about the new trainee and an [try] to enlist helen 's support in resisting the county librarian 's enthusiasm for a local history section at spaxton .

Giles made no attempt to restrain her ; he said , ‘ You 're all going … ?
giles made no [try] to restrain her ; he said , ‘ you 're all going … ?

Nevertheless , photographs had been taken ; there had been a deliberate attempt to record , to retain .
nevertheless , photographs had been taken ; there had been a deliberate [try] to record , to retain .

At Theodore 's urging in 686 , Aldfrith also made an attempt to resolve the outstanding quarrel with Wilfrid and Theodore certainly seems to have prevailed on the king to restore Wilfrid first of all to Hexham ( during a vacancy there , Eata having died , though in 687 John of Beverley , a monk of Whitby , was appointed bishop ) ; then to York ( from which see Bosa , who was still alive in 704 ( Vita Wilfridi , ch .
at theodore 's urging in 686 , aldfrith also made an [try] to resolve the outstanding quarrel with wilfrid and theodore certainly seems to have prevailed on the king to restore wilfrid first of all to hexham ( during a vacancy there , eata having died , though in 687 john of beverley , a monk of whitby , was appointed bishop ) ; then to york ( from which see bosa , who was still alive in 704 ( vita wilfridi , ch .

In 768 Alhred married Osgifu , daughter of King Oswulf ( 758–9 ) , presumably an attempt to strengthen the dynastic aspirations of both families by a judicious alliance , and the indications are that he made an effort to behave in a way appropriate to his new position .
in 768 alhred married osgifu , daughter of king oswulf ( 758–9 ) , presumably an [try] to strengthen the dynastic aspirations of both families by a judicious alliance , and the indications are that he made an effort to behave in a way appropriate to his new position .

When Annie Besant was prosecuted with Charles Bradlaugh for publishing The Fruits of Philosophy , a book of contraceptive advice in 1877 , she faced public abuse and insinuations about the immorality of her private life , culminating in the successful attempt to deprive her of the custody of her young daughter .
when annie besant was prosecuted with charles bradlaugh for publishing the fruits of philosophy , a book of contraceptive advice in 1877 , she faced public abuse and insinuations about the immorality of her private life , culminating in the successful [try] to deprive her of the custody of her young daughter .

Certainly there was no attempt to resurrect the grandiose principles of sexual and sanitary hygiene .
certainly there was no [try] to resurrect the grandiose principles of sexual and sanitary hygiene .

While many citizens clamoured for the removal of public women from the streets , any attempt to introduce a continental system of tolerated areas would be rejected immediately as implicating the state in the immoral recognition of vice .
while many citizens clamoured for the removal of public women from the streets , any [try] to introduce a continental system of tolerated areas would be rejected immediately as implicating the state in the immoral recognition of vice .

You will appreciate that it is very difficult to apply to your institution , please attempt an approximate quantification of notional time spent on language work , and indicate the problem in a footnote .
you will appreciate that it is very difficult to apply to your institution , please [try] an approximate quantification of notional time spent on language work , and indicate the problem in a footnote .

We can compare this with a similar attempt made eight years later by Stubbs ( 1983 ) , who distinguishes four main areas of language which teachers should know about if they are to be able to make informed decisions about language problems at school :
we can compare this with a similar [try] made eight years later by stubbs ( 1983 ) , who distinguishes four main areas of language which teachers should know about if they are to be able to make informed decisions about language problems at school :

Thus , for example , Stubbs mentions some of the language problems that arise at school but does not attempt to provide , on the basis of these problems and the aims of the educational process , a rationale for the help which he , as a linguist , would like to offer to teachers .
thus , for example , stubbs mentions some of the language problems that arise at school but does not [try] to provide , on the basis of these problems and the aims of the educational process , a rationale for the help which he , as a linguist , would like to offer to teachers .

The attempt to cram sufficient experience of a five year span into a term of ten weeks brought with it superficiality and rush , leaving a guilty residue of feeling that not enough had been done thoroughly enough .
the [try] to cram sufficient experience of a five year span into a term of ten weeks brought with it superficiality and rush , leaving a guilty residue of feeling that not enough had been done thoroughly enough .

Transcripts of tape recordings have revealed a fascinating array of meanings ; an attempt has been made to interpret these in the social and cultural context of the pupils ' experience .
transcripts of tape recordings have revealed a fascinating array of meanings ; an [try] has been made to interpret these in the social and cultural context of the pupils ' experience .

What follows is an attempt to demonstrate a number of examples of a very specific concern with language and education .
what follows is an [try] to demonstrate a number of examples of a very specific concern with language and education .

Foundation Studies is an attempt , over two years , to provide a basis for classroom work by a detailed multidisciplinary consideration of essential issues in the theory and practice of educating .
foundation studies is an [try] , over two years , to provide a basis for classroom work by a detailed multidisciplinary consideration of essential issues in the theory and practice of educating .

In any attempt to assess and understand the use and function , the economic and social benefits of community languages in the restricted domains of the work place and in the public services i.e .
in any [try] to assess and understand the use and function , the economic and social benefits of community languages in the restricted domains of the work place and in the public services i.e .

It represented an attempt of a small group of working professional women to make a nationwide survey of the conditions of town life in England which might be held responsible for particular characteristics of wartime evacuees .
it represented an [try] of a small group of working professional women to make a nationwide survey of the conditions of town life in england which might be held responsible for particular characteristics of wartime evacuees .

During this time many aspects of town planning received a considerable boost , particularly in local authority house building , the development of regional strategies , new policies for the disadvantaged regions , transportation and a new attempt to control the land market .
during this time many aspects of town planning received a considerable boost , particularly in local authority house building , the development of regional strategies , new policies for the disadvantaged regions , transportation and a new [try] to control the land market .

Fifi was back at the bars and stretching out her hand in a vain attempt to reach the steel tray .
fifi was back at the bars and stretching out her hand in a vain [try] to reach the steel tray .

It was social laughter , an attempt to hammer out a common weapon against despair .
it was social laughter , an [try] to hammer out a common weapon against despair .

‘ Look , ’ Forester said urgently , and Carson could imagine his knuckles going white as he gripped the payphone receiver hard in an attempt to get his point across , ‘ my chance at having a kid 's been ruined , and the police and the government have got their heads together to cover up for the killer . ’
‘ look , ’ forester said urgently , and carson could imagine his knuckles going white as he gripped the payphone receiver hard in an [try] to get his point across , ‘ my chance at having a kid 's been ruined , and the police and the government have got their heads together to cover up for the killer . ’

Cotterell made an attempt to push the remaining files back into a stable heap .
cotterell made an [try] to push the remaining files back into a stable heap .

There was desperation under his attempt at reassurance .
there was desperation under his [try] at reassurance .

On his first attempt to start he pumped the accelerator too hard and almost flooded out .
on his first [try] to start he pumped the accelerator too hard and almost flooded out .

They 'd attempt to trace the owner and inform him , and that was it .
they 'd [try] to trace the owner and inform him , and that was it .

They did n't want the Yanks stumbling in and screwing up in an attempt to force the issue .
they did n't want the yanks stumbling in and screwing up in an [try] to force the issue .

Adam screamed , loud and violent , in his attempt to absorb the pain .
adam screamed , loud and violent , in his [try] to absorb the pain .

Those naturalists who wanted to preserve a role for the supernatural in the creation of life were forced to try out a number of alternatives in an attempt to provide an explanatory framework that would serve as an alternative to evolutionism .
those naturalists who wanted to preserve a role for the supernatural in the creation of life were forced to try out a number of alternatives in an [try] to provide an explanatory framework that would serve as an alternative to evolutionism .

The first attempt to break through the deadlock created by the blacklisting of Lamarckism was made not by Darwin , but by the Edinburgh publisher and amateur naturalist , Robert Chambers ( 1802–71 ) .
the first [try] to break through the deadlock created by the blacklisting of lamarckism was made not by darwin , but by the edinburgh publisher and amateur naturalist , robert chambers ( 1802–71 ) .

Outside science , evolutionism replaced natural theology as the chief foundation for the attempt to understand the meaning and nature of the material universe .
outside science , evolutionism replaced natural theology as the chief foundation for the [try] to understand the meaning and nature of the material universe .

These widely differing national responses suggest that we should be wary of any attempt to explain the popularity of evolutionism in terms of the self-evident superiority of Darwin 's explanatory programme .
these widely differing national responses suggest that we should be wary of any [try] to explain the popularity of evolutionism in terms of the self-evident superiority of darwin 's explanatory programme .

It was clear he had had nothing to do with the assassination attempt .
it was clear he had had nothing to do with the assassination [try] .

The question that confronted them-the question they had met today to answer was simple : should they attempt to harness his talents or should they destroy him ?
the question that confronted them-the question they had met today to answer was simple : should they [try] to harness his talents or should they destroy him ?

At the third attempt he found himself in .
at the third [try] he found himself in .

Then you will also know how stupid it was of you to attempt to deceive us .
then you will also know how stupid it was of you to [try] to deceive us .

Ursula did not attempt to persuade her to stay , for which she was grateful .
ursula did not [try] to persuade her to stay , for which she was grateful .

The dog was in the yard and barked a desultory warning of their arrival , but made no attempt to stop them approaching the house .
the dog was in the yard and barked a desultory warning of their arrival , but made no [try] to stop them approaching the house .

The black car swerved out in an attempt to get alongside her .
the black car swerved out in an [try] to get alongside her .

There was no attempt to hide the grief ; it exploded , raw and naked .
there was no [try] to hide the grief ; it exploded , raw and naked .

They know that even in the often dreary services some attempt , no matter how limited , is being made to make contact with the great mystery .
they know that even in the often dreary services some [try] , no matter how limited , is being made to make contact with the great mystery .

They make no attempt to explore the cause of those tears , concentrating instead on living without muscular tension .
they make no [try] to explore the cause of those tears , concentrating instead on living without muscular tension .

They may be the first sign of trust given , an attempt to show an external sign of an internal pain as a way of having it noticed .
they may be the first sign of trust given , an [try] to show an external sign of an internal pain as a way of having it noticed .

The day before the battle , Dulé had marked certain rocks on the beach in an attempt to warn Ariel ; it was a way he had communicated with her now and then , on his sorties from Oualie .
the day before the battle , dulé had marked certain rocks on the beach in an [try] to warn ariel ; it was a way he had communicated with her now and then , on his sorties from oualie .

’ Round him , she was talkative in order to provoke him into replying , and the attempt made her a habitual confessor , though she would have been amazed if she had been charged with talking about herself all the time .
’ round him , she was talkative in order to provoke him into replying , and the [try] made her a habitual confessor , though she would have been amazed if she had been charged with talking about herself all the time .

She was trembling , hot tears sprang to her eyes , she wanted to cover her face with her hands , but did not dare attempt such a defending gesture for it would have seemed a patent provocation ; besides she knew how to stand in the face of anger .
she was trembling , hot tears sprang to her eyes , she wanted to cover her face with her hands , but did not dare [try] such a defending gesture for it would have seemed a patent provocation ; besides she knew how to stand in the face of anger .

The impossibility of maintaining a minute to minute control of larger staff will inevitably cause complications during any roll-call attempt to account for every person .
the impossibility of maintaining a minute to minute control of larger staff will inevitably cause complications during any roll-call [try] to account for every person .

With increasing rapidity , though , as technological and professional education develops , and as bodies such as the National Council for Vocational Qualifications attempt to point higher education towards the acquisition of ‘ competencies ’ , higher education becomes a culture of technique .
with increasing rapidity , though , as technological and professional education develops , and as bodies such as the national council for vocational qualifications [try] to point higher education towards the acquisition of ‘ competencies ’ , higher education becomes a culture of technique .

To attempt to change the dominant perceptions of what the corpus is all about will literally be irrational , because such a move would run counter to the form of life represented by the discipline .
to [try] to change the dominant perceptions of what the corpus is all about will literally be irrational , because such a move would run counter to the form of life represented by the discipline .

But even if it were , the attempt would misrepresent the character of higher education .
but even if it were , the [try] would misrepresent the character of higher education .

( Chapter 7 contains an attempt to follow through the implications for the internal life of institutions of their practising such a Habermas type communicative rationality . )
( chapter 7 contains an [try] to follow through the implications for the internal life of institutions of their practising such a habermas type communicative rationality . )

Research is an attempt to produce objective knowledge , independent of personal viewpoint .
research is an [try] to produce objective knowledge , independent of personal viewpoint .

In a world where , far from becoming ‘ paperless ’ , our output of printed material is doubling every three years it is hardly surprising that any attempt to increase our efficient use of paper is rapidly accepted .
in a world where , far from becoming ‘ paperless ’ , our output of printed material is doubling every three years it is hardly surprising that any [try] to increase our efficient use of paper is rapidly accepted .

If this is printed directly on a page printer at the same resolution the results seem reasonable but attempt to reproduce the image by photocopying or traditional printing and the lack of quality is all too apparent .
if this is printed directly on a page printer at the same resolution the results seem reasonable but [try] to reproduce the image by photocopying or traditional printing and the lack of quality is all too apparent .

This uses a varying pattern of dots to create the effect of varying intensities of grey but , at 300dpi , it is a pretty poor attempt .
this uses a varying pattern of dots to create the effect of varying intensities of grey but , at 300dpi , it is a pretty poor [try] .

It was also the realisation of the fundamental concept behind page description languages , in that they were originally intended to be used for creating displays rather than driving printers , and the beginning of Adobe 's attempt to create a standard for graphics systems , now known as Display PostScript .
it was also the realisation of the fundamental concept behind page description languages , in that they were originally intended to be used for creating displays rather than driving printers , and the beginning of adobe 's [try] to create a standard for graphics systems , now known as display postscript .

Stack have also made an attempt at a title page but it 's a very poor effort indeed compared with its commercial rivals .
stack have also made an [try] at a title page but it 's a very poor effort indeed compared with its commercial rivals .

The younger of the two ran for the side of the boat , perhaps in an attempt to dive over the side .
the younger of the two ran for the side of the boat , perhaps in an [try] to dive over the side .

Some celebrated empirical studies of work groups have argued that so-called restrictive practices usually reflect the attempt by workers to impose their own definition of a fair day 's work .
some celebrated empirical studies of work groups have argued that so-called restrictive practices usually reflect the [try] by workers to impose their own definition of a fair day 's work .

staff managers may attempt to encroach on the roles or ‘ territory ’ of line managers and usurp some of their authority ; or
staff managers may [try] to encroach on the roles or ‘ territory ’ of line managers and usurp some of their authority ; or

What type of customer should the sales force attempt to attract ?
what type of customer should the sales force [try] to attract ?

In practice many managers are reluctant to delegate and attempt to do many routine matters themselves in addition to their more important duties .
in practice many managers are reluctant to delegate and [try] to do many routine matters themselves in addition to their more important duties .

Staff managers may attempt to usurp line authority .
staff managers may [try] to usurp line authority .

Trist et al argued that an organisation is a socio-technological system which must attempt to balance ,
trist et al argued that an organisation is a socio-technological system which must [try] to balance ,

This aim does not refer to the effectiveness of actual decisions taken in given circumstances ( which is the central problem of business policy ) , but rather to the attempt to identify those structures of behaviour which contribute to the achievement of organisational goals .
this aim does not refer to the effectiveness of actual decisions taken in given circumstances ( which is the central problem of business policy ) , but rather to the [try] to identify those structures of behaviour which contribute to the achievement of organisational goals .

He was too wise and experienced a horseman to attempt to force them to go forward : instead he turned them short and proceeded to plough another stetch .
he was too wise and experienced a horseman to [try] to force them to go forward : instead he turned them short and proceeded to plough another stetch .

This leads to the sudden shedding of their work-force because of enforced savings made in an attempt to survive .
this leads to the sudden shedding of their work-force because of enforced savings made in an [try] to survive .

But with the exception of Aviemore in Scotland , no serious attempt has been made to set up leisure communities in Britain .
but with the exception of aviemore in scotland , no serious [try] has been made to set up leisure communities in britain .

Whilst the cost of unemployment in terms of human misery and risk of social unrest must be considerable , the attempt to seek a remedy must not be looked at as merely a social gesture .
whilst the cost of unemployment in terms of human misery and risk of social unrest must be considerable , the [try] to seek a remedy must not be looked at as merely a social gesture .

He returned to India , following a kidnap attempt , but because there was a fear that Muhammad Ali Pasha , governor of Egypt , might seize Aden , he stormed the town on 19 January 1839 .
he returned to india , following a kidnap [try] , but because there was a fear that muhammad ali pasha , governor of egypt , might seize aden , he stormed the town on 19 january 1839 .

An attempt to bring the imam of Yemen into alliance was vetoed by India , but he played tribal politics better than the craftiest of sheikhs , cheaply keeping the peace with well-placed bribes .
an [try] to bring the imam of yemen into alliance was vetoed by india , but he played tribal politics better than the craftiest of sheikhs , cheaply keeping the peace with well-placed bribes .

In 1619 William joined Pavier in an attempt to publish plays by and attributed to Shakespeare , apparently intending to sell them in sets of nine volumes .
in 1619 william joined pavier in an [try] to publish plays by and attributed to shakespeare , apparently intending to sell them in sets of nine volumes .

The extent of British involvement in the revolt remains a matter of conjecture , but Humphrys and his colleagues warmly supported the candidature of Nadir Khan , Amanullah 's successor , and vigorously opposed Amanullah 's attempt to stage a comeback from his retreat in Kandahar .
the extent of british involvement in the revolt remains a matter of conjecture , but humphrys and his colleagues warmly supported the candidature of nadir khan , amanullah 's successor , and vigorously opposed amanullah 's [try] to stage a comeback from his retreat in kandahar .

With her attempt to establish a company at the Imperial Theatre , Westminster , having failed , Lillie resumed touring .
with her [try] to establish a company at the imperial theatre , westminster , having failed , lillie resumed touring .

The Female Advocate , or an Attempt to Recover the Rights of Women from Male Usurpation , 1799 ( which , despite advice from Arthur Murphy , q.v .
the female advocate , or an [try] to recover the rights of women from male usurpation , 1799 ( which , despite advice from arthur murphy , q.v .

, from the government 's attempt to prevent their impeachment of Edward Hyde , first Earl of Clarendon [ q.v . ]
, from the government 's [try] to prevent their impeachment of edward hyde , first earl of clarendon [ q.v . ]

Combe Bank could be regarded as an attempt to reduce the four-corner-towered form of , for example , Lord Burlington 's Tottenham Park to the scale of a villa ; at Whitton Place he appears to have been one of the first Palladian architects to employ the three-sided bay-window motif ; and his stable block at Althorp , Northamptonshire ( 1732–3 ) , with its portico derived from St Paul Covent Garden is exceptional for the time in its exploitation of the bold simplicity of the Tuscan order .
combe bank could be regarded as an [try] to reduce the four-corner-towered form of , for example , lord burlington 's tottenham park to the scale of a villa ; at whitton place he appears to have been one of the first palladian architects to employ the three-sided bay-window motif ; and his stable block at althorp , northamptonshire ( 1732–3 ) , with its portico derived from st paul covent garden is exceptional for the time in its exploitation of the bold simplicity of the tuscan order .

He also successfully defended the island against an attempt by the sultan of Kedah in 1791 to reclaim it because of the failure by the East India Company to observe the defensive clause in the treaty of cession .
he also successfully defended the island against an [try] by the sultan of kedah in 1791 to reclaim it because of the failure by the east india company to observe the defensive clause in the treaty of cession .

Barclay was the first English lexicographer to attempt the latter .
barclay was the first english lexicographer to [try] the latter .

It is not difficult to see from Salmon 's publications why more orthodox contemporaries saw atheistical or extreme heretical ideas in them , although his four pamphlets , which were read widely in radical religious circles , were really a highly personal attempt to articulate a nearly inexpressible sense of union with the divine .
it is not difficult to see from salmon 's publications why more orthodox contemporaries saw atheistical or extreme heretical ideas in them , although his four pamphlets , which were read widely in radical religious circles , were really a highly personal [try] to articulate a nearly inexpressible sense of union with the divine .

When her first attempt to sustain a local nursing service failed , she decided that the first essential was a national organization to provide loans , train nurses , and monitor standards .
when her first [try] to sustain a local nursing service failed , she decided that the first essential was a national organization to provide loans , train nurses , and monitor standards .

, when the Quaker proprietor offered him the deputy governorship of the infant colony of Pennsylvania , in a desperate attempt to reassert his authority over the resident Quaker oligarchy based in Philadelphia .
, when the quaker proprietor offered him the deputy governorship of the infant colony of pennsylvania , in a desperate [try] to reassert his authority over the resident quaker oligarchy based in philadelphia .

Her teenage years were turbulent , marked by a suicide attempt and ( the next year , 1784 ) the death of her beloved father .
her teenage years were turbulent , marked by a suicide [try] and ( the next year , 1784 ) the death of her beloved father .

Though making no attempt to stand for Parliament in 1841 , he was again appointed storekeeper of the ordnance in Peel 's second ministry .
though making no [try] to stand for parliament in 1841 , he was again appointed storekeeper of the ordnance in peel 's second ministry .

to participate in an attempt to take Queen Elizabeth hostage .
to participate in an [try] to take queen elizabeth hostage .

, in an attempt to secure his release .
, in an [try] to secure his release .

Specifically , an attempt has been made to present him as the architect of Salisbury Cathedral .
specifically , an [try] has been made to present him as the architect of salisbury cathedral .

The attempt has failed , through scepticism that one man could have supervised such a major project whilst still discharging Elias 's functions as steward and administrator elsewhere .
the [try] has failed , through scepticism that one man could have supervised such a major project whilst still discharging elias 's functions as steward and administrator elsewhere .

His father 's penury prevented Machen attending university , and his attempt to pursue a medical career proved short-lived when he failed the preliminary examination of the Royal College of Surgeons in 1880 .
his father 's penury prevented machen attending university , and his [try] to pursue a medical career proved short-lived when he failed the preliminary examination of the royal college of surgeons in 1880 .

Following the failure of the attempt to get Edinburgh to grant medical degrees to women , she moved to London and qualified at the new Medical College for Women in 1873 , but practised only briefly .
following the failure of the [try] to get edinburgh to grant medical degrees to women , she moved to london and qualified at the new medical college for women in 1873 , but practised only briefly .

After two months of frustrating delay , caused by bad weather and technical difficulties which reduced public interest and renewed public criticism , Campbell finally made his attempt on Coniston on 4 January 1967 .
after two months of frustrating delay , caused by bad weather and technical difficulties which reduced public interest and renewed public criticism , campbell finally made his [try] on coniston on 4 january 1967 .

Presumably as part of his attempt to rule Kent , Cenwulf gave the abbey of St Augustine 's Canterbury to his relative Cunred and the nunnery of Minster-in-Thanet to his daughter Cwenthryth .
presumably as part of his [try] to rule kent , cenwulf gave the abbey of st augustine 's canterbury to his relative cunred and the nunnery of minster-in-thanet to his daughter cwenthryth .

In an attempt to defend his position he secured election to Parliament for Bletchingley the following year and immediately introduced a bill , which was lost in committee , for the easier supply of saltpetre .
in an [try] to defend his position he secured election to parliament for bletchingley the following year and immediately introduced a bill , which was lost in committee , for the easier supply of saltpetre .

The Large English Atlas ( serially produced with Bowen 1749–60 ) was the most important county atlas since Elizabethan times and the first real attempt to cover the whole country at large scale .
the large english atlas ( serially produced with bowen 1749–60 ) was the most important county atlas since elizabethan times and the first real [try] to cover the whole country at large scale .

In an attempt to support her two surviving children , Kelly became a professional writer , publishing her first novel , Madeline , in 1794 .
in an [try] to support her two surviving children , kelly became a professional writer , publishing her first novel , madeline , in 1794 .

After an attempt to silence him failed , John Buckingham , bishop of Lincoln [ q.v .
after an [try] to silence him failed , john buckingham , bishop of lincoln [ q.v .

He Anglicized his name and a few years later he was being described as an accountant or merchant 's clerk ; a subsequent attempt to establish himself as a commission agent apparently failed .
he anglicized his name and a few years later he was being described as an accountant or merchant 's clerk ; a subsequent [try] to establish himself as a commission agent apparently failed .

Firstly , her book is notable for its attempt to combine good living with economy .
firstly , her book is notable for its [try] to combine good living with economy .

In 1927 she swam the 120 miles from London to Folkestone in stages ; and on 7 October 1927 , at her eighth attempt , she became the first Englishwoman to swim the Channel ( from France to England in 15 hrs .
in 1927 she swam the 120 miles from london to folkestone in stages ; and on 7 october 1927 , at her eighth [try] , she became the first englishwoman to swim the channel ( from france to england in 15 hrs .

In 1910 Jebb made his only attempt to enter Parliament , contesting the seat of East Marylebone as a Unionist with tariff-reform beliefs ; the official Unionist candidate won , with a Liberal second and Jebb third .
in 1910 jebb made his only [try] to enter parliament , contesting the seat of east marylebone as a unionist with tariff-reform beliefs ; the official unionist candidate won , with a liberal second and jebb third .

Invalided back to England , he spent time in various war hospitals and , after exhibiting signs of mental instability ( including a suicide attempt on 19 June 1918 ) , he was finally discharged in October 1918 .
invalided back to england , he spent time in various war hospitals and , after exhibiting signs of mental instability ( including a suicide [try] on 19 june 1918 ) , he was finally discharged in october 1918 .

, which met frequently in an attempt to standardize the names of the plants they were growing .
, which met frequently in an [try] to standardize the names of the plants they were growing .

Lady Ardshiel was prosecuted through the courts in an unsuccessful attempt to recover rents received by her since Culloden .
lady ardshiel was prosecuted through the courts in an unsuccessful [try] to recover rents received by her since culloden .

His building works were part of an attempt to introduce a more regular life to the chapters of these churches , apparently inspired by his observations in Cologne .
his building works were part of an [try] to introduce a more regular life to the chapters of these churches , apparently inspired by his observations in cologne .

He moved to Australia to box professionally , and fought there successfully for ten years until his attempt at the Australian middleweight title in 1890 , when he was defeated by Jim Hall .
he moved to australia to box professionally , and fought there successfully for ten years until his [try] at the australian middleweight title in 1890 , when he was defeated by jim hall .

Having failed as surveyor-general , Worsley made an unsuccessful attempt in 1659 to secure the Post Office farm surrendered by John Thurloe [ q.v . ]
having failed as surveyor-general , worsley made an unsuccessful [try] in 1659 to secure the post office farm surrendered by john thurloe [ q.v . ]

In an attempt to repeat their success on the Irrawaddy , the Denny and Henderson families took a large stake in the La Platense Flotilla Co. in 1882 to operate river services in Argentina and Uruguay .
in an [try] to repeat their success on the irrawaddy , the denny and henderson families took a large stake in the la platense flotilla co. in 1882 to operate river services in argentina and uruguay .

Deeply troubled by this experience , he sailed for Latin America in the late summer of 1886 in an attempt to save the firm .
deeply troubled by this experience , he sailed for latin america in the late summer of 1886 in an [try] to save the firm .

It is for this book , her only attempt at fantasy , that she is remembered .
it is for this book , her only [try] at fantasy , that she is remembered .

, perhaps in an attempt to salvage the commission for the family .
, perhaps in an [try] to salvage the commission for the family .

Regularly employed on missions abroad , he was also closely involved with the king 's attempt to secure the bishopric of Durham for Henry 's brother Louis [ q.v . ]
regularly employed on missions abroad , he was also closely involved with the king 's [try] to secure the bishopric of durham for henry 's brother louis [ q.v . ]

There , after an abortive attempt to establish a School of Painting at the Villa Paz , he executed his final landscapes and figure paintings .
there , after an abortive [try] to establish a school of painting at the villa paz , he executed his final landscapes and figure paintings .

In 1261 Fitzjohn , as part of the abortive attempt to prevent the overthrow of the Provisions of Oxford , the revolutionary programme imposed in 1258 , became sheriff of Bedfordshire–Buckinghamshire in opposition to the sheriff appointed by the king .
in 1261 fitzjohn , as part of the abortive [try] to prevent the overthrow of the provisions of oxford , the revolutionary programme imposed in 1258 , became sheriff of bedfordshire–buckinghamshire in opposition to the sheriff appointed by the king .

Instead , much of Musgrave 's life can be read as an attempt , through royal service , to secure a status and income independent of his father , who died in 1542 only eighteen months before Sir William 's own premature death .
instead , much of musgrave 's life can be read as an [try] , through royal service , to secure a status and income independent of his father , who died in 1542 only eighteen months before sir william 's own premature death .

His Failure of Sight from Railway and Other Injuries of the Spine and Head ( 1869 ) was a speculative attempt to apply his theories of inflammation to clinical problems .
his failure of sight from railway and other injuries of the spine and head ( 1869 ) was a speculative [try] to apply his theories of inflammation to clinical problems .

In 1731 he was appointed to minister in Tunbridge Wells at the meeting house in Little Mount Sion , and in that year a tract attributed to him — Divine Benevolence : Or , An Attempt to prove that the Principal End Of the Divine Providence and Government is the Happiness of his Creatures — was published by John Noon .
in 1731 he was appointed to minister in tunbridge wells at the meeting house in little mount sion , and in that year a tract attributed to him — divine benevolence : or , an [try] to prove that the principal end of the divine providence and government is the happiness of his creatures — was published by john noon .

Throughout the early reports there is a constant emphasis on the level and content of the work , in an obvious attempt to stress that adults in ‘ deprived ’ areas are capable of undertaking sustained , demanding education if it is seen to be relevant to their needs .
throughout the early reports there is a constant emphasis on the level and content of the work , in an obvious [try] to stress that adults in ‘ deprived ’ areas are capable of undertaking sustained , demanding education if it is seen to be relevant to their needs .

They applauded the attempt to cross the sectarian divide to stress the problems common to members of the working-class in both communities .
they applauded the [try] to cross the sectarian divide to stress the problems common to members of the working-class in both communities .

It is part of an attempt to deter potential recruits and to distract us from concluding that it is men who are the cause of women 's oppression , not anyone else .
it is part of an [try] to deter potential recruits and to distract us from concluding that it is men who are the cause of women 's oppression , not anyone else .

Some projects did attempt to establish trade union links at grassroots level : organisations like Coventry Workshop bring together people from a range of causes and struggles in a common endeavour to build connections and analyse the wider context .
some projects did [try] to establish trade union links at grassroots level : organisations like coventry workshop bring together people from a range of causes and struggles in a common endeavour to build connections and analyse the wider context .

He had learned to his cost , when the ‘ Empire ’ had staged nude reviews in a desperate attempt to keep going , that using sex quite frankly as the basic attraction meant losing the reliable , come-every-week family audience to gain the dubious favours of a fickle , rowdy mob of hooligans .
he had learned to his cost , when the ‘ empire ’ had staged nude reviews in a desperate [try] to keep going , that using sex quite frankly as the basic attraction meant losing the reliable , come-every-week family audience to gain the dubious favours of a fickle , rowdy mob of hooligans .

As soon as she had realized that he was making no attempt to disguise his liking for her , she had known that there was no hope .
as soon as she had realized that he was making no [try] to disguise his liking for her , she had known that there was no hope .

Again and again the nightmare rose into his mind like bile into the mouth ; he threshed about in a desperate attempt to shut it out , but again and again he suffered the humiliation , the panic , the pain .
again and again the nightmare rose into his mind like bile into the mouth ; he threshed about in a desperate [try] to shut it out , but again and again he suffered the humiliation , the panic , the pain .

’ This attempt to ‘ define ’ by inclusions has been carried a stage further by the Financial Services Act which , for its purposes , employs both inclusions and exclusions .
’ this [try] to ‘ define ’ by inclusions has been carried a stage further by the financial services act which , for its purposes , employs both inclusions and exclusions .

But unfortunately it also enables traders who wish to attempt to sell their wares by ‘ junk-mail , ’ or telephone calls , to obtain , more cheaply than in any other way , a ‘ sucker-list ’ of potential victims by buying a copy of the membership register of , say , British Telecom or British Gas .
but unfortunately it also enables traders who wish to [try] to sell their wares by ‘ junk-mail , ’ or telephone calls , to obtain , more cheaply than in any other way , a ‘ sucker-list ’ of potential victims by buying a copy of the membership register of , say , british telecom or british gas .

However an attempt was made to restore confidence in it by what is now section 184 .
however an [try] was made to restore confidence in it by what is now section 184 .

It may , however , be the only security obtainable , for an attempt to obtain a legal charge will almost certainly be frustrated by the refusal of the directors to register the transfer .
it may , however , be the only security obtainable , for an [try] to obtain a legal charge will almost certainly be frustrated by the refusal of the directors to register the transfer .

If , faute-de-mieux , it has to be accepted , notice should immediately be given to the company , making it clear that this is a notice which it can not disregard in relation to any lien it may claim , and an attempt should be made to obtain information about the amount , if any , then owed to the company .
if , faute-de-mieux , it has to be accepted , notice should immediately be given to the company , making it clear that this is a notice which it can not disregard in relation to any lien it may claim , and an [try] should be made to obtain information about the amount , if any , then owed to the company .

The estate may suffer because it may be impossible for the personal representative to sell the shares at their true value , especially if any attempt to dispose of them would trigger rights of pre-emption or first refusal .
the estate may suffer because it may be impossible for the personal representative to sell the shares at their true value , especially if any [try] to dispose of them would trigger rights of pre-emption or first refusal .

Although this does not vest a security interest in the creditor , it has been claimed ( rightly ) that it ‘ behaves ’ like a security interest since it is an attempt to preclude the debtor from freely using its assets and thus , as with a security interest , it provides the creditor with a measure of protection .
although this does not vest a security interest in the creditor , it has been claimed ( rightly ) that it ‘ behaves ’ like a security interest since it is an [try] to preclude the debtor from freely using its assets and thus , as with a security interest , it provides the creditor with a measure of protection .

The temptation and the opportunities to attempt to salvage something out of the wreck are particularly great in the case of the directors themselves .
the temptation and the opportunities to [try] to salvage something out of the wreck are particularly great in the case of the directors themselves .

So long as assets remain available they will have caused the company to borrow on mortgage , but when the company 's credit is exhausted they may attempt to keep the company afloat by themselves making unsecured loans to it .
so long as assets remain available they will have caused the company to borrow on mortgage , but when the company 's credit is exhausted they may [try] to keep the company afloat by themselves making unsecured loans to it .

If Maurin wanted to kill me , surely he would n't attempt it in a public place where he might be recognized .
if maurin wanted to kill me , surely he would n't [try] it in a public place where he might be recognized .

Maurin explained about Tim 's blackmail attempt .
maurin explained about tim 's blackmail [try] .

She told him what Maurin said about the reason for the attempt to kill her .
she told him what maurin said about the reason for the [try] to kill her .

We do not propose to attempt any sort of definition , particularly after the speeches in Brutus v. Cozens , but some consideration of its characteristics are necessary in the light of counsel 's submissions that behaviour of the type here is not insulting .
we do not propose to [try] any sort of definition , particularly after the speeches in brutus v. cozens , but some consideration of its characteristics are necessary in the light of counsel 's submissions that behaviour of the type here is not insulting .

This means that if a person intends to cause a policeman to react unlawfully , and uses threats , abuse or insults in an attempt to cause the policeman to overreact , he commits the offence if the other ingredients are proved to have occurred .
this means that if a person intends to cause a policeman to react unlawfully , and uses threats , abuse or insults in an [try] to cause the policeman to overreact , he commits the offence if the other ingredients are proved to have occurred .

Sometimes the purpose is simply intimidatory , as with the racist march , rather than an attempt to coerce persons into taking or not pursuing any particular course of action , and it is difficult to see that conditions could be imposed on a ‘ racist ’ march on this ground alone .
sometimes the purpose is simply intimidatory , as with the racist march , rather than an [try] to coerce persons into taking or not pursuing any particular course of action , and it is difficult to see that conditions could be imposed on a ‘ racist ’ march on this ground alone .

’ Against that , however , the view may be taken that the word ‘ it ’ refers to a public assembly , and since the gathering will no longer constitute such an assembly if the numbers fall below 20 , it would be ultra vires the powers of the police to attempt to limit the numbers below the requisite numbers .
’ against that , however , the view may be taken that the word ‘ it ’ refers to a public assembly , and since the gathering will no longer constitute such an assembly if the numbers fall below 20 , it would be ultra vires the powers of the police to [try] to limit the numbers below the requisite numbers .

The common law offence of sedition , which consists of stirring hatred amongst different classes of Her Majesty 's subjects had fallen into disuse , and an unsuccessful attempt to use it to prosecute for the making of anti-semitic remarks appears to have discouraged prosecuting authorities from seeking to persuade the courts to mould the common law to deal with new problems posed by those who promote ill-will in an increasingly multi-racial society .
the common law offence of sedition , which consists of stirring hatred amongst different classes of her majesty 's subjects had fallen into disuse , and an unsuccessful [try] to use it to prosecute for the making of anti-semitic remarks appears to have discouraged prosecuting authorities from seeking to persuade the courts to mould the common law to deal with new problems posed by those who promote ill-will in an increasingly multi-racial society .

In an attempt to counter defences such as this , the Act reintroduces the requirement of an intent to stir up racial hatred as an alternative to the objective formula .
in an [try] to counter defences such as this , the act reintroduces the requirement of an intent to stir up racial hatred as an alternative to the objective formula .

This difference between spoken and written language usually becomes apparent when researchers attempt to transcribe spontaneous speech .
this difference between spoken and written language usually becomes apparent when researchers [try] to transcribe spontaneous speech .

For present purposes it is sufficient to note that the story grammar approach is an attempt to characterise the structure of stories by a set of rules .
for present purposes it is sufficient to note that the story grammar approach is an [try] to characterise the structure of stories by a set of rules .

If you have read chapters 6 and 7 , it can not have escaped your notice that whereas research into the recognition and comprehension of single words has centred around detailed theories which attempt to provide a comprehensive description of all aspects of single word processing , research into the comprehension of sentences and discourse is much more fragmented .
if you have read chapters 6 and 7 , it can not have escaped your notice that whereas research into the recognition and comprehension of single words has centred around detailed theories which [try] to provide a comprehensive description of all aspects of single word processing , research into the comprehension of sentences and discourse is much more fragmented .

The answer is that the earliest attempt to explain the disorder was that the brain regions for understanding and for producing speech were intact , and what was damaged was the neural pathway which conducted information between these two pathways .
the answer is that the earliest [try] to explain the disorder was that the brain regions for understanding and for producing speech were intact , and what was damaged was the neural pathway which conducted information between these two pathways .

The contrasting pattern characteristic of Wernicke 's aphasia and illustrated by the second of the patients of Funnell ( 1983 ) — whose attempt at a description of Figure 15 we also quoted earlier in this chapter — could be interpreted , in terms of Garrett 's model , as arising when there is a defect of the process which selects the required major lexical items from the lexicon .
the contrasting pattern characteristic of wernicke 's aphasia and illustrated by the second of the patients of funnell ( 1983 ) — whose [try] at a description of figure 15 we also quoted earlier in this chapter — could be interpreted , in terms of garrett 's model , as arising when there is a defect of the process which selects the required major lexical items from the lexicon .

With a natural pool it is impossible to select its position or shape and it is foolish to attempt to convert such a natural asset into an artificial formal pool .
with a natural pool it is impossible to select its position or shape and it is foolish to [try] to convert such a natural asset into an artificial formal pool .

These units should not , however , be used in an attempt to replace the natural balance between various kinds of aquatic plant , for this is the perfect answer for any pool .
these units should not , however , be used in an [try] to replace the natural balance between various kinds of aquatic plant , for this is the perfect answer for any pool .

’ He seemed at a loss for words , and Ward made no attempt to help him .
’ he seemed at a loss for words , and ward made no [try] to help him .

In some cases , an established group will attempt to increase its influence and power by making membership compulsory for all those sharing the interest .
in some cases , an established group will [try] to increase its influence and power by making membership compulsory for all those sharing the interest .

When Nixon was forced to resign from the American presidency in 1974 , his administration was embarked on an attempt to improve the responsiveness of the American bureaucracy which , while not illegal , led to cries of outrage from his liberal enemies .
when nixon was forced to resign from the american presidency in 1974 , his administration was embarked on an [try] to improve the responsiveness of the american bureaucracy which , while not illegal , led to cries of outrage from his liberal enemies .

Between 1934 and 1937 it invalidated a string of measures initiated by President Roosevelt and passed by Congress to attempt to deal with the economic depression , while between 1954 and 1963 it made a series of decisions regarding the rights of blacks far in advance of anything that could obtain strong presidential and congressional support .
between 1934 and 1937 it invalidated a string of measures initiated by president roosevelt and passed by congress to [try] to deal with the economic depression , while between 1954 and 1963 it made a series of decisions regarding the rights of blacks far in advance of anything that could obtain strong presidential and congressional support .

The greater the isolation the greater the military 's aversion to civilian ways of life is likely to be and its willingness to attempt to supplant them .
the greater the isolation the greater the military 's aversion to civilian ways of life is likely to be and its willingness to [try] to supplant them .

The Defence Chief , Dimitri Yazov , and others connected with the military-industrial complex were , not surprisingly , heavily involved in the coup attempt .
the defence chief , dimitri yazov , and others connected with the military-industrial complex were , not surprisingly , heavily involved in the coup [try] .

While this is an interesting and productive attempt to reformulate realist conceptualizations , it does not answer fundamental criticisms originating outside the realist tradition .
while this is an interesting and productive [try] to reformulate realist conceptualizations , it does not answer fundamental criticisms originating outside the realist tradition .

We need to understand the assumptions and models that inform the world-view of those , from politicians to United Nations officials , who attempt to address them .
we need to understand the assumptions and models that inform the world-view of those , from politicians to united nations officials , who [try] to address them .

The creation of the Non-Aligned Movement in 1961 represented an attempt to co-ordinate the responses of less powerful states to superpower pressure through the establishment of a ‘ third way ’ — an independent posture aligned to neither the capitalist West nor the communist East .
the creation of the non-aligned movement in 1961 represented an [try] to co-ordinate the responses of less powerful states to superpower pressure through the establishment of a ‘ third way ’ — an independent posture aligned to neither the capitalist west nor the communist east .

Fragmentation is a process involving the disintegration of existing states and the formation of new states in an attempt to produce conformity between the boundaries of peoples and territories — to create ‘ genuinely ’ national states .
fragmentation is a process involving the disintegration of existing states and the formation of new states in an [try] to produce conformity between the boundaries of peoples and territories — to create ‘ genuinely ’ national states .

These conclusions were partially based on an attempt to identify users and their needs empirically ( Jones et al .
these conclusions were partially based on an [try] to identify users and their needs empirically ( jones et al .

Accounting information does not attempt to answer such questions .
accounting information does not [try] to answer such questions .

Fund accounting is merely one more attempt by accountants to report on a complex reality more sensitively ; although this seems inevitably to be at the expense of general understandability .
fund accounting is merely one more [try] by accountants to report on a complex reality more sensitively ; although this seems inevitably to be at the expense of general understandability .

The Japanese invaders added to this a ban on the practice of all martial arts , in an attempt to suppress the Korean nationalist spirit .
the japanese invaders added to this a ban on the practice of all martial arts , in an [try] to suppress the korean nationalist spirit .

Seizing the opportunity at the right moment , he will link together a series of strikes , probably involving kicks , in an attempt to break through and score points .
seizing the opportunity at the right moment , he will link together a series of strikes , probably involving kicks , in an [try] to break through and score points .

The student should attempt to hold the stretched position of each exercise for as long as possible .
the student should [try] to hold the stretched position of each exercise for as long as possible .

When those techniques have been mastered , the student is ready to make his first serious destruction attempt .
when those techniques have been mastered , the student is ready to make his first serious destruction [try] .

Physical geography in general , and geomorphology in particular , could be in danger of developing into a science which does not even attempt understanding of such basic mechanics and principles , partly by analogy with the decline of positivism in human geography .
physical geography in general , and geomorphology in particular , could be in danger of developing into a science which does not even [try] understanding of such basic mechanics and principles , partly by analogy with the decline of positivism in human geography .

Experimental investigations embrace a range of approaches which include field plot experiments , through laboratory hardware models which attempt to use scaled-down versions of the real world , to analogue models which employ a different medium for investigation .
experimental investigations embrace a range of approaches which include field plot experiments , through laboratory hardware models which [try] to use scaled-down versions of the real world , to analogue models which employ a different medium for investigation .

Budyko then proceeded to attempt a physio-geographical zonation of the earth and his approach has subsequently been developed by systems in which energy and moisture regimes are related to vegetation types ( e.g. Grigor'yev , 1961 ) , to genetic soil types ( e.g. Gerasimov , 1961 ) and later to geomorphic zonality ( Ye Grishankov , 1973 ) . It is curious that geomorphologists have not generally explored the potentially fruitful links with energy-based climatology that are identified by Hare , who comments ( 1973 , p. 188 ) :
budyko then proceeded to [try] a physio-geographical zonation of the earth and his approach has subsequently been developed by systems in which energy and moisture regimes are related to vegetation types ( e.g. grigor'yev , 1961 ) , to genetic soil types ( e.g. gerasimov , 1961 ) and later to geomorphic zonality ( ye grishankov , 1973 ) . it is curious that geomorphologists have not generally explored the potentially fruitful links with energy-based climatology that are identified by hare , who comments ( 1973 , p. 188 ) :

In his attempt to determine whether the methods and concepts of ecology and physical geography can contribute effectively to analysis of urban issues in the context of the city as an integrated open system of living things interacting with their physical environment , Douglas ( 1981 ) argues that an attempt must be made to link the city as a habitat or an ecosystem with the city as a social system and he develops an ecosystem approach to the study of cities .
in his [try] to determine whether the methods and concepts of ecology and physical geography can contribute effectively to analysis of urban issues in the context of the city as an integrated open system of living things interacting with their physical environment , douglas ( 1981 ) argues that an [try] must be made to link the city as a habitat or an ecosystem with the city as a social system and he develops an ecosystem approach to the study of cities .

The strategy ( Huggett , 1980 ) involved four phases identified as the lexical phase which necessitates identification of system components ; the parsing phase which involves establishing relationships between system components ; the modelling phase which requires expression of relationships in the context of a model and then calibrating the model ; and the analysis phase in which there is an attempt to solve the system model and if not successful the procedure is repeated with a modified model .
the strategy ( huggett , 1980 ) involved four phases identified as the lexical phase which necessitates identification of system components ; the parsing phase which involves establishing relationships between system components ; the modelling phase which requires expression of relationships in the context of a model and then calibrating the model ; and the analysis phase in which there is an [try] to solve the system model and if not successful the procedure is repeated with a modified model .

Iris ignored the feeble attempt at humour .
iris ignored the feeble [try] at humour .

The process could be halted here or it could be linked to a more comprehensive attempt at demilitarisation .
the process could be halted here or it could be linked to a more comprehensive [try] at demilitarisation .

On 23 January 1980 Carter finally committed the United States to the security of the Persian Gulf region by proclaiming that : ‘ any attempt by any outside force to gain control of the Persian Gulf will be regarded as an assault on the vital interests of the United States of America and such an assault will be repelled by any means necessary , including military force .
on 23 january 1980 carter finally committed the united states to the security of the persian gulf region by proclaiming that : ‘ any [try] by any outside force to gain control of the persian gulf will be regarded as an assault on the vital interests of the united states of america and such an assault will be repelled by any means necessary , including military force .

In an attempt to maintain pressure on Soviet leaders Carrington explained his proposal to neutralise Afghanistan to President Ceausescu during an official visit to Romania in mid March 1980 .
in an [try] to maintain pressure on soviet leaders carrington explained his proposal to neutralise afghanistan to president ceausescu during an official visit to romania in mid march 1980 .

It is important that we bear these differences in mind when we attempt to analyse the formal nature of public sector organisations .
it is important that we bear these differences in mind when we [try] to analyse the formal nature of public sector organisations .

There are other classical studies that attempt to , understand how organisations work .
there are other classical studies that [try] to , understand how organisations work .

After the Ponting case ( 1985 ) the head of the civil service , Sir Robert Armstrong , issued a code of conduct in an attempt to guide the behaviour of officials ( Armstrong , 1985 ) .
after the ponting case ( 1985 ) the head of the civil service , sir robert armstrong , issued a code of conduct in an [try] to guide the behaviour of officials ( armstrong , 1985 ) .

To do justice to the many writings of Marx and the vast body of work that has accumulated around his writings is impossible within the confines of this book and we shall , therefore , merely attempt to discuss one or two ideas and indicate their impact upon organisations .
to do justice to the many writings of marx and the vast body of work that has accumulated around his writings is impossible within the confines of this book and we shall , therefore , merely [try] to discuss one or two ideas and indicate their impact upon organisations .

Within organisations such conflict may take the form of strikes or go-slows because of the attempt by owners and managers to control the workers .
within organisations such conflict may take the form of strikes or go-slows because of the [try] by owners and managers to control the workers .

Ultimately the attempt to undermine the power of the Prime Minister can be portrayed as an attempt to undermine the whole system of parliamentary democracy as we know it and this will not even be considered .
ultimately the [try] to undermine the power of the prime minister can be portrayed as an [try] to undermine the whole system of parliamentary democracy as we know it and this will not even be considered .

Any attempt to win better pay or conditions through industrial action is criticised by the government as selfish and , insofar as many nurses agree with this , then such prevailing beliefs are a very powerful tool in the hands of government .
any [try] to win better pay or conditions through industrial action is criticised by the government as selfish and , insofar as many nurses agree with this , then such prevailing beliefs are a very powerful tool in the hands of government .

Problems arise when we attempt to measure motivation and morale .
problems arise when we [try] to measure motivation and morale .

These theories attempt to link the value of rewards , the probability of receiving these rewards and the effort put in .
these theories [try] to link the value of rewards , the probability of receiving these rewards and the effort put in .

Control of public expenditure until the 1960s was highly fragmented and largely revolved around the consideration of annual estimates : there was little or no attempt to plan expenditure programmes for the medium or long term .
control of public expenditure until the 1960s was highly fragmented and largely revolved around the consideration of annual estimates : there was little or no [try] to plan expenditure programmes for the medium or long term .

Described by the Treasury and Civil Service Committee as ‘ the most ambitious attempt at Civil Service reform this century ’ ( 1990 , para 1 ) , it involves the creation of executive agencies to perform the administrative work of large parts of the civil service ( see Chapter 12 ) .
described by the treasury and civil service committee as ‘ the most ambitious [try] at civil service reform this century ’ ( 1990 , para 1 ) , it involves the creation of executive agencies to perform the administrative work of large parts of the civil service ( see chapter 12 ) .

because of the isolation of the various departments whilst preparing the budgets , there was little co-ordination , and little prioritisation of bids for new expenditure , and no attempt to assess the overall impact of the individual estimates of the departments .
because of the isolation of the various departments whilst preparing the budgets , there was little co-ordination , and little prioritisation of bids for new expenditure , and no [try] to assess the overall impact of the individual estimates of the departments .

However , an attempt must be made to make constructive suggestions , even if there are glaring contradictions .
however , an [try] must be made to make constructive suggestions , even if there are glaring contradictions .

It is best not to attempt to write this until the rest of the piece is fairly complete .
it is best not to [try] to write this until the rest of the piece is fairly complete .

In the above , some attempt has been made to produce well-sounding harmony , but the whole-tone system has so little conflict within itself that almost any combination of notes can sound tolerable . The worst effects are produced by :
in the above , some [try] has been made to produce well-sounding harmony , but the whole-tone system has so little conflict within itself that almost any combination of notes can sound tolerable . the worst effects are produced by :

Nevertheless , we will attempt here to outline the main principles as simply as possible , without discussing complex issues .
nevertheless , we will [try] here to outline the main principles as simply as possible , without discussing complex issues .

Together these principles attempt to establish what is distinctive about the Modular Course .
together these principles [try] to establish what is distinctive about the modular course .

If validation is the establishment that course proposals are of acceptable quality , monitoring , review and evaluation are the processes which attempt to maintain and enhance the quality of courses once they are running .
if validation is the establishment that course proposals are of acceptable quality , monitoring , review and evaluation are the processes which [try] to maintain and enhance the quality of courses once they are running .

Thus an attempt is made to harness data from course perception questionnaires to assist in the self-development of staff .
thus an [try] is made to harness data from course perception questionnaires to assist in the self-development of staff .

not to attempt to solve problems that do not exist or whose solution rests with human reorganization .
not to [try] to solve problems that do not exist or whose solution rests with human reorganization .

The pitfalls of allowing a computer to attempt these tasks stem in part from their inherent variability .
the pitfalls of allowing a computer to [try] these tasks stem in part from their inherent variability .

In India the railways never made any attempt to distinguish among the castes .
in india the railways never made any [try] to distinguish among the castes .

An alternative approach is to attempt an objective definition of problems which have a legal component by reference to a list or catalogue of types of problem .
an alternative approach is to [try] an objective definition of problems which have a legal component by reference to a list or catalogue of types of problem .

Others have not made the attempt .
others have not made the [try] .

An attempt to look at the overall picture was made by the Royal Commission on Legal Services : its recommendations were widely criticised and largely ignored .
an [try] to look at the overall picture was made by the royal commission on legal services : its recommendations were widely criticised and largely ignored .

An attempt to provide such a strategy was made by the Royal Commission on Legal Services , which reported in 1979 .
an [try] to provide such a strategy was made by the royal commission on legal services , which reported in 1979 .

If a possible action does emerge from the evidence available an attempt will be made to put a monetary valuation on the injuries suffered by the plaintiff .
if a possible action does emerge from the evidence available an [try] will be made to put a monetary valuation on the injuries suffered by the plaintiff .

The Legal Aid Board will be concerned to resist any attempt to defeat the charge .
the legal aid board will be concerned to resist any [try] to defeat the charge .

In an attempt to reduce the delay common in civil litigation , the Civil Justice Review recommended that there should be court management of litigation .
in an [try] to reduce the delay common in civil litigation , the civil justice review recommended that there should be court management of litigation .

Riven , remembering the Rime Giant 's attempt on his life in Ralarth Rorim , could not help but wonder how many more times he was to be the focus of a battle .
riven , remembering the rime giant 's [try] on his life in ralarth rorim , could not help but wonder how many more times he was to be the focus of a battle .

The women were only half-dressed and clutched rags in a pitiful attempt to cover themselves , but a grinning mercenary ripped away the scant tatters of one girl to send her sprawling nude on the cobbles .
the women were only half-dressed and clutched rags in a pitiful [try] to cover themselves , but a grinning mercenary ripped away the scant tatters of one girl to send her sprawling nude on the cobbles .

Book Marketing Ltd is preparing to reduce the cost of the licence fee for booksellers taking part in the summer National Book Sale in an attempt to encourage more active participation in the biannual event .
book marketing ltd is preparing to reduce the cost of the licence fee for booksellers taking part in the summer national book sale in an [try] to encourage more active participation in the biannual event .

Schneider discusses the attempt to provide co-ordinated care on discharge from hospital for people with mental health problems , the Government 's care programme approach .
schneider discusses the [try] to provide co-ordinated care on discharge from hospital for people with mental health problems , the government 's care programme approach .

Thus , this paper is adopting explicitly a particular position along the spectrum of views currently being expressed about comprehensive , multidisciplinary assessment of older people , and , as well as proposing a model for practice , is also an attempt to stimulate amongst professionals and managers a debate , which is now urgent , about how the development of assessment and care management systems should proceed .
thus , this paper is adopting explicitly a particular position along the spectrum of views currently being expressed about comprehensive , multidisciplinary assessment of older people , and , as well as proposing a model for practice , is also an [try] to stimulate amongst professionals and managers a debate , which is now urgent , about how the development of assessment and care management systems should proceed .

Task-centred casework was an attempt to move away from so-called ‘ traditional ’ approaches in which work with clients was unfocused and open-ended .
task-centred casework was an [try] to move away from so-called ‘ traditional ’ approaches in which work with clients was unfocused and open-ended .

Attention has been focused on the nature of the relationship which develops between the case manager and the client , as an attempt to understand which factors in the case manager and the client contribute to the development of a successful relationship and lead to better long-term outcome ( Frank and Gunderson , 1990 ; Wasylenki , 1991 ) .
attention has been focused on the nature of the relationship which develops between the case manager and the client , as an [try] to understand which factors in the case manager and the client contribute to the development of a successful relationship and lead to better long-term outcome ( frank and gunderson , 1990 ; wasylenki , 1991 ) .

As such , care programming can be seen as an attempt to standardize mental health service delivery and to set norms for the administration of care for people with a certain level of dependency .
as such , care programming can be seen as an [try] to standardize mental health service delivery and to set norms for the administration of care for people with a certain level of dependency .

Questions about outcomes for service users and consumer opinions must await longer-term research , but here we attempt to tackle these descriptive questions , using the data available in three districts in 1992 as well as documentary sources .
questions about outcomes for service users and consumer opinions must await longer-term research , but here we [try] to tackle these descriptive questions , using the data available in three districts in 1992 as well as documentary sources .

The authors ' purpose in this paper was to attempt to dissect psychiatric symptoms and cognition in schizophrenia .
the authors ' purpose in this paper was to [try] to dissect psychiatric symptoms and cognition in schizophrenia .

Future research in this field should also attempt to assess attributions before the more chronic and severe symptoms set in .
future research in this field should also [try] to assess attributions before the more chronic and severe symptoms set in .

In Lewisham an attempt at large scale multi-disciplinary intervention to rehabilitate residents of such a hostel had only been able to move on a fifth of their treatment group after a year ( Timms , 1990 ) .
in lewisham an [try] at large scale multi-disciplinary intervention to rehabilitate residents of such a hostel had only been able to move on a fifth of their treatment group after a year ( timms , 1990 ) .

It would suggest the need for assessment in a variety of settings , and that an attempt should be made to be aware of milieu bias .
it would suggest the need for assessment in a variety of settings , and that an [try] should be made to be aware of milieu bias .

The only minor disappointment is the rather short chapter on the personal social services which suffers somewhat from a rather overambitious attempt to cover too much ground ( i.e .
the only minor disappointment is the rather short chapter on the personal social services which suffers somewhat from a rather overambitious [try] to cover too much ground ( i.e .

The fact that Culpitt 's attempt to link these somewhat disparate themes is rather unsuccessful should not , however , dissuade potential readers from consulting this book , which contains a wide range of relevant and topical material which many social work practitioners will find invaluable in the current climate of ‘ managerialism ’ .
the fact that culpitt 's [try] to link these somewhat disparate themes is rather unsuccessful should not , however , dissuade potential readers from consulting this book , which contains a wide range of relevant and topical material which many social work practitioners will find invaluable in the current climate of ‘ managerialism ’ .

However , the remainder of the book loses , perhaps in its attempt to provide an overview , the sharpness of analysis which is needed to shape good practice .
however , the remainder of the book loses , perhaps in its [try] to provide an overview , the sharpness of analysis which is needed to shape good practice .

Even when distressed women attempt to control their lives , they often do not escape the stereotypes perpetuated by the assumptions implicit in unfriendly health policies .
even when distressed women [try] to control their lives , they often do not escape the stereotypes perpetuated by the assumptions implicit in unfriendly health policies .

Interviewing confused old people does take longer , and may well require more imaginative ways of gaining information than through a standard questionnaire ( see for example Willcocks ( 1984 ) ) , but surely an attempt should have been made ?
interviewing confused old people does take longer , and may well require more imaginative ways of gaining information than through a standard questionnaire ( see for example willcocks ( 1984 ) ) , but surely an [try] should have been made ?

The body of this chapter will then attempt to construct as contrasting ideal-types a ‘ discursive ’ modernist sensibility with a ‘ figural ’ and postmodernist sensibility .
the body of this chapter will then [try] to construct as contrasting ideal-types a ‘ discursive ’ modernist sensibility with a ‘ figural ’ and postmodernist sensibility .

The Wilhemine state was able to use a number of institutions of art to attempt to prevent the Secession 's promotion of an autonomous and modernist painting .
the wilhemine state was able to use a number of institutions of art to [try] to prevent the secession 's promotion of an autonomous and modernist painting .

Re-definition on such lines could without a statute be effected by the House of Lords , which alone has sufficient authority to attempt the task , and would not involve much disturbance of decided cases ; there are certainly many obiter dicta at all levels to be sacrificed , but that would be a most desirable result .
re-definition on such lines could without a statute be effected by the house of lords , which alone has sufficient authority to [try] the task , and would not involve much disturbance of decided cases ; there are certainly many obiter dicta at all levels to be sacrificed , but that would be a most desirable result .

Attempts to insert a statutory definition into the Charities Bill 1960 failed No such attempt was even made in the passage of the Charities Bill 1992 , despite the active participation in debate of Lord Renton and Lord Brightman and Lord Allen of Abbeydale .
attempts to insert a statutory definition into the charities bill 1960 failed no such [try] was even made in the passage of the charities bill 1992 , despite the active participation in debate of lord renton and lord brightman and lord allen of abbeydale .

He had been warned the night before not to attempt to go to the airport but had done so anyway .
he had been warned the night before not to [try] to go to the airport but had done so anyway .

And whether or not this advance notice had any bearing on the leak of Aviv 's confidential report to Congressman James Traficant and the media in November , the subsequent publication of its findings around the world undermined the credibility of Shaughnessy 's attempt to test the report 's conclusions to the point where no one seemed inclined to take it seriously .
and whether or not this advance notice had any bearing on the leak of aviv 's confidential report to congressman james traficant and the media in november , the subsequent publication of its findings around the world undermined the credibility of shaughnessy 's [try] to test the report 's conclusions to the point where no one seemed inclined to take it seriously .

After an unsuccessful attempt to depose his brother Hafez Assad from the presidency in 1984 , Rifat had been banished to Paris , a punishment akin to being kicked out of purgatory and forced to live in paradise .
after an unsuccessful [try] to depose his brother hafez assad from the presidency in 1984 , rifat had been banished to paris , a punishment akin to being kicked out of purgatory and forced to live in paradise .

Asked to comment on the Independent 's report that Libyan terrorists had put the bomb aboard Flight 103 by means of an unaccompanied bag sent from Malta , Aviv himself thought it was yet another attempt to distract attention from the truth .
asked to comment on the independent 's report that libyan terrorists had put the bomb aboard flight 103 by means of an unaccompanied bag sent from malta , aviv himself thought it was yet another [try] to distract attention from the truth .

This was an obvious attempt to secure his silence in return for a plea-bargain and suspended sentence on the passport charge .
this was an obvious [try] to secure his silence in return for a plea-bargain and suspended sentence on the passport charge .

Coming so soon after Reed Consumer Books ' attempt to redefine its trading terms with the major wholesalers , they were , not surprisingly , feeling under attack , though it seems the strategies of the two publishers are unrelated .
coming so soon after reed consumer books ' [try] to redefine its trading terms with the major wholesalers , they were , not surprisingly , feeling under attack , though it seems the strategies of the two publishers are unrelated .

During his lively speech Mr Giles sharply criticised publishers for the overproduction of children 's books , and poured scorn on their attempt to justify their differential treatment of book clubs and supermarkets .
during his lively speech mr giles sharply criticised publishers for the overproduction of children 's books , and poured scorn on their [try] to justify their differential treatment of book clubs and supermarkets .

Arrangements for exhibitors at the 1993 fair are being streamlined in an attempt to create the best possible climate for business .
arrangements for exhibitors at the 1993 fair are being streamlined in an [try] to create the best possible climate for business .

On a separate issue , Mr Bradley — implicitly acknowledging booksellers ' concerns about the need for a ‘ level playing field ’ in dealings between themselves and publishers — said that publishers should attempt to avoid putting booksellers ‘ into a position in which they are discriminated against by other deals ’ .
on a separate issue , mr bradley — implicitly acknowledging booksellers ' concerns about the need for a ‘ level playing field ’ in dealings between themselves and publishers — said that publishers should [try] to avoid putting booksellers ‘ into a position in which they are discriminated against by other deals ’ .

Bantam moved him from a Christmas slot to this summer place last year in an attempt to increase his sales , but this summer the horror leads appear more plentiful , making it a tougher market .
bantam moved him from a christmas slot to this summer place last year in an [try] to increase his sales , but this summer the horror leads appear more plentiful , making it a tougher market .

Paradoxically , he had once used Rain in an attempt to take his mind off Vanessa .
paradoxically , he had once used rain in an [try] to take his mind off vanessa .

The news when Rain reached the office was that Tavett was again being questioned by the police ; there were insistent rumours of a row between Maureen and Barron ; the freedom of speech people were muttering obscenities because their latest attempt at a cartoon had been rejected ; and the Patriotic Ten were casting around for a fresh mind to help them get their statement into publishable form .
the news when rain reached the office was that tavett was again being questioned by the police ; there were insistent rumours of a row between maureen and barron ; the freedom of speech people were muttering obscenities because their latest [try] at a cartoon had been rejected ; and the patriotic ten were casting around for a fresh mind to help them get their statement into publishable form .

Pascoe had now told the police what he had told her , about a fierce row with MacQuillan on Thursday and an attempt to confront him on Friday .
pascoe had now told the police what he had told her , about a fierce row with macquillan on thursday and an [try] to confront him on friday .

Maureen 's attempt to move into her father 's office and her subsequent compromise of commandeering a desk in the room outside it had been gestures of little practical effect .
maureen 's [try] to move into her father 's office and her subsequent compromise of commandeering a desk in the room outside it had been gestures of little practical effect .

But before getting into bed she emptied her bag out on it for a final attempt to work out what he had wanted , possibly taken .
but before getting into bed she emptied her bag out on it for a final [try] to work out what he had wanted , possibly taken .

The only gossip which came back to Lucien was that Amber thought him too plain in appearance to work well with Jeopardy , and considered him merely a tool that her lover was using in an attempt to provoke her .
the only gossip which came back to lucien was that amber thought him too plain in appearance to work well with jeopardy , and considered him merely a tool that her lover was using in an [try] to provoke her .

Furthermore , the Committee does not in fact know how the public perceives the ambit of the law of rape , nor did it attempt to find out .
furthermore , the committee does not in fact know how the public perceives the ambit of the law of rape , nor did it [try] to find out .

‘ … a person shall not be convicted of rape or indecent assault upon his spouse , or an attempt to commit , or assault with intent to commit rape or indecent assault upon his spouse ( except as an accessory ) unless the alleged offence consisted of , was preceded or accompanied by , or was associated with — ; ( a ) assault occasioning actual bodily harm , or threat of such an assault upon the spouse ; ( b ) an act of gross indecency , or threat of such an act , against the spouse ; ( c ) an act calculated seriously and substantially to humiliate the spouse ; or ( d ) threat of the commission of a criminal act against the person .
‘ … a person shall not be convicted of rape or indecent assault upon his spouse , or an [try] to commit , or assault with intent to commit rape or indecent assault upon his spouse ( except as an accessory ) unless the alleged offence consisted of , was preceded or accompanied by , or was associated with — ; ( a ) assault occasioning actual bodily harm , or threat of such an assault upon the spouse ; ( b ) an act of gross indecency , or threat of such an act , against the spouse ; ( c ) an act calculated seriously and substantially to humiliate the spouse ; or ( d ) threat of the commission of a criminal act against the person .

Secondly , some attempt has been made to deal with the problem of consent .
secondly , some [try] has been made to deal with the problem of consent .

The legislation makes some attempt to list circumstances in which consent will not be regarded as present , but the list is short and is not intended to be comprehensive .
the legislation makes some [try] to list circumstances in which consent will not be regarded as present , but the list is short and is not intended to be comprehensive .

But Wycliffe 's interest was far from scientific ; he reached no profound sociological conclusions ; he did not even attempt to be objective .
but wycliffe 's interest was far from scientific ; he reached no profound sociological conclusions ; he did not even [try] to be objective .

She had her borrowed screwdriver ready to attempt a little amateur lockpicking , but she did n't need it because the drawer was n't locked .
she had her borrowed screwdriver ready to [try] a little amateur lockpicking , but she did n't need it because the drawer was n't locked .

Do Not Attempt to Move this Vehicle .
do not [try] to move this vehicle .

The effect was that of an attempt at Mediterranean good taste , contrived by and for people who had no taste at all .
the effect was that of an [try] at mediterranean good taste , contrived by and for people who had no taste at all .

‘ When ? ’ Lucy said , with a sharpness that seemed to surprise both of them , and he quickly stumbled on in an attempt to limit the damage .
‘ when ? ’ lucy said , with a sharpness that seemed to surprise both of them , and he quickly stumbled on in an [try] to limit the damage .

She saw no attempt at deception , no trace of an attempt to manipulate .
she saw no [try] at deception , no trace of an [try] to manipulate .

Too many customers walk away unhappy with the ‘ solution ’ to their problem or , worse , without any real attempt on our part to resolve it .
too many customers walk away unhappy with the ‘ solution ’ to their problem or , worse , without any real [try] on our part to resolve it .

All of us will shudder with our colleagues on the receiving end of a nasty robbery attempt .
all of us will shudder with our colleagues on the receiving end of a nasty robbery [try] .

Even when the attempt fails there is little immediate comfort for those involved .
even when the [try] fails there is little immediate comfort for those involved .

‘ They ( the reforms ) have been cobbled together too quickly and with too little attention paid to genuine consultation , too little attempt to build the necessary consensus . ’
‘ they ( the reforms ) have been cobbled together too quickly and with too little attention paid to genuine consultation , too little [try] to build the necessary consensus . ’

Stuart said : ‘ As part of an attempt to resolve complaints , we are establishing a network of contact officers .
stuart said : ‘ as part of an [try] to resolve complaints , we are establishing a network of contact officers .

If the police response is not what the unit is looking for , the local manager should contact the local duty inspector to attempt to find a solution .
if the police response is not what the unit is looking for , the local manager should contact the local duty inspector to [try] to find a solution .

Ultimately however , in situations where there is a risk of physical injury to the client , staff member or to another person , there is a clear responsibility on the worker to attempt to avert it .
ultimately however , in situations where there is a risk of physical injury to the client , staff member or to another person , there is a clear responsibility on the worker to [try] to avert it .

Where the restraint necessitates holding a client down , the first recourse should be to attempt this face up , a degree of weight being applied to the shoulders .
where the restraint necessitates holding a client down , the first recourse should be to [try] this face up , a degree of weight being applied to the shoulders .

In an attempt both to gauge the extent of the problem and to help managers identify and cope with stress in themselves and others , Douglas Donnelly , Safety Officer , organised a stress awareness seminar which was presented by the Occupational Health Service .
in an [try] both to gauge the extent of the problem and to help managers identify and cope with stress in themselves and others , douglas donnelly , safety officer , organised a stress awareness seminar which was presented by the occupational health service .

In the process the essay will attempt to explain why a nationalist movement did not ascend to power earlier , and the reasons for its success when it did .
in the process the essay will [try] to explain why a nationalist movement did not ascend to power earlier , and the reasons for its success when it did .

It will also attempt to describe how the rise of a nationalist movement was viewed , and effected , by each of these two men , both historians , both with different historical perspectives .
it will also [try] to describe how the rise of a nationalist movement was viewed , and effected , by each of these two men , both historians , both with different historical perspectives .

It is worth noting the conclusions of John Goodman of Kent County Council , where a serious attempt has been made to use the provisions , recorded in ‘ Mineral Planning ’ this year :
it is worth noting the conclusions of john goodman of kent county council , where a serious [try] has been made to use the provisions , recorded in ‘ mineral planning ’ this year :

For those reasons listed in 3.3 , and others , the Government should direct local authorities to collaborate in an attempt to obtain a holistic view of processes within coastal cells .
for those reasons listed in 3.3 , and others , the government should direct local authorities to collaborate in an [try] to obtain a holistic view of processes within coastal cells .

We strongly believe that in future , planning should attempt to ‘ reconcile ’ competing demands .
we strongly believe that in future , planning should [try] to ‘ reconcile ’ competing demands .

It follows that any strategy to protect them and to ensure their future must include all these aspects , rather than attempt to protect one at the expense of others .
it follows that any strategy to protect them and to ensure their future must include all these aspects , rather than [try] to protect one at the expense of others .

If we attempt to restrict development without ensuring access for local people , the result will be to force them out .
if we [try] to restrict development without ensuring access for local people , the result will be to force them out .

Vital economic issues like infrastructure , employment , tourism , and retailing are also covered , but an attempt is made to address them within the context of sustainability .
vital economic issues like infrastructure , employment , tourism , and retailing are also covered , but an [try] is made to address them within the context of sustainability .

An attempt to reverse the decline in the extent and condition of our hedges and hedgerow trees has been launched by the Countryside Council for Wales and the Welsh Office .
an [try] to reverse the decline in the extent and condition of our hedges and hedgerow trees has been launched by the countryside council for wales and the welsh office .

My last letter was an attempt to answer some of John 's .
my last letter was an [try] to answer some of john 's .

In spite of the midsummer heat , many families choose to cook their Christmas dinner in the conventional way rather than attempt to barbecue the turkey !
in spite of the midsummer heat , many families choose to cook their christmas dinner in the conventional way rather than [try] to barbecue the turkey !

Human elements balance geometry in an attempt to reconcile ancient human values with present day notions of modernity .
human elements balance geometry in an [try] to reconcile ancient human values with present day notions of modernity .

It is possible that we have here an attempt to combine hunting and aquatic scenes ( see note 3 ) , but such a suggestion must be tentative .
it is possible that we have here an [try] to combine hunting and aquatic scenes ( see note 3 ) , but such a suggestion must be tentative .

Jill wanted to get Bill a birthday present , so she went and found her piggy-bank ; she shook it , but there was no noise ; she would have to make Bill a present This example comes from work in artificial intelligence ( Charniak , 1972 ) which is concerned with the attempt to translate the significance of ordinary utterances into an explicit representation that might be used by a computer to produce `` intelligent `` responses .
jill wanted to get bill a birthday present , so she went and found her piggy-bank ; she shook it , but there was no noise ; she would have to make bill a present this example comes from work in artificial intelligence ( charniak , 1972 ) which is concerned with the [try] to translate the significance of ordinary utterances into an explicit representation that might be used by a computer to produce `` intelligent `` responses .

So suppose we attempt , for example , to phrase accounts of the pragmatic notion of presupposition in terms of appropriateness conditions , we shall find that they wrongly predict conditions of usage .
so suppose we [try] , for example , to phrase accounts of the pragmatic notion of presupposition in terms of appropriateness conditions , we shall find that they wrongly predict conditions of usage .

At this point , we might step back and attempt some conceptual clarification from other angles .
at this point , we might step back and [try] some conceptual clarification from other angles .

Another angle from which we might attempt conceptual clarification of the issues is to ask : what are the goals of a pragmatic theory ?
another angle from which we might [try] conceptual clarification of the issues is to ask : what are the goals of a pragmatic theory ?

For example , no attempt has been made to deal with the distinctions between gestural , non-gestural , and the various non-deictic usages of deictic words .
for example , no [try] has been made to deal with the distinctions between gestural , non-gestural , and the various non-deictic usages of deictic words .

, The Scottish Lands Tribunal recently awarded £560,000 to ScotRail chairman John Cameron , who was prevented from planting Glen Lochay , the last forest-free glen in Perthshire , with conifers , An attempt by the Crown Estate to buy 77,000 acres of Scottish wilderness containing the four highest mountains in Britain and several endangered species has failed .
, the scottish lands tribunal recently awarded £560,000 to scotrail chairman john cameron , who was prevented from planting glen lochay , the last forest-free glen in perthshire , with conifers , an [try] by the crown estate to buy 77,000 acres of scottish wilderness containing the four highest mountains in britain and several endangered species has failed .

Some CFCs are already controlled by the Montreal Protocol in an attempt to halt damage caused by the chemicals to the earth 's ozone layer .
some cfcs are already controlled by the montreal protocol in an [try] to halt damage caused by the chemicals to the earth 's ozone layer .

We will not attempt this analysis here but instead will offer an intuitive ( and practical ) argument for why this should be so .
we will not [try] this analysis here but instead will offer an intuitive ( and practical ) argument for why this should be so .

It is likely that the move will also be interpreted as an attempt by the nuclear industry to renew its fading influence .
it is likely that the move will also be interpreted as an [try] by the nuclear industry to renew its fading influence .

Scientists confirmed that the addition of chlorine was unlikely to protect against any serious attempt to interfere with the water supply .
scientists confirmed that the addition of chlorine was unlikely to protect against any serious [try] to interfere with the water supply .

from nets North sea cod are becoming smaller in an evolutionary attempt to beat fisherman 's nets , according to a study conducted at York University .
from nets north sea cod are becoming smaller in an evolutionary [try] to beat fisherman 's nets , according to a study conducted at york university .

In an attempt to collect contaminated water , Greenaways dug a ditch around the dump enabling water to be removed by road tanker .
in an [try] to collect contaminated water , greenaways dug a ditch around the dump enabling water to be removed by road tanker .

Police refused to intervene as protesters attempted to drive their cars to the point on the Atlantic coast where conservationists yearly attempt to count the birds before the hunters move in for the kill .
police refused to intervene as protesters attempted to drive their cars to the point on the atlantic coast where conservationists yearly [try] to count the birds before the hunters move in for the kill .

Although these objects are Celtic in design , they were given a distinctive Scottish style — perhaps as a deliberate attempt to retain an identity in the face of the Roman threat .
although these objects are celtic in design , they were given a distinctive scottish style — perhaps as a deliberate [try] to retain an identity in the face of the roman threat .

Germany , France and Belgium are proposing to dye unleaded petrol green in an attempt to overcome a tax dodge by garages .
germany , france and belgium are proposing to dye unleaded petrol green in an [try] to overcome a tax dodge by garages .

Others suggest it represents a cynical attempt by politically-ailing premier Brian Mulroney to regain popularity ahead of the 1993 elections .
others suggest it represents a cynical [try] by politically-ailing premier brian mulroney to regain popularity ahead of the 1993 elections .

The main objective of the arrangement is to attempt to avoid any contract ( particularly between the merchant bank and an accepting shareholder ) for the transfer of chargeable securities ( eg shares , an interest in shares or any right to an allotment of shares ) .
the main objective of the arrangement is to [try] to avoid any contract ( particularly between the merchant bank and an accepting shareholder ) for the transfer of chargeable securities ( eg shares , an interest in shares or any right to an allotment of shares ) .

The tenant should therefore initially attempt to delete clause 5.2.2 , but if this is not accepted a sufficiently long date should be inserted in it .
the tenant should therefore initially [try] to delete clause 5.2.2 , but if this is not accepted a sufficiently long date should be inserted in it .

17.1 This agreement embodies the entire understanding of the parties save as augmented by any side letter [ s ] [ or other agreement[s] ] exchanged contemporaneously with this agreement and signed by the parties hereto or by their duly authorised agents which side letter [ s ] [ or agreement[s] ] shall take effect either as a collateral agreement to this agreement or if it [ they ] shall be incorporated by express reference all the terms and conditions of such side letter [ s ] [ or other agreement [ s ] ] shall be treated as being a single composite agreement with this agreement and subject thereto there are no other arrangements between the parties relating to the subject matter of this agreement It may be advisable to include an arbitration provision , either to deal with any particular point in the agreement or to attempt to resolve disputes in general . If this is thought advisable , the following additional clause could be added :
17.1 this agreement embodies the entire understanding of the parties save as augmented by any side letter [ s ] [ or other agreement[s] ] exchanged contemporaneously with this agreement and signed by the parties hereto or by their duly authorised agents which side letter [ s ] [ or agreement[s] ] shall take effect either as a collateral agreement to this agreement or if it [ they ] shall be incorporated by express reference all the terms and conditions of such side letter [ s ] [ or other agreement [ s ] ] shall be treated as being a single composite agreement with this agreement and subject thereto there are no other arrangements between the parties relating to the subject matter of this agreement it may be advisable to include an arbitration provision , either to deal with any particular point in the agreement or to [try] to resolve disputes in general . if this is thought advisable , the following additional clause could be added :

Some interest provisions attempt to insert a minimum rate , which should be avoided by both the landlord and the tenant .
some interest provisions [try] to insert a minimum rate , which should be avoided by both the landlord and the tenant .

Leases quite often attempt to restrict the opening hours of premises , not only in respect of shops but also offices .
leases quite often [try] to restrict the opening hours of premises , not only in respect of shops but also offices .

Quite often the landlord will attempt to avoid this provision applying to itself and this should be resisted .
quite often the landlord will [try] to avoid this provision applying to itself and this should be resisted .

It is suggested that the tenant should in fact attempt to delete this clause on the ground that the landlord is already protected by the other covenants contained in the lease and can take such action as may be necessary either for breach of contract or in tort .
it is suggested that the tenant should in fact [try] to delete this clause on the ground that the landlord is already protected by the other covenants contained in the lease and can take such action as may be necessary either for breach of contract or in tort .

Although possibly more relevant in connection with reinstatement the tenant should attempt to place some limitation on the persons who could void the policy .
although possibly more relevant in connection with reinstatement the tenant should [try] to place some limitation on the persons who could void the policy .

9.5 Effect of waiver Each of the Tenant 's covenants shall remain in full force both at law and in equity notwithstanding that the Landlord shall have waived or released temporarily any such covenant or waived or released temporarily or permanently revocably or irrevocably a similar covenant or similar covenants affecting any other part of the Centre or the Adjoining Property This provision is an attempt to circumvent the rather harsh law of waiver , by which a landlord will lose its right to forfeit the lease where a non-continuing breach has occurred if the landlord does some act to suggest that the landlord is nevertheless satisfied to continue the tenancy , eg by accepting rent from the tenant .
9.5 effect of waiver each of the tenant 's covenants shall remain in full force both at law and in equity notwithstanding that the landlord shall have waived or released temporarily any such covenant or waived or released temporarily or permanently revocably or irrevocably a similar covenant or similar covenants affecting any other part of the centre or the adjoining property this provision is an [try] to circumvent the rather harsh law of waiver , by which a landlord will lose its right to forfeit the lease where a non-continuing breach has occurred if the landlord does some act to suggest that the landlord is nevertheless satisfied to continue the tenancy , eg by accepting rent from the tenant .

9.13 Tenant 's property If after the Tenant has vacated the Premises on the expiry of the Term any property of the Tenant remains in or on the Premises and the Tenant fails to remove it within [ 7 ] days after being requested in writing by the Landlord to do so or if after using [ its ] best endeavours the Landlord is unable to make such a request to the Tenant within [ 14 ] days from the first attempt so made by the Landlord :
9.13 tenant 's property if after the tenant has vacated the premises on the expiry of the term any property of the tenant remains in or on the premises and the tenant fails to remove it within [ 7 ] days after being requested in writing by the landlord to do so or if after using [ its ] best endeavours the landlord is unable to make such a request to the tenant within [ 14 ] days from the first [try] so made by the landlord :

This will be relevant both in relation to the client 's potential liability for breach of contract , and the need to limit such liability , and in relation to any attempt to provide the client with security by such means as a retention of title clause .
this will be relevant both in relation to the client 's potential liability for breach of contract , and the need to limit such liability , and in relation to any [try] to provide the client with security by such means as a retention of title clause .

Above all , the drafter should attempt to minimise the scope for dispute about the meaning or effect of the terms .
above all , the drafter should [try] to minimise the scope for dispute about the meaning or effect of the terms .

This is generally coupled with an `` our terms only `` clause in an attempt to ensure that all the business 's contracts are governed by its own terms without any addition or variation .
this is generally coupled with an `` our terms only `` clause in an [try] to ensure that all the business 's contracts are governed by its own terms without any addition or variation .

However , the prospect of terms passing backwards and forwards ad infinitum is unrealistic ; a sensible course would be for the business to decide that once a certain stage is reached , it will attempt to negotiate a compromise , for instance , a seller might decide to negotiate with customers who `` reject `` terms in a delivery note .
however , the prospect of terms passing backwards and forwards ad infinitum is unrealistic ; a sensible course would be for the business to decide that once a certain stage is reached , it will [try] to negotiate a compromise , for instance , a seller might decide to negotiate with customers who `` reject `` terms in a delivery note .

It may be argued that a binding contract was made on the telephone ; if so , any subsequent attempt to introduce new terms into the agreement will be ineffective unless there is a binding variation of the contract , supported by consideration .
it may be argued that a binding contract was made on the telephone ; if so , any subsequent [try] to introduce new terms into the agreement will be ineffective unless there is a binding variation of the contract , supported by consideration .

After the terrible night when Lok and Fa have dared to cross to the island in an attempt to rescue the abducted children , Lok 's feelings are described : `` there was stuffed inside the bones of his head the white flock of the autumn creepers , their seeds were in his nose , making him yawn and sneeze `` ( p. 134 ) .
after the terrible night when lok and fa have dared to cross to the island in an [try] to rescue the abducted children , lok 's feelings are described : `` there was stuffed inside the bones of his head the white flock of the autumn creepers , their seeds were in his nose , making him yawn and sneeze `` ( p. 134 ) .

In the opening sections , an attempt to define deixis is made and a methodology for analysis for texts in general is proposed .
in the opening sections , an [try] to define deixis is made and a methodology for analysis for texts in general is proposed .

An attempt to avoid liability on the part of the seller for any representations given by him/her or on his/her behalf save for replies to enquiries given by the seller 's conveyancer and stating that the buyer proceeds entirely on the basis of the buyer 's own survey and inspection .
an [try] to avoid liability on the part of the seller for any representations given by him/her or on his/her behalf save for replies to enquiries given by the seller 's conveyancer and stating that the buyer proceeds entirely on the basis of the buyer 's own survey and inspection .

Neither the certificate , nor any of the enclosures sewn into it , may be altered , other than by the Land Registry , and indeed it is an offence to attempt to do so .
neither the certificate , nor any of the enclosures sewn into it , may be altered , other than by the land registry , and indeed it is an offence to [try] to do so .

Englishing `` involves the attempt to represent in English the content of a source poem , with a possible equivalence of some salient stylisitic features , but at the same time to relocate the work in the environment of English ( or Anglo-American ) culture and poetic tradition , with the intention , perhaps , of creating something at once old and quite new , faithful to the past yet relevant to the present .
englishing `` involves the [try] to represent in english the content of a source poem , with a possible equivalence of some salient stylisitic features , but at the same time to relocate the work in the environment of english ( or anglo-american ) culture and poetic tradition , with the intention , perhaps , of creating something at once old and quite new , faithful to the past yet relevant to the present .

The hero Theseus went down into the underworld to support his friend Pirithous in an attempt to carry off Proserpine , Queen of Hades .
the hero theseus went down into the underworld to support his friend pirithous in an [try] to carry off proserpine , queen of hades .

This is certainly a difficult poem for any translator to attempt — but then there is no Horatian lyric that could be called `` easy `` ; there are besetting problems , concerning metre and form , concerning word order , concerning a lexicon in which patent meanings are shadowed by possibilities of other meanings , concerning the importance of allusion , and above all the Horatian craft that mingles these elements interdependently , in patterns that persist or shift from strophe to strophe .
this is certainly a difficult poem for any translator to [try] — but then there is no horatian lyric that could be called `` easy `` ; there are besetting problems , concerning metre and form , concerning word order , concerning a lexicon in which patent meanings are shadowed by possibilities of other meanings , concerning the importance of allusion , and above all the horatian craft that mingles these elements interdependently , in patterns that persist or shift from strophe to strophe .

Therefore , there seem to be two bases on which a contractual term can be attacked even though it does not attempt to restrain a party after the contractual period had ended .
therefore , there seem to be two bases on which a contractual term can be attacked even though it does not [try] to restrain a party after the contractual period had ended .

An attempt to conduct a mock auction is proscribed under s1 ( 1 ) of the Mock Auctions Act 1961 .
an [try] to conduct a mock auction is proscribed under s1 ( 1 ) of the mock auctions act 1961 .

Obviously , if the contract goods are unascertained , an attempt to exclude all undertakings as to description would destroy the certainty of subject matter in the contract .
obviously , if the contract goods are unascertained , an [try] to exclude all undertakings as to description would destroy the certainty of subject matter in the contract .

Anderson attempts to abnegate personal responsibility by assuming the role of tutor , treating his own behaviour as if it were an ethical test case , and invoking more complex philosophical arguments to support his position : His uncertainty , however , undermines his attempt to fob off Hollar with philosophical justifications .
anderson attempts to abnegate personal responsibility by assuming the role of tutor , treating his own behaviour as if it were an ethical test case , and invoking more complex philosophical arguments to support his position : his uncertainty , however , undermines his [try] to fob off hollar with philosophical justifications .

Fiduciaries attempt to resolve conflicts of interest and duty or conflicts between two duties by a variety of self-help methods .
fiduciaries [try] to resolve conflicts of interest and duty or conflicts between two duties by a variety of self-help methods .

Any attempt to define a futures contract is likely to be unsatisfactory in some respect .
any [try] to define a futures contract is likely to be unsatisfactory in some respect .

Tell the plaintiff that the doctor will be keen to detect signs of malingering and that no attempt to exaggerate the plaintiff 's symptoms should be made .
tell the plaintiff that the doctor will be keen to detect signs of malingering and that no [try] to exaggerate the plaintiff 's symptoms should be made .

The attempt to keep out evil doctrine by licensing is like the exploit of that gallant man who thought to keep out the crows by shutting his park gate … Lord and Commons of England , consider what nation it is whereof ye are : a nation not slow and dull , but of a quick , ingenious and piercing spirit .
the [try] to keep out evil doctrine by licensing is like the exploit of that gallant man who thought to keep out the crows by shutting his park gate … lord and commons of england , consider what nation it is whereof ye are : a nation not slow and dull , but of a quick , ingenious and piercing spirit .

The attempt to demonstrate how a close linguistic analysis can explain a text 's meaning and effect only partially succeeds in this case , since the thoroughness and precision of the description are undermined by a failure to discriminate between features of different significance within the poem , and by a general neglect of the socio-cultural context in which the text is embedded .
the [try] to demonstrate how a close linguistic analysis can explain a text 's meaning and effect only partially succeeds in this case , since the thoroughness and precision of the description are undermined by a failure to discriminate between features of different significance within the poem , and by a general neglect of the socio-cultural context in which the text is embedded .

The merit of the book , however , does not so much lie in its attempt to break the `` iron curtain `` that traditionally separates linguistic and literary approaches to literature , but rather in its contribution to the development of a stylistics that successfully reconciles linguistic analysis with a consideration of the socio-cultural and ideological dimensions of the production and reception of literary texts .
the merit of the book , however , does not so much lie in its [try] to break the `` iron curtain `` that traditionally separates linguistic and literary approaches to literature , but rather in its contribution to the development of a stylistics that successfully reconciles linguistic analysis with a consideration of the socio-cultural and ideological dimensions of the production and reception of literary texts .

His liquid ebony eyes told her it was a pointless question — just as it was pointless to make any attempt at civility .
his liquid ebony eyes told her it was a pointless question — just as it was pointless to make any [try] at civility .

Despite his apparent desire , matching the sudden irrational flaring of her own treacherous libido , he still suspected her of having designs on the family fortune , and she would n't be at all surprised to discover that his attempt to kiss her just now had been a sort of test .
despite his apparent desire , matching the sudden irrational flaring of her own treacherous libido , he still suspected her of having designs on the family fortune , and she would n't be at all surprised to discover that his [try] to kiss her just now had been a sort of test .

His examination had been a deliberate attempt to humiliate her , and with an audible cry she began to scrub herself all over until she had covered every inch of her body with soap .
his examination had been a deliberate [try] to humiliate her , and with an audible cry she began to scrub herself all over until she had covered every inch of her body with soap .

Was he being charitable for once , or was it another attempt to get her out of Peter 's life ?
was he being charitable for once , or was it another [try] to get her out of peter 's life ?

As she replaced the receiver after the last attempt she remembered Marc 's suggestion two days ago .
as she replaced the receiver after the last [try] she remembered marc 's suggestion two days ago .

If you attempt to calculate the square root of a negative number , a `` -ve root `` error will occur .
if you [try] to calculate the square root of a negative number , a `` -ve root `` error will occur .

If the specified width is zero ( the initial value ) the interpreter will not attempt to control the overall field width .
if the specified width is zero ( the initial value ) the interpreter will not [try] to control the overall field width .

If you attempt to rename an open file , an " In use " error will be reported .
if you [try] to rename an open file , an " in use " error will be reported .

If you attempt to read beyond the current end of the file , you will get an " End of file " error .
if you [try] to read beyond the current end of the file , you will get an " end of file " error .

We believe that no one should be found guilty of a crime unless the statute or other piece of legislation establishing that crime is so clear that he must have known his act was criminal , or would have known if he had made any serious attempt to discover whether it was .
we believe that no one should be found guilty of a crime unless the statute or other piece of legislation establishing that crime is so clear that he must have known his act was criminal , or would have known if he had made any serious [try] to discover whether it was .

This is a bold attempt to unite pragmatism and conventionalism .
this is a bold [try] to unite pragmatism and conventionalism .

In one blinding flash then , she had realised how much she had actually given up for Paul in a futile attempt to avert his jealous outbursts — friends , family , social life , even smiling … And the irony was that he had been shocked when she had handed him back his ring .
in one blinding flash then , she had realised how much she had actually given up for paul in a futile [try] to avert his jealous outbursts — friends , family , social life , even smiling … and the irony was that he had been shocked when she had handed him back his ring .

If he was aware of her deliberate attempt to change the subject , Jim gave no sign of it .
if he was aware of her deliberate [try] to change the subject , jim gave no sign of it .

Lindsey swallowed hard in an attempt to clear her throat of its sudden restriction .
lindsey swallowed hard in an [try] to clear her throat of its sudden restriction .

Smiling , she turned away , concentrating her gaze on the notes she was writing in an attempt to distance herself .
smiling , she turned away , concentrating her gaze on the notes she was writing in an [try] to distance herself .

’ He made no attempt to release her .
’ he made no [try] to release her .

In an attempt to find the causes for their disappointment many who would normally have been content with everyday party politics turned to more radical solutions .
in an [try] to find the causes for their disappointment many who would normally have been content with everyday party politics turned to more radical solutions .

The `` Anomalies Act `` passed in July 1931 was the first major attempt to reduce such expenditure .
the `` anomalies act `` passed in july 1931 was the first major [try] to reduce such expenditure .

It was necessary to resist the Labour Party 's discipline and to attack its structure and policy , rather than to attempt to become Part of it .
it was necessary to resist the labour party 's discipline and to attack its structure and policy , rather than to [try] to become part of it .

This was the `` United Front from Below `` ; the attempt to separate Labour Party members from their leaders and eventually to recruit them into the Communist Party .
this was the `` united front from below `` ; the [try] to separate labour party members from their leaders and eventually to recruit them into the communist party .

This was the `` United Front from Below `` in its purest form , an organized attempt to replace the official sections of the Labour movement by bodies under Communist domination .
this was the `` united front from below `` in its purest form , an organized [try] to replace the official sections of the labour movement by bodies under communist domination .

In October 1936 the `` battle of Cable Street `` broke out to prevent an attempt by the Fascists to march through Stepney .
in october 1936 the `` battle of cable street `` broke out to prevent an [try] by the fascists to march through stepney .

Although the `` Peace Ballot `` was ostensibly an investigation , it was regarded by its opponents and by many of its supporters as an attempt to bring pressure to bear upon the government .
although the `` peace ballot `` was ostensibly an investigation , it was regarded by its opponents and by many of its supporters as an [try] to bring pressure to bear upon the government .

The contradictions and misunderstandings which were later to centre around the objects of the Popular Front were , in the main , the product of this attempt to reconcile the defence of parliamentary democracy with the advocacy of eventual revolution .
the contradictions and misunderstandings which were later to centre around the objects of the popular front were , in the main , the product of this [try] to reconcile the defence of parliamentary democracy with the advocacy of eventual revolution .

The attempt of the Communist Party to implement Comintern decisions naturally gave rise to the most widely publicized of the movements for some kind of co-operation on the Left .
the [try] of the communist party to implement comintern decisions naturally gave rise to the most widely publicized of the movements for some kind of co-operation on the left .

Early in 1938 several Trotskyist groups came together in an attempt to form a unified British section of the Fourth International .
early in 1938 several trotskyist groups came together in an [try] to form a unified british section of the fourth international .

suggesting that it was a Communist-inspired attempt to reach agreement with the Liberals .
suggesting that it was a communist-inspired [try] to reach agreement with the liberals .

In October 1938 , a second attempt was made to secure a united opposition to a National candidate , this time with more success than at Aylesbury .
in october 1938 , a second [try] was made to secure a united opposition to a national candidate , this time with more success than at aylesbury .

Guido returned from another phone call attempt just after eight , looking doleful .
guido returned from another phone call [try] just after eight , looking doleful .

The basic tool is likely to be a report to a headteacher or to a school committee and this chapter will attempt to suggest possible approaches to writing such a report , the prerequisites for the compilation of the report , who should write the report and the possible content of such a report .
the basic tool is likely to be a report to a headteacher or to a school committee and this chapter will [try] to suggest possible approaches to writing such a report , the prerequisites for the compilation of the report , who should write the report and the possible content of such a report .

Although there will always be enthusiastic individuals who will teach themselves how to use a microcomputer , any concerted and coordinated attempt to develop effective use of the microcomputer in school libraries will depend heavily on an effective in-service training programme .
although there will always be enthusiastic individuals who will teach themselves how to use a microcomputer , any concerted and coordinated [try] to develop effective use of the microcomputer in school libraries will depend heavily on an effective in-service training programme .

Factories were also started , primarily to meet military requirements ; but while export crops , especially cotton , were to expand unchecked , competition from European manufacturers , permitted under the Ottoman capitulations , was to undermine this nascent attempt at industrialisation .
factories were also started , primarily to meet military requirements ; but while export crops , especially cotton , were to expand unchecked , competition from european manufacturers , permitted under the ottoman capitulations , was to undermine this nascent [try] at industrialisation .

It was not until Ismail became Sultan in 1863 ( soon changed to Khedive ) that there was another major drive towards modernisation , including an attempt to make Cairo the Paris of the East .
it was not until ismail became sultan in 1863 ( soon changed to khedive ) that there was another major drive towards modernisation , including an [try] to make cairo the paris of the east .

In a desperate attempt to meet Egyptian demands and British interest , Britain 's new High Commissioner , Lord Allenby , announced in 1922 the ending of the Protectorate and the `` independence `` of Egypt .
in a desperate [try] to meet egyptian demands and british interest , britain 's new high commissioner , lord allenby , announced in 1922 the ending of the protectorate and the `` independence `` of egypt .

One could attempt to limit the `` period of difficulty `` to the two years by having a declaration of solvency ( if applicable ) sworn by the husband at the same time as he makes the conveyance ( see Chapter 10 , Precedent 81 ) and hope that that is acceptable to a prospective purchaser from the wife between the expiry of the two years and five year period .
one could [try] to limit the `` period of difficulty `` to the two years by having a declaration of solvency ( if applicable ) sworn by the husband at the same time as he makes the conveyance ( see chapter 10 , precedent 81 ) and hope that that is acceptable to a prospective purchaser from the wife between the expiry of the two years and five year period .

Fran tried to step past him , but he just stood where he was , making no attempt to get out of her way while he continued to study her in a way that made her suddenly self-conscious .
fran tried to step past him , but he just stood where he was , making no [try] to get out of her way while he continued to study her in a way that made her suddenly self-conscious .

Like hell she would ! Gritting her teeth against the acid flow of retorts , Fran hurried on , quickening her pace almost to a run in an attempt to get away , but he just drove along beside her .
like hell she would ! gritting her teeth against the acid flow of retorts , fran hurried on , quickening her pace almost to a run in an [try] to get away , but he just drove along beside her .

When he slowly drew her to him she made no attempt to struggle , held by the soft beauty of that one word and the warm security of his hands at her waist .
when he slowly drew her to him she made no [try] to struggle , held by the soft beauty of that one word and the warm security of his hands at her waist .

She went to move past him into the room , but was forced to stop when he made no attempt to step aside .
she went to move past him into the room , but was forced to stop when he made no [try] to step aside .

‘ What ? ’ she snapped , too strung up to even attempt to pretend politeness .
‘ what ? ’ she snapped , too strung up to even [try] to pretend politeness .

There was a touch of desperation in her reply which she knew he heard , but surprisingly he made no attempt to mock her , or force her into giving him any more reasons .
there was a touch of desperation in her reply which she knew he heard , but surprisingly he made no [try] to mock her , or force her into giving him any more reasons .

Ross made no attempt to touch her , other than to gently place his hand occasionally on her elbow as they walked around the house and garden .
ross made no [try] to touch her , other than to gently place his hand occasionally on her elbow as they walked around the house and garden .

‘ Oh , no , Ross — this is a terrible mistake ! ’ she cried in a desperate attempt to cling on to some form of sanity , wriggling violently to try and escape his embrace as he almost ran up the steps and entered the cottage .
‘ oh , no , ross — this is a terrible mistake ! ’ she cried in a desperate [try] to cling on to some form of sanity , wriggling violently to try and escape his embrace as he almost ran up the steps and entered the cottage .

It would have been far better to have at least made the attempt — even if it might have ended in disaster — than be left with such intense regrets and nostalgia for what might have been .
it would have been far better to have at least made the [try] — even if it might have ended in disaster — than be left with such intense regrets and nostalgia for what might have been .

Often she had wondered if she would have been quite so successful if she had n't thrown herself so totally into her work in a desperate attempt to mend her broken heart .
often she had wondered if she would have been quite so successful if she had n't thrown herself so totally into her work in a desperate [try] to mend her broken heart .

But still he made no attempt to move .
but still he made no [try] to move .

In a desperate attempt to concentrate , and ignore David who had followed her , she turned her attention to the burly shop-floor worker who awaited her .
in a desperate [try] to concentrate , and ignore david who had followed her , she turned her attention to the burly shop-floor worker who awaited her .

But even then , when she was standing upright beside him , he made no attempt to release her hand and Rachel was only too aware of his appraising glance as he glanced down at the wet jade swimsuit tightly moulded to her slight , almost boyish figure before abruptly she snatched her hand away and walked quickly to the changing-rooms .
but even then , when she was standing upright beside him , he made no [try] to release her hand and rachel was only too aware of his appraising glance as he glanced down at the wet jade swimsuit tightly moulded to her slight , almost boyish figure before abruptly she snatched her hand away and walked quickly to the changing-rooms .

’ she asked in a desperate attempt to steer the conversation away from herself .
’ she asked in a desperate [try] to steer the conversation away from herself .

She parked outside the high brick wall rather than driving on to the forecourt , and as if he sensed her reluctance to enter the house again he did n't attempt to invite her inside — but neither did he make any attempt to get out of the car , and they sat in silence in the light from an overhead street-lamp .
she parked outside the high brick wall rather than driving on to the forecourt , and as if he sensed her reluctance to enter the house again he did n't [try] to invite her inside — but neither did he make any [try] to get out of the car , and they sat in silence in the light from an overhead street-lamp .

‘ Are you coming ? ’ she asked , and when he still made no attempt to get up she said , ‘ What is it , why are you staring at me ? ’
‘ are you coming ? ’ she asked , and when he still made no [try] to get up she said , ‘ what is it , why are you staring at me ? ’

To add to the difficulties , pleasure flights were still in progress and , while it had been relatively easy to prevent any more from taking off after hearing of the emergency situation , it had also been necessary to radio to others to stay in the air and not attempt to land until the crisis was over .
to add to the difficulties , pleasure flights were still in progress and , while it had been relatively easy to prevent any more from taking off after hearing of the emergency situation , it had also been necessary to radio to others to stay in the air and not [try] to land until the crisis was over .

The control tower confirmed that the pilot was going to attempt to land and that the aircraft 's undercarriage was indeed jammed .
the control tower confirmed that the pilot was going to [try] to land and that the aircraft 's undercarriage was indeed jammed .

The fire officer took command , organising the immediate covering of the aircraft with foam in an attempt to prevent it bursting into flames .
the fire officer took command , organising the immediate covering of the aircraft with foam in an [try] to prevent it bursting into flames .

Then , against the advice of all , he embarks upon a final desperate attempt , which he later describes as the worst mistake he ever made .
then , against the advice of all , he embarks upon a final desperate [try] , which he later describes as the worst mistake he ever made .

At this point it is sufficient to state that the estimates are based on high quality data supplied by The Scotch Whisky Association 's nine largest companies and they provide the first published attempt to quantify the wider economic significance of this important industry .
at this point it is sufficient to state that the estimates are based on high quality data supplied by the scotch whisky association 's nine largest companies and they provide the first published [try] to quantify the wider economic significance of this important industry .

hughesy is renowned as a ‘ hard man ’ although this appears to be a one way thing — he does nt mind dishing it out but if anyone comes within a foot of him he crashes to the turf , usually clutching his face and rolling around frantically in an attempt to get a fellow professional booked/sent off .
hughesy is renowned as a ‘ hard man ’ although this appears to be a one way thing — he does nt mind dishing it out but if anyone comes within a foot of him he crashes to the turf , usually clutching his face and rolling around frantically in an [try] to get a fellow professional booked/sent off .

Dobry 's scheme was an heroic attempt to improve the planning control system to everyone 's satisfaction .
dobry 's scheme was an heroic [try] to improve the planning control system to everyone 's satisfaction .

The circular also stated that planning authorities should not attempt to compel developers to adopt designs which were unpopular with customers or clients ‘ and they should n't attempt to control such details as shapes of windows or doors or the colour of bricks ’ .
the circular also stated that planning authorities should not [try] to compel developers to adopt designs which were unpopular with customers or clients ‘ and they should n't [try] to control such details as shapes of windows or doors or the colour of bricks ’ .

In making provision for open space and in considering the location of houses on plots and their relationship to each other local planning authorities should not attempt to prescribe rigid formulae .
in making provision for open space and in considering the location of houses on plots and their relationship to each other local planning authorities should not [try] to prescribe rigid formulae .

Hence the attempt to ‘ hold the scales evenly between those who were allowed to develop their land and those who were not ’ was abandoned , but the use of 1947 development values as a ‘ permanent basis for compensation ’ safeguarded the public purse .
hence the [try] to ‘ hold the scales evenly between those who were allowed to develop their land and those who were not ’ was abandoned , but the use of 1947 development values as a ‘ permanent basis for compensation ’ safeguarded the public purse .

The same applied to the acquisition of land by local authorities : since they had to meet the cost of compensation there was a danger that they would attempt to avoid sites having an admitted claim under the 1947 Act .
the same applied to the acquisition of land by local authorities : since they had to meet the cost of compensation there was a danger that they would [try] to avoid sites having an admitted claim under the 1947 act .

The land availability studies are an attempt to do precisely this .
the land availability studies are an [try] to do precisely this .

Planning may be an attempt to reconcile the irreconcilable but green belt is one of the most successful all-purpose tools invented with which to try .
planning may be an [try] to reconcile the irreconcilable but green belt is one of the most successful all-purpose tools invented with which to try .

‘ And some serious attempt at convincing performances with Aschmann .
‘ and some serious [try] at convincing performances with aschmann .

On stage there was a professional if uninspired attempt at singing together .
on stage there was a professional if uninspired [try] at singing together .

He had centre front stage , his voice projected forward over Therese 's , and he ceased to make any attempt to act out the plotted movements with her .
he had centre front stage , his voice projected forward over therese 's , and he ceased to make any [try] to act out the plotted movements with her .

However , Hirsch and Leff 's attempt to replicate this study , also reported in their book ( 1975 ) , failed to find the same degree of gross communication disorder as that claimed by Singer and Wynne .
however , hirsch and leff 's [try] to replicate this study , also reported in their book ( 1975 ) , failed to find the same degree of gross communication disorder as that claimed by singer and wynne .

The following does not attempt to be a comprehensive review of the aetiology of childhood disorder , but to reveal some of the important factors which will have to be considered in conceptualising prevention through intervention with children .
the following does not [try] to be a comprehensive review of the aetiology of childhood disorder , but to reveal some of the important factors which will have to be considered in conceptualising prevention through intervention with children .

During interviews with more than 2,000 adults in Chicago they attempted to identify the conflicts , frustrations and other role strains encountered by parents , married couples , workers and breadwinners , the coping behaviours used to attempt to minimise their impact , and any current symptoms of depression and anxiety .
during interviews with more than 2,000 adults in chicago they attempted to identify the conflicts , frustrations and other role strains encountered by parents , married couples , workers and breadwinners , the coping behaviours used to [try] to minimise their impact , and any current symptoms of depression and anxiety .

The Stillbirth and Neonatal Death Society in Britain , for instance , has produced an information package for hospitals to attempt both to encourage a more sensitive approach by hospital staff to the management of stillbirth cases ( such as in disposing of the body ) and to increase the chance that families will rapidly be put in touch with their organisation .
the stillbirth and neonatal death society in britain , for instance , has produced an information package for hospitals to [try] both to encourage a more sensitive approach by hospital staff to the management of stillbirth cases ( such as in disposing of the body ) and to increase the chance that families will rapidly be put in touch with their organisation .

The word ‘ model ’ implies a physical description that does not attempt to be complete or accurate in detail but that encapsulates what are thought to be the central features of the phenomenon .
the word ‘ model ’ implies a physical description that does not [try] to be complete or accurate in detail but that encapsulates what are thought to be the central features of the phenomenon .

We thus have to consider a typical evolution rather than attempt to cover all possibilities .
we thus have to consider a typical evolution rather than [try] to cover all possibilities .

An attempt at prediction , like that outlined above , would now have little chance of success .
an [try] at prediction , like that outlined above , would now have little chance of success .

The mathematical properties of the equations producing the results are not directly elucidated ( although one will , of course , often attempt to interpret the observations in terms of such properties ) .
the mathematical properties of the equations producing the results are not directly elucidated ( although one will , of course , often [try] to interpret the observations in terms of such properties ) .

4 In different ways , both explore boundaries and attempt to expand current ideas of what embroidery/stitch/textiles might be .
4 in different ways , both explore boundaries and [try] to expand current ideas of what embroidery/stitch/textiles might be .

Celant did n't attempt to theorise the notion of Arte povera .
celant did n't [try] to theorise the notion of arte povera .

There was great anticipation what with Macca v Wimbledon and Dorigo v Holland in mind , but in the end Dorigo 's attempt was blocked and hoofed off upfield .
there was great anticipation what with macca v wimbledon and dorigo v holland in mind , but in the end dorigo 's [try] was blocked and hoofed off upfield .

Monetary policy is the deliberate attempt by the authorities ( a ) to control the supply of money , or ( b ) to control interest rates , or ( c ) to ration the amount of credit granted by banks .
monetary policy is the deliberate [try] by the authorities ( a ) to control the supply of money , or ( b ) to control interest rates , or ( c ) to ration the amount of credit granted by banks .

Should the government take a long-term perspective or a short-term perspective ? Should it adopt a target for money supply growth , say , and stick to it come what may ? Or should it adjust its policy as circumstances change and attempt to ‘ fine-tune ’ the economy ?
should the government take a long-term perspective or a short-term perspective ? should it adopt a target for money supply growth , say , and stick to it come what may ? or should it adjust its policy as circumstances change and [try] to ‘ fine-tune ’ the economy ?

In framing its monetary policy a government must have a clear idea of what the goals of the policy are , which monetary variable it is going to attempt to control and by what means , whether to take a long-term or short-term perspective , and how the policy fits in with other policies .
in framing its monetary policy a government must have a clear idea of what the goals of the policy are , which monetary variable it is going to [try] to control and by what means , whether to take a long-term or short-term perspective , and how the policy fits in with other policies .

If the government wishes to restrict monetary growth over the longer term , it could in theory attempt to control any of these four .
if the government wishes to restrict monetary growth over the longer term , it could in theory [try] to control any of these four .

Short-term monetary control : what should governments attempt to control ?
short-term monetary control : what should governments [try] to control ?

One solution to the problems of monetary base control would be for the authorities to attempt to control broader measures of liquidity .
one solution to the problems of monetary base control would be for the authorities to [try] to control broader measures of liquidity .

If potential purchasers believe interest rates will rise in the future ( highly likely when the government is attempting to operate a tighter monetary policy ) , they will hold off buying bonds now and may even attempt to sell bonds before bond prices fall .
if potential purchasers believe interest rates will rise in the future ( highly likely when the government is attempting to operate a tighter monetary policy ) , they will hold off buying bonds now and may even [try] to sell bonds before bond prices fall .

If the demand for loans is inelastic , as in Figure 17.8 , any attempt to reduce demand ( e.g .
if the demand for loans is inelastic , as in figure 17.8 , any [try] to reduce demand ( e.g .

Many sole practitioners responded angrily , seeing in the proposal for prior approval of their accounting systems a covert attempt to abolish sole practice ‘ through the back door ’ .
many sole practitioners responded angrily , seeing in the proposal for prior approval of their accounting systems a covert [try] to abolish sole practice ‘ through the back door ’ .

Warwickshire , for example , invited comments from sole practitioners , partnerships , and other individual solicitors , and made no attempt to reconcile the often conflicting views which emerged .
warwickshire , for example , invited comments from sole practitioners , partnerships , and other individual solicitors , and made no [try] to reconcile the often conflicting views which emerged .

Of the various limits suggested in 17 ( ii ) , 150,000 emerged as the most popular , but many respondents made no attempt to quantify the cap .
of the various limits suggested in 17 ( ii ) , 150,000 emerged as the most popular , but many respondents made no [try] to quantify the cap .

Why , when the opposition goalie was taking a goal-kick , did he crouch forward and remain motionless like Johnny Fartpants ? was this some attempt to psyche out the opposition ? Or was he addicted to the game Striker as a kid where the goalie adopted a similar position ( mine always seemed to do a Sprake and throw the ball back into my own net ) .
why , when the opposition goalie was taking a goal-kick , did he crouch forward and remain motionless like johnny fartpants ? was this some [try] to psyche out the opposition ? or was he addicted to the game striker as a kid where the goalie adopted a similar position ( mine always seemed to do a sprake and throw the ball back into my own net ) .

Rather than try to disentangle the scores of relationships examined between animals and plants in this area by putting them into categories of predation or dispersal mechanism , an attempt is made to look at the relationships of particular taxonomic groups of animals and their food plants .
rather than try to disentangle the scores of relationships examined between animals and plants in this area by putting them into categories of predation or dispersal mechanism , an [try] is made to look at the relationships of particular taxonomic groups of animals and their food plants .

In our attempt to understand the diversity of tropical forests , using largely the example of the trees , we have had to take into account all the features of the plant that would appear to reflect the forces of natural selection in terms of physical factors : meteorological , topographical , pedological , and biotic ones .
in our [try] to understand the diversity of tropical forests , using largely the example of the trees , we have had to take into account all the features of the plant that would appear to reflect the forces of natural selection in terms of physical factors : meteorological , topographical , pedological , and biotic ones .

The luxuriance of tropical forest deceived many colonists from Europe , their efforts being commemorated by scrub and bare rock , nowhere more markedly than the ‘ Joden Savanna ’ of Surinam , the result of a short-lived farming attempt by Jewish refugees 150 years ago .
the luxuriance of tropical forest deceived many colonists from europe , their efforts being commemorated by scrub and bare rock , nowhere more markedly than the ‘ joden savanna ’ of surinam , the result of a short-lived farming [try] by jewish refugees 150 years ago .

An attempt at modelling the future role of tropical forests in the world economy had the export of tropical hardwoods doubling between 1986 and 2000 with the opening up of industries in other countries .
an [try] at modelling the future role of tropical forests in the world economy had the export of tropical hardwoods doubling between 1986 and 2000 with the opening up of industries in other countries .

Interest has therefore been taken in the effect of adding fertilizer in an attempt at rehabilitation .
interest has therefore been taken in the effect of adding fertilizer in an [try] at rehabilitation .

The partially successful operation , during the closing months of the Great War , was an attempt to stop German destroyers and U-boats based at Bruges from reaching the open sea via the eight mile ship canal connecting the city with Zeebrugge .
the partially successful operation , during the closing months of the great war , was an [try] to stop german destroyers and u-boats based at bruges from reaching the open sea via the eight mile ship canal connecting the city with zeebrugge .

This society , which had as its motto ‘ Ars gallica , represented an attempt to stem the tide of foreign musical influence : among its aims were ‘ the revival of pre-Revolutionary French music and the creation of new music steeped in the national tradition ’ .
this society , which had as its motto ‘ ars gallica , represented an [try] to stem the tide of foreign musical influence : among its aims were ‘ the revival of pre-revolutionary french music and the creation of new music steeped in the national tradition ’ .

What happened here was apparently an attempt to change strokes into dots ; and it is dots he wrote for the immediate repeat of the theme .
what happened here was apparently an [try] to change strokes into dots ; and it is dots he wrote for the immediate repeat of the theme .

She could attempt to talk to him , try to make sense of what was going on .
she could [try] to talk to him , try to make sense of what was going on .

‘ Guy … this is all wrong … ’ Her one last attempt to halt the tide lacked conviction , she knew .
‘ guy … this is all wrong … ’ her one last [try] to halt the tide lacked conviction , she knew .

Once more she stood gazing out over the garden , but this time everything seemed different — so different that when he took her gently into his arms it was so natural that she made no attempt to draw back .
once more she stood gazing out over the garden , but this time everything seemed different — so different that when he took her gently into his arms it was so natural that she made no [try] to draw back .

As Robert leaned over to open the passenger door , she handed him the plaster but made no attempt to get in .
as robert leaned over to open the passenger door , she handed him the plaster but made no [try] to get in .

But when , clutching the bag , she made an attempt to brush past him he blocked her way , adding coldly , ‘ It 's not safe to be roaming around the back-streets on your own at this time of night .
but when , clutching the bag , she made an [try] to brush past him he blocked her way , adding coldly , ‘ it 's not safe to be roaming around the back-streets on your own at this time of night .

But even in her bemused state she heard , with fierce satisfaction , the harshness , the rapid breathing that belied his attempt to sound unmoved .
but even in her bemused state she heard , with fierce satisfaction , the harshness , the rapid breathing that belied his [try] to sound unmoved .

‘ Do n't overestimate your … effect on me , ’ she muttered in an attempt to salvage some pride .
‘ do n't overestimate your … effect on me , ’ she muttered in an [try] to salvage some pride .

He steered the small boat through a jumble of miscellaneous craft , then , with what seemed to be a deliberate attempt to lighten the atmosphere , said , ‘ So go ahead and ask me . ’
he steered the small boat through a jumble of miscellaneous craft , then , with what seemed to be a deliberate [try] to lighten the atmosphere , said , ‘ so go ahead and ask me . ’

Watching a small , speckled lizard sunning himself on the trunk of one of the trees , Luce made an attempt to push her uneasy fancies aside and fulfil her half of the bargain .
watching a small , speckled lizard sunning himself on the trunk of one of the trees , luce made an [try] to push her uneasy fancies aside and fulfil her half of the bargain .

He reached her just as she made an attempt to stand , and caught hold of her upper arms .
he reached her just as she made an [try] to stand , and caught hold of her upper arms .

‘ You can bring the crutch , so long as you promise not to attempt the stairs .
‘ you can bring the crutch , so long as you promise not to [try] the stairs .

Michele had asked for a promise that she would n't attempt the stairs , but she had n't given one , and if she was very careful …
michele had asked for a promise that she would n't [try] the stairs , but she had n't given one , and if she was very careful …

Penry Vaughan made no attempt to deny it .
penry vaughan made no [try] to deny it .

Leonora made no attempt at an answering smile .
leonora made no [try] at an answering smile .

The rest of the evening passed without further reference to Leonora 's attempt to gild the lily .
the rest of the evening passed without further reference to leonora 's [try] to gild the lily .

She decided she was n't going to be thrown off by his attempt to annoy her .
she decided she was n't going to be thrown off by his [try] to annoy her .

She made no attempt to hide herself , in some strange way , completely out of character for herself , taunting him with the choice he had made .
she made no [try] to hide herself , in some strange way , completely out of character for herself , taunting him with the choice he had made .

And he made no attempt to turn away .
and he made no [try] to turn away .

Charity was very aware of two things : that Matthew made no attempt to define his relationship with her , and that Sandra Bamfield 's golden , cat-like eyes narrowed on her with vague suspicion .
charity was very aware of two things : that matthew made no [try] to define his relationship with her , and that sandra bamfield 's golden , cat-like eyes narrowed on her with vague suspicion .

’ He smiled encouragingly , and Juliet was gratified by his attempt to include her in the conversation .
’ he smiled encouragingly , and juliet was gratified by his [try] to include her in the conversation .

But as the week wore on and Damian made no attempt to see her at night , spend time with her or try to kiss her , she realised he was seeing Domino in the dark , humid hours when Rachel sat alone at home , tortured by jealousy , consumed with it , imagining them together and burning with impotent rage .
but as the week wore on and damian made no [try] to see her at night , spend time with her or try to kiss her , she realised he was seeing domino in the dark , humid hours when rachel sat alone at home , tortured by jealousy , consumed with it , imagining them together and burning with impotent rage .

Fabia ate a morsel of a tasty mushroom-filled pork cutlet that had a hint of caraway in there somewhere and , more in an attempt to recapture some of her former equilibrium than anything , she asked , ‘ Has this dish any special name ? ’
fabia ate a morsel of a tasty mushroom-filled pork cutlet that had a hint of caraway in there somewhere and , more in an [try] to recapture some of her former equilibrium than anything , she asked , ‘ has this dish any special name ? ’

How any attempt was going to be made when she was in Mariánské Láznë and Ven in Prague , she had n't fathomed as she made her way down to breakfast .
how any [try] was going to be made when she was in mariánské láznë and ven in prague , she had n't fathomed as she made her way down to breakfast .

’ he grated — and Fabia 's attempt to bluff it out promptly folded .
’ he grated — and fabia 's [try] to bluff it out promptly folded .

‘ That 's the image you project on stage , ’ he continued mildly as if she had n't spoken . ‘ Surely you would n't attempt to deny that ? ’
‘ that 's the image you project on stage , ’ he continued mildly as if she had n't spoken . ‘ surely you would n't [try] to deny that ? ’

Rory made the best attempt she could at a dismissive laugh .
rory made the best [try] she could at a dismissive laugh .

’ The other girl made no attempt to hide her disgust as she turned back to the books lying before her on the table , and Rory felt her spirits sink still further as she headed for the door .
’ the other girl made no [try] to hide her disgust as she turned back to the books lying before her on the table , and rory felt her spirits sink still further as she headed for the door .

’ Candy made no attempt to hide her astonishment .
’ candy made no [try] to hide her astonishment .

Rory made an attempt at a light laugh .
rory made an [try] at a light laugh .

’ Since Bernie , her agent , was apparently physically incapable of lowering his voice , his attempt at a murmur two inches away from her practically shattered her left eardrum .
’ since bernie , her agent , was apparently physically incapable of lowering his voice , his [try] at a murmur two inches away from her practically shattered her left eardrum .

In an attempt to think about something else , Leith thought about her job at Vasey 's , and how fortunate she was to have Jimmy Webb as her assistant .
in an [try] to think about something else , leith thought about her job at vasey 's , and how fortunate she was to have jimmy webb as her assistant .

‘ There 's rather more to it than that , ’ he said with a vain attempt at lightness .
‘ there 's rather more to it than that , ’ he said with a vain [try] at lightness .

In a vain attempt to maintain her independence , she spent Monday and Tuesday nights at home — alone .
in a vain [try] to maintain her independence , she spent monday and tuesday nights at home — alone .

She felt the chemistry and remarkably made no attempt to fight it .
she felt the chemistry and remarkably made no [try] to fight it .

They lay together in the gathering darkness , holding each other , neither making any attempt to speak their hurt and their loss but both knowing it was there , buried deep within them .
they lay together in the gathering darkness , holding each other , neither making any [try] to speak their hurt and their loss but both knowing it was there , buried deep within them .

Gingerly she lowered the sweet-tempered child into the cot , not taking her eyes from her exquisite face , Ruth stood gripping the sides of the cot with fingers whitened in an attempt at stopping them shaking .
gingerly she lowered the sweet-tempered child into the cot , not taking her eyes from her exquisite face , ruth stood gripping the sides of the cot with fingers whitened in an [try] at stopping them shaking .

‘ It 's — it 's an attempt to buy me .
‘ it 's — it 's an [try] to buy me .

If her hurried attempt to close it was a betrayal then it was only another in a long line of mistakes .
if her hurried [try] to close it was a betrayal then it was only another in a long line of mistakes .

Travis seemed to appreciate the attempt at humour .
travis seemed to appreciate the [try] at humour .

Travis 's touch on her arm cut off her attempt to make sense of what was happening .
travis 's touch on her arm cut off her [try] to make sense of what was happening .

In an attempt to impress , he would resort to extravagant gestures or issue bombastic claims — though these were restricted to his close circle of intimates .
in an [try] to impress , he would resort to extravagant gestures or issue bombastic claims — though these were restricted to his close circle of intimates .

On learning that the child carried his genes , might he take her to court and attempt to gain custody ?
on learning that the child carried his genes , might he take her to court and [try] to gain custody ?

If you want something in this world you have to be positive , she reflected , so , instead of quelling the emotions which arose within her , perhaps she should agree to become Vitor 's bride and attempt to capture his heart ?
if you want something in this world you have to be positive , she reflected , so , instead of quelling the emotions which arose within her , perhaps she should agree to become vitor 's bride and [try] to capture his heart ?

As yet there has been no detailed attempt to assess the possible effects of such hot-spot ‘ migration ’ on landscape development , but there is some evidence from the stratigraphic record of the movement of topographic swells across continents which may be related to the passage of hot spots or similar thermal phenomena .
as yet there has been no detailed [try] to assess the possible effects of such hot-spot ‘ migration ’ on landscape development , but there is some evidence from the stratigraphic record of the movement of topographic swells across continents which may be related to the passage of hot spots or similar thermal phenomena .

The sequence of uplift , rifting and continental rupture which leads to the formation of passive continental margins is of considerable importance in any attempt to understand the large-scale geomorphology of the present-day continents .
the sequence of uplift , rifting and continental rupture which leads to the formation of passive continental margins is of considerable importance in any [try] to understand the large-scale geomorphology of the present-day continents .

Swamping future historians with vast amounts of digital information may impede their research as they attempt to navigate through it .
swamping future historians with vast amounts of digital information may impede their research as they [try] to navigate through it .

But if selection is to take place , it seems reasonable to attempt to do so on the basis of what an organisation saw as important in its own terms at the time , rather than attempting to apply current research criteria to the process .
but if selection is to take place , it seems reasonable to [try] to do so on the basis of what an organisation saw as important in its own terms at the time , rather than attempting to apply current research criteria to the process .

Such suggestions might be seen , of course , as an attempt to shoehorn information technology into old fashioned structures , and information scientists may well generate more appropriate solutions to the archival challenge .
such suggestions might be seen , of course , as an [try] to shoehorn information technology into old fashioned structures , and information scientists may well generate more appropriate solutions to the archival challenge .

Standardisation needs to take place at another level as well ; this time amongst computer-using historians who are willing to attempt collective decisions about what information should be encoded in a machine-readable document and about how encoding decisions should be recorded for posterity and secondary analyses .
standardisation needs to take place at another level as well ; this time amongst computer-using historians who are willing to [try] collective decisions about what information should be encoded in a machine-readable document and about how encoding decisions should be recorded for posterity and secondary analyses .

There were a number of errors in the raw data which meant that the first attempt to convert it into system files failed .
there were a number of errors in the raw data which meant that the first [try] to convert it into system files failed .

The conditions of use to which all users are required to agree insist among other things that users should not attempt to identify particular individuals or households , that the data should only be used for academic purposes , and that any publications which make extensive use of the data should acknowledge this .
the conditions of use to which all users are required to agree insist among other things that users should not [try] to identify particular individuals or households , that the data should only be used for academic purposes , and that any publications which make extensive use of the data should acknowledge this .

The half-day course on the Census introduces the problems but does not attempt to discuss them in depth .
the half-day course on the census introduces the problems but does not [try] to discuss them in depth .

Should one take sample cross-sections of the material on an ad hoc or regular time basis , or should one attempt to capture the ‘ record ’ in its entirety ?
should one take sample cross-sections of the material on an ad hoc or regular time basis , or should one [try] to capture the ‘ record ’ in its entirety ?

Let me do what historians should be able to do best : take examples , examine how they work , place them in context , and attempt to generalize .
let me do what historians should be able to do best : take examples , examine how they work , place them in context , and [try] to generalize .

For we find very similar results in those regions where the attempt to create the conditions of capitalist agriculture was made not by some global edict abolishing the economy of coercion , but by the more general process of imposing the law of bourgeois liberalism : transforming all landed property into individual property and turning land into a freely saleable commodity like anything else .
for we find very similar results in those regions where the [try] to create the conditions of capitalist agriculture was made not by some global edict abolishing the economy of coercion , but by the more general process of imposing the law of bourgeois liberalism : transforming all landed property into individual property and turning land into a freely saleable commodity like anything else .

The only comprehensive attempt to measure venereal infection , which plainly had a strong connection with some kinds of extra-marital sex , revealed little except that in Prussia , not unexpectedly , it was much higher in the megalopolis Berlin than in any other province ( tending normally to diminish with the size of cities and villages ) , and that it reached its maximum in towns with ports , garrisons and institutes of higher education , i.e .
the only comprehensive [try] to measure venereal infection , which plainly had a strong connection with some kinds of extra-marital sex , revealed little except that in prussia , not unexpectedly , it was much higher in the megalopolis berlin than in any other province ( tending normally to diminish with the size of cities and villages ) , and that it reached its maximum in towns with ports , garrisons and institutes of higher education , i.e .

But there was evidence that Ken did attempt it , even if he never went through with any serious kind of sexual activity .
but there was evidence that ken did [try] it , even if he never went through with any serious kind of sexual activity .

It was an attempt to produce a play of classical dimensions in a modern idiom , which in 1963 was a brave thing to do .
it was an [try] to produce a play of classical dimensions in a modern idiom , which in 1963 was a brave thing to do .

We shall attempt to redress the balance in this section .
we shall [try] to redress the balance in this section .

No tricks should be pulled in an attempt to achieve transitory , and ultimately worthless , short-term gains .
no tricks should be pulled in an [try] to achieve transitory , and ultimately worthless , short-term gains .

Unlike Lucas , these writers rarely attempt to justify this conviction formally , preferring instead to allude vaguely to the Walrasian model of general equilibrium and to the behavioural assumptions which underpin that model .
unlike lucas , these writers rarely [try] to justify this conviction formally , preferring instead to allude vaguely to the walrasian model of general equilibrium and to the behavioural assumptions which underpin that model .

Pigou argued that , in a competitive economy , unemployed workers would vie with employed workers in an attempt to gain employment , possibly at the expense of those already in work .
pigou argued that , in a competitive economy , unemployed workers would vie with employed workers in an [try] to gain employment , possibly at the expense of those already in work .

Despite the failure of the old classical writers to form a coherent set of policy prescriptions , their view remained that any attempt to reduce general unemployment must have as its cornerstone policies which would reduce real wages .
despite the failure of the old classical writers to form a coherent set of policy prescriptions , their view remained that any [try] to reduce general unemployment must have as its cornerstone policies which would reduce real wages .

Insiders attempt to maximize the utility only of the representative employed worker ( that is , the representative insider ) ; they attach no utility to the welfare of unemployed workers ( outsiders ) .
insiders [try] to maximize the utility only of the representative employed worker ( that is , the representative insider ) ; they attach no utility to the welfare of unemployed workers ( outsiders ) .

Therefore , the plaintiff 's solicitor should , in any case involving substantial injury and continuing disability , attempt to agree to disclose his reports on the basis of mutual exchange for the defendant 's reports .
therefore , the plaintiff 's solicitor should , in any case involving substantial injury and continuing disability , [try] to agree to disclose his reports on the basis of mutual exchange for the defendant 's reports .

The correct approach here is to cut down the obligation to perform undertaken under the contract , rather than attempt to impose an exemption clause covering the liability for a breach committed .
the correct approach here is to cut down the obligation to perform undertaken under the contract , rather than [try] to impose an exemption clause covering the liability for a breach committed .

The Directive however does not attempt to assess the bargain which the consumer has made under the contract and therefore excludes assessment of the unfair character of terms which relate to " the main subject matter of the contract " and " the quality/price ratio of the goods or services supplied " .
the directive however does not [try] to assess the bargain which the consumer has made under the contract and therefore excludes assessment of the unfair character of terms which relate to " the main subject matter of the contract " and " the quality/price ratio of the goods or services supplied " .

Here they rely on the principles in the ticket cases which require a reasonable attempt to give notice to a party of the existence of terms and conditions by which it is intended to bind him .
here they rely on the principles in the ticket cases which require a reasonable [try] to give notice to a party of the existence of terms and conditions by which it is intended to bind him .

Buyers often attempt to include express warranties stating that goods will be suitable for the purpose for which they are intended to be used by the buyer , or suitable for the purpose for which they are ordinarily or generally used .
buyers often [try] to include express warranties stating that goods will be suitable for the purpose for which they are intended to be used by the buyer , or suitable for the purpose for which they are ordinarily or generally used .

Such use may be an infringement of any design rights that the buyer has in the designs embodied in these tools , but he will in general prefer to avoid the attempt to invoke these rights , and instead to rely on a provision like cll 8.1 and 8.2 of Precedent 2 .
such use may be an infringement of any design rights that the buyer has in the designs embodied in these tools , but he will in general prefer to avoid the [try] to invoke these rights , and instead to rely on a provision like cll 8.1 and 8.2 of precedent 2 .

Sellers in a strong bargaining position will attempt to impose such a clause even where they are not obliged to supply the forecast requirements .
sellers in a strong bargaining position will [try] to impose such a clause even where they are not obliged to supply the forecast requirements .

Whilst no attempt is made to play down the importance of local rules to meet local needs , the existence of certain shared values is reflected in the provisions of the Code .
whilst no [try] is made to play down the importance of local rules to meet local needs , the existence of certain shared values is reflected in the provisions of the code .

Whilst the partnership agreement may well expressly or by implication prohibit a partner from becoming involved in other ( non-competing ) business in an attempt to secure his full time devotion to the firm , breach of such provision will not result in the offending partner becoming accountable in respect of profits earned from that other business .
whilst the partnership agreement may well expressly or by implication prohibit a partner from becoming involved in other ( non-competing ) business in an [try] to secure his full time devotion to the firm , breach of such provision will not result in the offending partner becoming accountable in respect of profits earned from that other business .

Detailed analysis of the increasingly sophisticated mechanics and fiscal ramifications of inter-solicitor and multi-national groupings would form the subject of a book in itself and no attempt is made here to deal with such matters .
detailed analysis of the increasingly sophisticated mechanics and fiscal ramifications of inter-solicitor and multi-national groupings would form the subject of a book in itself and no [try] is made here to deal with such matters .

Every attempt should be made to anticipate this generation gap .
every [try] should be made to anticipate this generation gap .

Except in larger firms , unanimity might be thought to be desirable in the interests of preventing further splits in the firm , and even where a majority decision is available , a genuine attempt to achieve unanimity should always be made : save in any but the clearest case , exercise of the power by a permitted majority without consultation with the remaining partners would be regarded as being in bad faith .
except in larger firms , unanimity might be thought to be desirable in the interests of preventing further splits in the firm , and even where a majority decision is available , a genuine [try] to achieve unanimity should always be made : save in any but the clearest case , exercise of the power by a permitted majority without consultation with the remaining partners would be regarded as being in bad faith .

If the court or the arbitrator should find against the validity of the expulsion , the injured partner should as a matter of common sense be given the opportunity of retiring from the firm on short notice : relations with those party to an attempt to expel him could scarcely be expected to remain harmonious .
if the court or the arbitrator should find against the validity of the expulsion , the injured partner should as a matter of common sense be given the opportunity of retiring from the firm on short notice : relations with those party to an [try] to expel him could scarcely be expected to remain harmonious .

The following might be regarded as excessive restrictions : ( 1 ) an attempt to prevent a qualified solicitor from setting up a specialist practice in a field in which his former firm has never before undertaken work and has no plans to start accepting instructions ; ( 2 ) an attempt to prevent an outgoing partner from accepting instructions from any person or firm ( whether or not a client or former client of his former firm ) within a prescribed area ; ( 3 ) a general area restraint where the outgoing partner 's former firm has its offices in a location where competition is already intense .
the following might be regarded as excessive restrictions : ( 1 ) an [try] to prevent a qualified solicitor from setting up a specialist practice in a field in which his former firm has never before undertaken work and has no plans to start accepting instructions ; ( 2 ) an [try] to prevent an outgoing partner from accepting instructions from any person or firm ( whether or not a client or former client of his former firm ) within a prescribed area ; ( 3 ) a general area restraint where the outgoing partner 's former firm has its offices in a location where competition is already intense .

The court will not , however , attempt to renegotiate or re-write the covenants .
the court will not , however , [try] to renegotiate or re-write the covenants .

13.8.2 An attempt to stop an expert taking legal advice
13.8.2 an [try] to stop an expert taking legal advice

Accordingly , the draftsman should attempt to combine both methods .
accordingly , the draftsman should [try] to combine both methods .

It is nowadays quite unrealistic for a tenant even to attempt to secure a long letting of commercial property at a fixed rack rent ; and no well-advised landlord would grant such a lease .
it is nowadays quite unrealistic for a tenant even to [try] to secure a long letting of commercial property at a fixed rack rent ; and no well-advised landlord would grant such a lease .

Conversely , where the tenant is likely to give discounts to certain customers ( eg those who pay by credit card , or employees ) , or where he is likely to have sales or special offers , his advisers should attempt to ensure that it is the amount he receives rather than the full retail price which is to be included in the calculation of turnover .
conversely , where the tenant is likely to give discounts to certain customers ( eg those who pay by credit card , or employees ) , or where he is likely to have sales or special offers , his advisers should [try] to ensure that it is the amount he receives rather than the full retail price which is to be included in the calculation of turnover .

However , the tenant should not be subjected to oppressive powers of inspection and he should resist an attempt to make him pay the costs of an inspection , although it would be fair that he should pay the costs if there is a material discrepancy between the information supplied by him and the results of an inspection .
however , the tenant should not be subjected to oppressive powers of inspection and he should resist an [try] to make him pay the costs of an inspection , although it would be fair that he should pay the costs if there is a material discrepancy between the information supplied by him and the results of an inspection .

( d ) Voids The tenant 's advisers should attempt to secure some allowance for the tenant in case of voids .
( d ) voids the tenant 's advisers should [try] to secure some allowance for the tenant in case of voids .

Some landlords attempt to introduce a review date on the last or penultimate day of the term .
some landlords [try] to introduce a review date on the last or penultimate day of the term .

The purpose of doing so is to attempt to obtain for the landlord a higher rent than would be awarded by the court on an application for an interim rent under s24A of the Landlord and Tenant Act 1954 .
the purpose of doing so is to [try] to obtain for the landlord a higher rent than would be awarded by the court on an application for an interim rent under s24a of the landlord and tenant act 1954 .

It will be appreciated , of course , though it is not always fully understood by persons who are not directly concerned with the law , that the law can not attempt to attribute any particular figure of damages to any particular physical injury , serious or trivial .
it will be appreciated , of course , though it is not always fully understood by persons who are not directly concerned with the law , that the law can not [try] to attribute any particular figure of damages to any particular physical injury , serious or trivial .

Any such decision involves an attempt to equate the incommensurable .
any such decision involves an [try] to equate the incommensurable .

Before embarking on a management buy-out , the advisers to the management team must read carefully the provisions of the directors ' service contracts , bearing in mind that if the buy-out attempt fails , the members of the team may well wish to continue working for the company as before .
before embarking on a management buy-out , the advisers to the management team must read carefully the provisions of the directors ' service contracts , bearing in mind that if the buy-out [try] fails , the members of the team may well wish to continue working for the company as before .

Even if the vendor agrees to underwrite some of the costs if the buy-out attempt fails , it will probably wish to limit its exposure to the case where it is directly responsible for the breakdown of negotiations .
even if the vendor agrees to underwrite some of the costs if the buy-out [try] fails , it will probably wish to limit its exposure to the case where it is directly responsible for the breakdown of negotiations .

Accountants often attempt to discourage this , probably to reduce the risk of claims of negligence arising from the report .
accountants often [try] to discourage this , probably to reduce the risk of claims of negligence arising from the report .

It is a guide for practitioners and does not attempt to expound academic points which are better dealt with by numerous text books .
it is a guide for practitioners and does not [try] to expound academic points which are better dealt with by numerous text books .

The purchaser should reject at all costs any attempt by the vendor to disclose any other documents which are referred to in the documents presented with the disclosure letter .
the purchaser should reject at all costs any [try] by the vendor to disclose any other documents which are referred to in the documents presented with the disclosure letter .

The plan recommended by Clinton , one of nine options prepared by a committee of scientists in the wake of a conference on the issue in April , is an attempt to break the deadlock .
the plan recommended by clinton , one of nine options prepared by a committee of scientists in the wake of a conference on the issue in april , is an [try] to break the deadlock .

The plan , which involved charging a flat-rate tax per kilo , represented an attempt to reduce the amount of waste dumped in landfill sites .
the plan , which involved charging a flat-rate tax per kilo , represented an [try] to reduce the amount of waste dumped in landfill sites .

Mahathir said : `` It is the rich who must be prepared to sacrifice their progress in the interest of our development … The negotiations to prepare for Rio reflect the continuing attempt by the South to bring the North to the table to overcome over four decades of neglect on the growth and development of the South … Fear in the North of environmental degradation provides the South with the leverage which did not exist before `` .
mahathir said : `` it is the rich who must be prepared to sacrifice their progress in the interest of our development … the negotiations to prepare for rio reflect the continuing [try] by the south to bring the north to the table to overcome over four decades of neglect on the growth and development of the south … fear in the north of environmental degradation provides the south with the leverage which did not exist before `` .

He also cites a recent disastrous attempt to build a golf course at Vung Tau , 120 km south-west of the city , where a Taiwanese company clear-felled forest before abandoning the site on the grounds that it was too windy for golf .
he also cites a recent disastrous [try] to build a golf course at vung tau , 120 km south-west of the city , where a taiwanese company clear-felled forest before abandoning the site on the grounds that it was too windy for golf .

The party will also attempt to establish a legal framework for the protection of the environment .
the party will also [try] to establish a legal framework for the protection of the environment .

The 20,000 Yanomami in Brazil and Venezuela are threatened by imported diseases and pollution ; the operation is the second attempt since 1990 to clear miners from the area .
the 20,000 yanomami in brazil and venezuela are threatened by imported diseases and pollution ; the operation is the second [try] since 1990 to clear miners from the area .

In an attempt to deter miners from returning , the airspace over the Yanomami reserve has been closed to private aircraft by the Brazilian air force and a radar system has been installed in Boa Vista , the state capital , to monitor violations .
in an [try] to deter miners from returning , the airspace over the yanomami reserve has been closed to private aircraft by the brazilian air force and a radar system has been installed in boa vista , the state capital , to monitor violations .

In an apparent attempt defuse the row , the Slovak prime minister , Vladimir Meciar , declared on Oct. 30 during a visit to neighbouring Austria : `` We are willing to suspend work until an international commission checks the technical problems of the project , and we are open to further negotiations . ``
in an apparent [try] defuse the row , the slovak prime minister , vladimir meciar , declared on oct. 30 during a visit to neighbouring austria : `` we are willing to suspend work until an international commission checks the technical problems of the project , and we are open to further negotiations . ``

Greenpeace 's attempt to investigate the environmental effects of the former Soviet Union 's nuclear dumping off the island of Novaya Zemlya in the Arctic Ocean [ see also below ] has been thwarted by the Russian coastguard .
greenpeace 's [try] to investigate the environmental effects of the former soviet union 's nuclear dumping off the island of novaya zemlya in the arctic ocean [ see also below ] has been thwarted by the russian coastguard .

The national government should attempt to stamp out widespread corruption at the state level and do more to protect the land rights of indigenous people , they say .
the national government should [try] to stamp out widespread corruption at the state level and do more to protect the land rights of indigenous people , they say .

The municipal authorities in Beijing , the Chinese capital , have adopted new water management measures in an attempt to conserve resources , reduce pollution and improve quality .
the municipal authorities in beijing , the chinese capital , have adopted new water management measures in an [try] to conserve resources , reduce pollution and improve quality .

It is not yet known whether Russia will attempt to salvage the nuclear submarine that sank off northern Norway in April 1989 .
it is not yet known whether russia will [try] to salvage the nuclear submarine that sank off northern norway in april 1989 .

In an attempt to prevent any further loss of the country 's mangroves , Ecuadorian environmentalists are calling for strict control over the expansion of shrimp farming , a key export industry which earns Ecuador half a billion dollars a year in foreign exchange .
in an [try] to prevent any further loss of the country 's mangroves , ecuadorian environmentalists are calling for strict control over the expansion of shrimp farming , a key export industry which earns ecuador half a billion dollars a year in foreign exchange .

The technique was by Friends of the Earth in an attempt to halt the Wymondham by-pass road scheme in Norfolk .
the technique was by friends of the earth in an [try] to halt the wymondham by-pass road scheme in norfolk .

The first case has been recorded in Britain of a suicide attempt foiled by a catalytic converter .
the first case has been recorded in britain of a suicide [try] foiled by a catalytic converter .

The new rules limit protection to wetlands that provide environmental benefit — a contentious definition which has been denounced as a politically-motivated attempt to free large areas from protection .
the new rules limit protection to wetlands that provide environmental benefit — a contentious definition which has been denounced as a politically-motivated [try] to free large areas from protection .

No attempt is to be made to harvest the timber in the area to be flooded .
no [try] is to be made to harvest the timber in the area to be flooded .

One priority identified by participants was to attempt a census of living species , of which only 1.4 million are known , out of a total estimated at between 5 million and 50 million .
one priority identified by participants was to [try] a census of living species , of which only 1.4 million are known , out of a total estimated at between 5 million and 50 million .

The first of a series of pumps have been installed along the River Seine ( France ) in an attempt to re-oxygenate the river .
the first of a series of pumps have been installed along the river seine ( france ) in an [try] to re-oxygenate the river .

It was a contentious issue and was generally seen as an attempt by the party 's left wing to try to remove some Labour members of whom they disapproved .
it was a contentious issue and was generally seen as an [try] by the party 's left wing to try to remove some labour members of whom they disapproved .

The Air Ministry was emphatic that it `` was suicide to attempt air delivery — more especially in winter time `` .
the air ministry was emphatic that it `` was suicide to [try] air delivery — more especially in winter time `` .

It is even possible , by carefully controlling the electronic apparatus delaying the false echo , to make the bats attempt to land on a `` phantom `` ledge .
it is even possible , by carefully controlling the electronic apparatus delaying the false echo , to make the bats [try] to land on a `` phantom `` ledge .

Energy management systems may represent a major attempt to rationalise fuel consumption in non-domestic environments , but it remains to be seen how they will be received by such buildings ' occupants .
energy management systems may represent a major [try] to rationalise fuel consumption in non-domestic environments , but it remains to be seen how they will be received by such buildings ' occupants .

Studies previous to the Sadler/Spencer survey have concentrated , for the most part , on attitudes to domestic energy conservation , in an attempt to discover why programmes aimed at promoting conservation have not been taken up as widely as expected and hoped .
studies previous to the sadler/spencer survey have concentrated , for the most part , on attitudes to domestic energy conservation , in an [try] to discover why programmes aimed at promoting conservation have not been taken up as widely as expected and hoped .

The environmentalists in their attempt to come to grips with ecological problems have focused on the latter contradiction points to the detriment of those between the social relations of production and the productive forces .
the environmentalists in their [try] to come to grips with ecological problems have focused on the latter contradiction points to the detriment of those between the social relations of production and the productive forces .

It is this attempt to redesign the genetic instructions of living organisms and utilise them on an industrial scale that is creating so much excitement and concern `` .
it is this [try] to redesign the genetic instructions of living organisms and utilise them on an industrial scale that is creating so much excitement and concern `` .

Precisely because we are forced , in order to model these relations , into defining design activity as it takes place in its real context — that of the social — and do not attempt to abstract it , to isolate it from these relations , we find we build a model of designing that has surprising efficacy in application to questions of design method .
precisely because we are forced , in order to model these relations , into defining design activity as it takes place in its real context — that of the social — and do not [try] to abstract it , to isolate it from these relations , we find we build a model of designing that has surprising efficacy in application to questions of design method .

Plomer and Britten did not attempt any Verdian tug of love and duty , as will be found in Don Carlos .
plomer and britten did not [try] any verdian tug of love and duty , as will be found in don carlos .

Ryan 's proposal for a program for automatic story generation which fulfils her three criteria of creativity , aesthetic awareness and understanding will probably remain beyond the boundaries of feasibility for a long time , but it does demonstrate both the need for a greater contribution of ideas from poetics and narratology to developments in artificial intelligence , and the insights that can be gained from the attempt to shape one 's ideas about narrative into a form that can be learnt and applied by computers .
ryan 's proposal for a program for automatic story generation which fulfils her three criteria of creativity , aesthetic awareness and understanding will probably remain beyond the boundaries of feasibility for a long time , but it does demonstrate both the need for a greater contribution of ideas from poetics and narratology to developments in artificial intelligence , and the insights that can be gained from the [try] to shape one 's ideas about narrative into a form that can be learnt and applied by computers .

While little of what he has to say relates directly to rhetoric , the account of the similarities across cultures shows what structural components are required for such a broadcast to be taken seriously ; to attempt alternatives is to undermine the force of the predictions .
while little of what he has to say relates directly to rhetoric , the account of the similarities across cultures shows what structural components are required for such a broadcast to be taken seriously ; to [try] alternatives is to undermine the force of the predictions .

Christians of a liberal disposition and Christian feminists attempt to throw a bridge between past and present .
christians of a liberal disposition and christian feminists [try] to throw a bridge between past and present .

It must be said then of the attempt to re-read the history or literature of the past , that the only motivation for doing so can be that one is a Christian .
it must be said then of the [try] to re-read the history or literature of the past , that the only motivation for doing so can be that one is a christian .

When Jenson continues that the reason why the biblical God is called ‘ Father ’ is that the attempt is being made to get away from sexuality , with which women are more naturally to be associated , we may think that he has given the game away !
when jenson continues that the reason why the biblical god is called ‘ father ’ is that the [try] is being made to get away from sexuality , with which women are more naturally to be associated , we may think that he has given the game away !

They attempt a process of translation .
they [try] a process of translation .

In an attempt to establish a national administration in the absence of John Balliol , Scottish nobles and clerics had in 1299 appointed a triumvirate of Guardians : Bishop William Lamberton of St Andrews ; John , the Red Comyn of Badenoch ; and a member of the Comyns ' long-standing rival family , young Robert Bruce of Carrick .
in an [try] to establish a national administration in the absence of john balliol , scottish nobles and clerics had in 1299 appointed a triumvirate of guardians : bishop william lamberton of st andrews ; john , the red comyn of badenoch ; and a member of the comyns ' long-standing rival family , young robert bruce of carrick .

Open fields without hedges or other divisions were awkwardly split up in a system known as ‘ run-rig ’ between joint small tenants living in a small village or ‘ fermetoun ’ , each annually allocated strips or ‘ rigs ’ of from a quarter to half an acre , with a rough- and ready attempt to balance the better and poorer land between the respective individuals .
open fields without hedges or other divisions were awkwardly split up in a system known as ‘ run-rig ’ between joint small tenants living in a small village or ‘ fermetoun ’ , each annually allocated strips or ‘ rigs ’ of from a quarter to half an acre , with a rough- and ready [try] to balance the better and poorer land between the respective individuals .

The Mill has been vetted in an attempt to marginalise it and its excellent work .
the mill has been vetted in an [try] to marginalise it and its excellent work .

The Fair Employment Act 1976 had as its main feature an attempt to deal with direct religious discrimination .
the fair employment act 1976 had as its main feature an [try] to deal with direct religious discrimination .

My feeling is that while focusing on those we should attempt to focus on a solution as well .
my feeling is that while focusing on those we should [try] to focus on a solution as well .

Secondly we urged that the marginalisation of the area and the social exclusion of many of its people should be addressed by a concerted effort to open up employment opportunities outside West Belfast and by a serious attempt to involve local people in development decisions .
secondly we urged that the marginalisation of the area and the social exclusion of many of its people should be addressed by a concerted effort to open up employment opportunities outside west belfast and by a serious [try] to involve local people in development decisions .

The first issue concerned whether the government 's new-found commitment to community economic development actually represented an attempt by the government to shift responsibility for the structural problems being experienced in so-called deprived communities onto members of these communities .
the first issue concerned whether the government 's new-found commitment to community economic development actually represented an [try] by the government to shift responsibility for the structural problems being experienced in so-called deprived communities onto members of these communities .

However , rather than this being the case , is the fact that the government is supporting community economic development an admission that the state , through its economic development functions , has failed to provide opportunities which enable people in ‘ deprived ’ areas to become economically active and empowered and that something new was needed for areas of worst disadvantage ? As such , is it an attempt to involve local people in assessing the extent and nature of their problems and a means of involving them in developing new types of solutions ?
however , rather than this being the case , is the fact that the government is supporting community economic development an admission that the state , through its economic development functions , has failed to provide opportunities which enable people in ‘ deprived ’ areas to become economically active and empowered and that something new was needed for areas of worst disadvantage ? as such , is it an [try] to involve local people in assessing the extent and nature of their problems and a means of involving them in developing new types of solutions ?

This was more to do with window dressing and the government 's need to be seen to be doing something , rather than a serious attempt to tackle the problems .
this was more to do with window dressing and the government 's need to be seen to be doing something , rather than a serious [try] to tackle the problems .

Another part of the strategy was an attempt to change community leadership in local areas where the government was having problems .
another part of the strategy was an [try] to change community leadership in local areas where the government was having problems .

He felt it was this type of blanket discrimination against West Belfast which the legislation fails to address and any serious attempt to end discrimination must contain positive discrimination and quotas .
he felt it was this type of blanket discrimination against west belfast which the legislation fails to address and any serious [try] to end discrimination must contain positive discrimination and quotas .

It is not an attempt to get to grips with the fundamental problems of this society .
it is not an [try] to get to grips with the fundamental problems of this society .

No attempt was made , therefore , to have a formal feed-back from the Workshops .
no [try] was made , therefore , to have a formal feed-back from the workshops .

Others felt that there were n't adequate funds available for training , and that current government policies are the latest attempt at doctoring unemployment statistics for the area .
others felt that there were n't adequate funds available for training , and that current government policies are the latest [try] at doctoring unemployment statistics for the area .

As a result of two previous visits to London , Boulestin had already gone through a period of serious anglomania which extended even to our food , and an attempt to make his father 's household in Poitiers appreciate the beauty of mint sauce with mutton , the fascination of Sir Kenelm Digby 's Stuart recipes for hydromel and mead , and the anglo-oriental romance of curry as served at Romano 's .
as a result of two previous visits to london , boulestin had already gone through a period of serious anglomania which extended even to our food , and an [try] to make his father 's household in poitiers appreciate the beauty of mint sauce with mutton , the fascination of sir kenelm digby 's stuart recipes for hydromel and mead , and the anglo-oriental romance of curry as served at romano 's .

There should be no attempt to deceive .
there should be no [try] to deceive .

Some five years ago a few growers in the Nîmes district of Southern France made an attempt to raid the English market by cultivating Moneymaker , a favourite high-yield English commercial tomato .
some five years ago a few growers in the nîmes district of southern france made an [try] to raid the english market by cultivating moneymaker , a favourite high-yield english commercial tomato .

In the Old Testament , farmer Amos , with rustic bluntness , flays those who attempt to keep up a religious facade without matching conduct ; and James , his outspoken New Testament counterpart , exposes those who are `` hearers of the word `` but not `` doers `` of it .
in the old testament , farmer amos , with rustic bluntness , flays those who [try] to keep up a religious facade without matching conduct ; and james , his outspoken new testament counterpart , exposes those who are `` hearers of the word `` but not `` doers `` of it .

The sin-offering had to be accompanied by confession , and , where possible , a genuine attempt to put things right ( Leviticus 5:5 ; Numbers 5:7 ) .
the sin-offering had to be accompanied by confession , and , where possible , a genuine [try] to put things right ( leviticus 5:5 ; numbers 5:7 ) .

Source criticism is the attempt to discover and define the written material on which the different biblical writers drew .
source criticism is the [try] to discover and define the written material on which the different biblical writers drew .

The ladies in the billiard room kept a small fire of smashed furniture smouldering by the window and occasionally burned camphor in an attempt to palliate this tormenting odour .
the ladies in the billiard room kept a small fire of smashed furniture smouldering by the window and occasionally burned camphor in an [try] to palliate this tormenting odour .

Once or twice , when Harry and Fleury had had to leave her to her own devices for a few moments in order to fight off the sepoys , she had become very upset and had made little attempt to conceal the fact .
once or twice , when harry and fleury had had to leave her to her own devices for a few moments in order to fight off the sepoys , she had become very upset and had made little [try] to conceal the fact .

Each kind of water contained the sewage of London and was supplied with very little attempt at purification .
each kind of water contained the sewage of london and was supplied with very little [try] at purification .

His opponent was clumsily getting to his feet as Fleury snatched a violin from a rack of worm-eaten instruments ( the survivors of an attempt by the Collector to start a symphony orchestra in the cantonment ) , snapped it over his knee and leapt on to the sepoy 's back , at the same time whipping the violin strings tightly round the sepoy 's neck and dragging on them like reins .
his opponent was clumsily getting to his feet as fleury snatched a violin from a rack of worm-eaten instruments ( the survivors of an [try] by the collector to start a symphony orchestra in the cantonment ) , snapped it over his knee and leapt on to the sepoy 's back , at the same time whipping the violin strings tightly round the sepoy 's neck and dragging on them like reins .

When their main army arrived on 1 March Henry and Richard made no attempt to chase the widely scattered bands of plundering routiers .
when their main army arrived on 1 march henry and richard made no [try] to chase the widely scattered bands of plundering routiers .

King Philip travelled south in an attempt to make peace but faced with such stubbornness on both sides he was forced to return with nothing accomplished .
king philip travelled south in an [try] to make peace but faced with such stubbornness on both sides he was forced to return with nothing accomplished .

Male wasps , deceived , attempt to copulate with it .
male wasps , deceived , [try] to copulate with it .

The number of individual insects in the world seems beyond any computation , but someone has made the attempt and concluded that at any one time , there must be something of the order of one thousand million thousand million .
the number of individual insects in the world seems beyond any computation , but someone has made the [try] and concluded that at any one time , there must be something of the order of one thousand million thousand million .

They attempt to adopt adult word forms and use them with increasing consistency from one occasion to the next .
they [try] to adopt adult word forms and use them with increasing consistency from one occasion to the next .

The agent 's intention was not explicitly mentioned in the story , nor was there any attempt to depict it ( e.g .
the agent 's intention was not explicitly mentioned in the story , nor was there any [try] to depict it ( e.g .

The next stage was to carry out a proper evaluation of the message , in an attempt to determine what was giving rise to the ambiguity ( i.e .
the next stage was to carry out a proper evaluation of the message , in an [try] to determine what was giving rise to the ambiguity ( i.e .

What has been noticeably lacking is any attempt to treat communication for what it is — an interpersonal , dynamic activity .
what has been noticeably lacking is any [try] to treat communication for what it is — an interpersonal , dynamic activity .

In the telephone route-following task an attempt to combine the strengths of the experimental and naturalistic approaches has been made by using methods of discourse analysis to illuminate the communication success and failure of our child subjects .
in the telephone route-following task an [try] to combine the strengths of the experimental and naturalistic approaches has been made by using methods of discourse analysis to illuminate the communication success and failure of our child subjects .

For example , in a normal conversation between a child and an adult , if the child said ‘ er … um ’ or looked puzzled in response to a question , the adult would attempt to resolve what appeared to be some problem of understanding by rephrasing the question or asking what the problem was .
for example , in a normal conversation between a child and an adult , if the child said ‘ er … um ’ or looked puzzled in response to a question , the adult would [try] to resolve what appeared to be some problem of understanding by rephrasing the question or asking what the problem was .

In ordinary usage , and also in science , the term ‘ predict ’ is used of a conscious , deliberate attempt to make a forecast of a future event on the basis of existing knowledge and assumption .
in ordinary usage , and also in science , the term ‘ predict ’ is used of a conscious , deliberate [try] to make a forecast of a future event on the basis of existing knowledge and assumption .

But when it is used to describe what happens during reading , or any attempt at reading , it seems to stand for something less focused and further from full awareness — something which might more appropriately be called ‘ anticipation ’ or ‘ expectancy ’ .
but when it is used to describe what happens during reading , or any [try] at reading , it seems to stand for something less focused and further from full awareness — something which might more appropriately be called ‘ anticipation ’ or ‘ expectancy ’ .

The error certainly blocks any subsequent attempt to construct a meaningful sequence , especially since the child is totally defeated by ‘ ruins ’ .
the error certainly blocks any subsequent [try] to construct a meaningful sequence , especially since the child is totally defeated by ‘ ruins ’ .

Moreover , owing to the limitations of short-term memory , the context may be lost , and with it the basis for an attempt at constructing ‘ possible meanings ’ .
moreover , owing to the limitations of short-term memory , the context may be lost , and with it the basis for an [try] at constructing ‘ possible meanings ’ .

Maurice suggested that an attempt had already been made , after Eliot 's separation from her , to have her committed but that Vivien , having been warned about , or suspecting , such a move , went to Paris — certainly she recorded on 19 June 1935 some plan to have her `` arrested `` but nothing happened ; then , six days later , she is writing from Paris to a friend , Louise Purdon .
maurice suggested that an [try] had already been made , after eliot 's separation from her , to have her committed but that vivien , having been warned about , or suspecting , such a move , went to paris — certainly she recorded on 19 june 1935 some plan to have her `` arrested `` but nothing happened ; then , six days later , she is writing from paris to a friend , louise purdon .

He wanted to make another attempt at the kind of theatrical work with which he had experimented in Sweeney Agonistes — a verse drama but one in which the verse seems the natural expression of modern life , and which is able in a heightened or symbolic context to employ the tones and inflections of ordinary , contemporary speech .
he wanted to make another [try] at the kind of theatrical work with which he had experimented in sweeney agonistes — a verse drama but one in which the verse seems the natural expression of modern life , and which is able in a heightened or symbolic context to employ the tones and inflections of ordinary , contemporary speech .

In this attempt he was only partially successful .
in this [try] he was only partially successful .

But he was so much part of his time , even in the very attempt to withdraw from it , that there was no possibility of his creating a viable alternative to the society in which he lived and worked .
but he was so much part of his time , even in the very [try] to withdraw from it , that there was no possibility of his creating a viable alternative to the society in which he lived and worked .

As a result , any attempt to explicate the theme of the sequence is bound to run into peculiar difficulties , although there have been various attempts to interpret it in Christian , symbolist or political terms .
as a result , any [try] to explicate the theme of the sequence is bound to run into peculiar difficulties , although there have been various attempts to interpret it in christian , symbolist or political terms .

Not only had the reception of The Family Reunion been altogether more favourable than the ill-started attempt in 1939 , but both this play and Murder in the Cathedral were to be performed at the first Edinburgh Festival in the following year .
not only had the reception of the family reunion been altogether more favourable than the ill-started [try] in 1939 , but both this play and murder in the cathedral were to be performed at the first edinburgh festival in the following year .

He calculated that he would be able to meet all his daily and official duties if he devoted his entire time to them , and abandoned any attempt at his own writing , but this he was determined not to do .
he calculated that he would be able to meet all his daily and official duties if he devoted his entire time to them , and abandoned any [try] at his own writing , but this he was determined not to do .

But there was also a growing disaffection among the younger poets and critics : he had ceased to be a poet and had become an institution , and the only thing to do with an institution is to attempt to pull it down .
but there was also a growing disaffection among the younger poets and critics : he had ceased to be a poet and had become an institution , and the only thing to do with an institution is to [try] to pull it down .

The suggestions of homosexuality are , however , only one aspect of the attempt to discover some `` mystery `` which he wished to conceal ; and , in fact , the belief that there is such a secret has been largely provoked by the innate secretiveness of his own temperament .
the suggestions of homosexuality are , however , only one aspect of the [try] to discover some `` mystery `` which he wished to conceal ; and , in fact , the belief that there is such a secret has been largely provoked by the innate secretiveness of his own temperament .

In spite of his ritual attempt to distance himself from the young man who had written that poem , he knew very well that even his contemporary reputation in large part rested on it : that , and the last three of the Four Quartets , he told Ezra Pound , had been worth writing .
in spite of his ritual [try] to distance himself from the young man who had written that poem , he knew very well that even his contemporary reputation in large part rested on it : that , and the last three of the four quartets , he told ezra pound , had been worth writing .

And the attempt to start an avalanche of donations was a complete failure .
and the [try] to start an avalanche of donations was a complete failure .

He did not leave London until 25 August , and he was back in Paris by 18 September for the only attempt which he ever made , as head of government , to negotiate direct with a foreign statesman .
he did not leave london until 25 august , and he was back in paris by 18 september for the only [try] which he ever made , as head of government , to negotiate direct with a foreign statesman .

He recognized his limitations , but he made little attempt to develop another technique .
he recognized his limitations , but he made little [try] to develop another technique .

They had built up the industry on cheap labour , and their only answer to the challenge of foreign competition was to attempt to cut back the limited improvements in wages and hours which had been secured during and immediately after the war .
they had built up the industry on cheap labour , and their only answer to the challenge of foreign competition was to [try] to cut back the limited improvements in wages and hours which had been secured during and immediately after the war .

There then followed a winter of rather confused but relatively quiet negotiation manoeuvre , and attempt at compromise on the tariff issue .
there then followed a winter of rather confused but relatively quiet negotiation manoeuvre , and [try] at compromise on the tariff issue .

By 1829 , the year of Owen 's return from America , the organisation by John Doherty of workers in cotton spinning into his Grand National Union of the United Kingdom had marked an attempt to make trade union structure national , whereas hitherto it had been local .
by 1829 , the year of owen 's return from america , the organisation by john doherty of workers in cotton spinning into his grand national union of the united kingdom had marked an [try] to make trade union structure national , whereas hitherto it had been local .

But that possibility arose essentially out of the attempt to frustrate the demand for political reform .
but that possibility arose essentially out of the [try] to frustrate the demand for political reform .

Thus , as soon , was Owen 's attempt to create a nationwide union of workers to collapse ; and with it , his complex of interdependent aims : the assumption by the union of the ownership and control of industry ; the adoption by the union of the co-operative form of organisation as the instrument of ownership and control ; and hence the establishment , even before political democracy , of a comprehensive and integral system of industrial democracy .
thus , as soon , was owen 's [try] to create a nationwide union of workers to collapse ; and with it , his complex of interdependent aims : the assumption by the union of the ownership and control of industry ; the adoption by the union of the co-operative form of organisation as the instrument of ownership and control ; and hence the establishment , even before political democracy , of a comprehensive and integral system of industrial democracy .

The Pioneers did not ‘ attempt to carry it on as part of their own activities under the control of the general body of members ’ .
the pioneers did not ‘ [try] to carry it on as part of their own activities under the control of the general body of members ’ .

So , to the conclusion that the Pioneers ' attempt to establish Producers ' Co-operation was structurally mishandled , we may now add something more .
so , to the conclusion that the pioneers ' [try] to establish producers ' co-operation was structurally mishandled , we may now add something more .

However that may be , Marxists are said to regard the theory of rent as ‘ a quaint attempt to bypass the analysis of capitalism as a dynamic system propelled forward by its own internal contradictions ’ .
however that may be , marxists are said to regard the theory of rent as ‘ a quaint [try] to bypass the analysis of capitalism as a dynamic system propelled forward by its own internal contradictions ’ .

If however the attempted rescues were purely an ill-judged attempt to preserve employment , we need only resolve not to make the same mistake again .
if however the attempted rescues were purely an ill-judged [try] to preserve employment , we need only resolve not to make the same mistake again .

In certain dispute resolution processes , for example mediation , conciliation and enquiry , a third party assists the parties in resolving the dispute , but that person 's function is to attempt to focus the parties ' interest in its resolution , not to widen its parameters beyond their concerns .
in certain dispute resolution processes , for example mediation , conciliation and enquiry , a third party assists the parties in resolving the dispute , but that person 's function is to [try] to focus the parties ' interest in its resolution , not to widen its parameters beyond their concerns .

This Part will examine the topic of treaties and third parties in an attempt to determine the circumstances in which international law accommodates the interests of third parties , and the reasoning by which this is done .
this part will examine the topic of treaties and third parties in an [try] to determine the circumstances in which international law accommodates the interests of third parties , and the reasoning by which this is done .

These two States have undertaken by treaty to accept the obligations contained in another treaty to which they are third parties , in recognition that any attempt at a lasting settlement is unlikely to succeed without their co-operation .
these two states have undertaken by treaty to accept the obligations contained in another treaty to which they are third parties , in recognition that any [try] at a lasting settlement is unlikely to succeed without their co-operation .

The United States attempt to modify its own declaration in April 1984 was an implicit acknowledgment that it believed Nicaragua to have a valid declaration .
the united states [try] to modify its own declaration in april 1984 was an implicit acknowledgment that it believed nicaragua to have a valid declaration .

The building had two front doors , side by side , one for each house , and the steps up to each door were not divided ; an urn full of some kind of greenery stood in the middle of the steps , but there was no attempt at distinction .
the building had two front doors , side by side , one for each house , and the steps up to each door were not divided ; an urn full of some kind of greenery stood in the middle of the steps , but there was no [try] at distinction .

He wore African clothes , his room was an African shrine and he made no attempt to befriend any of the British students .
he wore african clothes , his room was an african shrine and he made no [try] to befriend any of the british students .

Each attempt had ended in failure .
each [try] had ended in failure .

The oak table ( 7x3ft ) and chairs are another attempt to create simple forms , this time geometric , that explore the interrelationship of shapes in a dynamic way .
the oak table ( 7x3ft ) and chairs are another [try] to create simple forms , this time geometric , that explore the interrelationship of shapes in a dynamic way .

We are going to attempt the head and neck parts for a medium-sized rocking horse ( fig .
we are going to [try] the head and neck parts for a medium-sized rocking horse ( fig .

Since about 1938 Ho had been in China , first at the communist headquarters in Yenan then , apparently , with Chinese Nationalist forces , finally in Kwangsi and Yunnan which were close enough for him to attempt to resume contact with the Party inside Vietnam .
since about 1938 ho had been in china , first at the communist headquarters in yenan then , apparently , with chinese nationalist forces , finally in kwangsi and yunnan which were close enough for him to [try] to resume contact with the party inside vietnam .

The attempt by Frenchmen to seize a Chinese junk carrying what was considered to be a cargo of contraband fuel , and their ensuing capture by Vietminh militia , was an unlikely incident to trigger a war and falls , no doubt , into Aristotle 's category of trivial occasions .
the [try] by frenchmen to seize a chinese junk carrying what was considered to be a cargo of contraband fuel , and their ensuing capture by vietminh militia , was an unlikely incident to trigger a war and falls , no doubt , into aristotle 's category of trivial occasions .

They tried to give us to our ancient enemies in 1912 , 1974 , 1985 and now we 've had the ‘ Brooke initiative ’ which was another attempt by Westminster to be rid of us .
they tried to give us to our ancient enemies in 1912 , 1974 , 1985 and now we 've had the ‘ brooke initiative ’ which was another [try] by westminster to be rid of us .

The less knowledgeable may attempt to forestall it or remove the child 's attention from it .
the less knowledgeable may [try] to forestall it or remove the child 's attention from it .

We might begin by asking ourselves just what is a sexual problem : we may find the term a difficult one to define , and even more so if we attempt to assess the magnitude of the problem in any given situation or individual .
we might begin by asking ourselves just what is a sexual problem : we may find the term a difficult one to define , and even more so if we [try] to assess the magnitude of the problem in any given situation or individual .

Whether he or she is welcome or not in the situation ( and , according to circumstance and the individual part of each member in it , the `` Welfare `` will be seen as a saving and succouring agency , an interfering nuisance or an outright threat ) , the social worker is usually seen as in a position of some power — as in a position to alter the situation or at least to make some expert attempt to alter it .
whether he or she is welcome or not in the situation ( and , according to circumstance and the individual part of each member in it , the `` welfare `` will be seen as a saving and succouring agency , an interfering nuisance or an outright threat ) , the social worker is usually seen as in a position of some power — as in a position to alter the situation or at least to make some expert [try] to alter it .

But by 1878 matters had reached the stage where it was necessary to revise the Statutes , in an attempt to halt the decline in numbers .
but by 1878 matters had reached the stage where it was necessary to revise the statutes , in an [try] to halt the decline in numbers .

The new life turned into marriage , my birth and an attempt to start a business with some of his demob money ; he and his brother rented shop premises to sell painting and decorating materials .
the new life turned into marriage , my birth and an [try] to start a business with some of his demob money ; he and his brother rented shop premises to sell painting and decorating materials .

It was then that the nobleman managed to throw himself over his confessor in a heroic attempt to protect him .
it was then that the nobleman managed to throw himself over his confessor in a heroic [try] to protect him .

It was this policy he now resorted to in an attempt to win Martha back .
it was this policy he now resorted to in an [try] to win martha back .

It never failed to amaze her that men should even attempt to tell such transparent lies .
it never failed to amaze her that men should even [try] to tell such transparent lies .

Gradually , he led her through the centuries to later years , years that brought about the attempt to overthrow the Faith by the English under Henry , and of the increasingly repressive measures that had been taken by the Lord Deputies under Elizabeth in the last fifteen years .
gradually , he led her through the centuries to later years , years that brought about the [try] to overthrow the faith by the english under henry , and of the increasingly repressive measures that had been taken by the lord deputies under elizabeth in the last fifteen years .

The effect Jennifer had on him was so obvious that Ann was amazed he made no attempt to disguise it .
the effect jennifer had on him was so obvious that ann was amazed he made no [try] to disguise it .

The attempt to legislate on what was essentially moral behaviour proved a disaster , though it lasted until reversed by the 21st Amendment in 1933 .
the [try] to legislate on what was essentially moral behaviour proved a disaster , though it lasted until reversed by the 21st amendment in 1933 .

The Republicans had committed themselves in 1920 to remaining outside the League of Nations , and there was no serious attempt to reverse this policy subsequently .
the republicans had committed themselves in 1920 to remaining outside the league of nations , and there was no serious [try] to reverse this policy subsequently .

Surplus crops in wheat , cotton and wool were bought up by government-financed Stabilization Corporations , in an attempt to keep up prices in these commodities .
surplus crops in wheat , cotton and wool were bought up by government-financed stabilization corporations , in an [try] to keep up prices in these commodities .

This was mainly the result of the action taken by Roosevelt shortly after his second inauguration : his attempt to reform the Supreme Court .
this was mainly the result of the action taken by roosevelt shortly after his second inauguration : his [try] to reform the supreme court .

There was no attempt , as there had been in 1919 , to withdraw from a world role .
there was no [try] , as there had been in 1919 , to withdraw from a world role .

An attempt by black students to enter the all-white Central High School in Little Rock was forcibly prevented by state troopers under orders from Governor Orval Faubus .
an [try] by black students to enter the all-white central high school in little rock was forcibly prevented by state troopers under orders from governor orval faubus .

Not until the final year of Eisenhower 's presidency was there a further attempt at summit diplomacy .
not until the final year of eisenhower 's presidency was there a further [try] at summit diplomacy .

In his farewell address to the American people in January 1961 , Eisenhower warned against any attempt to seek some `` miraculous solution `` to the difficulties the world faced .
in his farewell address to the american people in january 1961 , eisenhower warned against any [try] to seek some `` miraculous solution `` to the difficulties the world faced .

In secret he extended the raids into Cambodia in an attempt to interrupt the flow of men and supplies from North Vietnam ( the Vietcong had long used the Ho Chi Minh trail through Cambodia for this purpose ) .
in secret he extended the raids into cambodia in an [try] to interrupt the flow of men and supplies from north vietnam ( the vietcong had long used the ho chi minh trail through cambodia for this purpose ) .

In a last desperate attempt to free himself of investigation , Nixon dismissed the special prosecutor Cox in October 1973 .
in a last desperate [try] to free himself of investigation , nixon dismissed the special prosecutor cox in october 1973 .

President Carter displayed considerable restraint in the crisis until an attempt was made in April 1980 to rescue the hostages by force .
president carter displayed considerable restraint in the crisis until an [try] was made in april 1980 to rescue the hostages by force .

Soon after taking office Reagan won much popular sympathy when he was shot and wounded in an assassination attempt .
soon after taking office reagan won much popular sympathy when he was shot and wounded in an assassination [try] .

Battery and fuel switches were turned off either just before or after ground impact and an attempt was made to close the thrust levers , but these would not move .
battery and fuel switches were turned off either just before or after ground impact and an [try] was made to close the thrust levers , but these would not move .

We shall not attempt to deal with the full problem of multiple equal eigenvalues ; it will be sufficient in general to consider the case of two equal roots 1 = 2 as typical .
we shall not [try] to deal with the full problem of multiple equal eigenvalues ; it will be sufficient in general to consider the case of two equal roots 1 = 2 as typical .

[ William Golding , The Inheritors ] It requires careful attention to realize that here we are seeing , through the uncomprehending mind of Lok , a man 's attempt to shoot him with an arrow .
[ william golding , the inheritors ] it requires careful attention to realize that here we are seeing , through the uncomprehending mind of lok , a man 's [try] to shoot him with an arrow .

We shall not attempt a detailed account of linguistic categories in this book , but will use as far as possible those which are well enough known not to need explanation in terms of some linguistic theory .
we shall not [try] a detailed account of linguistic categories in this book , but will use as far as possible those which are well enough known not to need explanation in terms of some linguistic theory .

Every analysis of style , in our terms , is an attempt to find the artistic principles underlying a writer 's choice of language .
every analysis of style , in our terms , is an [try] to find the artistic principles underlying a writer 's choice of language .

But his fictional world defies common sense , and frustrates any attempt to separate linguistic means from fictional ends .
but his fictional world defies common sense , and frustrates any [try] to separate linguistic means from fictional ends .

For all that , the teacher can hardly be absolved from the attempt to clarify his own mind .
for all that , the teacher can hardly be absolved from the [try] to clarify his own mind .

If we can never be certain that we have stated every objective we might have , in the clearest form , and with the most practical means of testing whether it has been achieved , this does not mean that we abandon the attempt or that to try one 's best under the circumstances is not a helpful activity .
if we can never be certain that we have stated every objective we might have , in the clearest form , and with the most practical means of testing whether it has been achieved , this does not mean that we abandon the [try] or that to try one 's best under the circumstances is not a helpful activity .

As far as personnel are concerned , every attempt will be made to refer to them according to skills , professions or areas of activity ( e.g .
as far as personnel are concerned , every [try] will be made to refer to them according to skills , professions or areas of activity ( e.g .

In particular , organization must avoid a common error , which Evans again picks on with much justification , the attempt `` to provide a superstructure of provision without securing the foundations of demand . ``
in particular , organization must avoid a common error , which evans again picks on with much justification , the [try] `` to provide a superstructure of provision without securing the foundations of demand . ``

When Dyer , Brown and Goldstein ( 1970 ) were writing their book in the later 19605 , there was very little practice to guide their comments on non-book media , which were therefore very general , but the importance was recognized and the book made a brave , if insufficient , attempt at a new educational basis for a library programme .
when dyer , brown and goldstein ( 1970 ) were writing their book in the later 19605 , there was very little practice to guide their comments on non-book media , which were therefore very general , but the importance was recognized and the book made a brave , if insufficient , [try] at a new educational basis for a library programme .

Control of the terms chosen for the headings list ( what is technically called the `` thesaurus `` ) is of crucial importance if the coordinate index is to attempt to provide a service over the whole field of knowledge , and if it is to provide the depth of service that is technically feasible .
control of the terms chosen for the headings list ( what is technically called the `` thesaurus `` ) is of crucial importance if the coordinate index is to [try] to provide a service over the whole field of knowledge , and if it is to provide the depth of service that is technically feasible .

Succeeding chapters will therefore address themselves to at least a beginning attempt at this task .
succeeding chapters will therefore address themselves to at least a beginning [try] at this task .

What is offered is not the results of detailed observation and validation , but an attempt to argue out from a comparison of , on the one hand , declared principles and objectives , and on the other hand , personal experience and published accounts , the fuller implications of resource-based learning in practice .
what is offered is not the results of detailed observation and validation , but an [try] to argue out from a comparison of , on the one hand , declared principles and objectives , and on the other hand , personal experience and published accounts , the fuller implications of resource-based learning in practice .

What is well documented is that any attempt to prepare enquiry and discovery activities based on the pupil 's own interests and starting points will most frequently and helpfully lead to thematic work , breaking out of the narrow specialisms of the traditional timetable . ``
what is well documented is that any [try] to prepare enquiry and discovery activities based on the pupil 's own interests and starting points will most frequently and helpfully lead to thematic work , breaking out of the narrow specialisms of the traditional timetable . ``

Space is often one of the most limiting factors in any attempt to create a genuinely open-ended learning situation , and planning for its most effective use puts heavy demands on the imagination and organizing ability of teachers and administrators .
space is often one of the most limiting factors in any [try] to create a genuinely open-ended learning situation , and planning for its most effective use puts heavy demands on the imagination and organizing ability of teachers and administrators .

All who are going to attempt thrombolysis will need a check list .
all who are going to [try] thrombolysis will need a check list .

Cardiac rehabilitation is an attempt to counter all the various kinds of disablement which patients meet after myocardial infarction .
cardiac rehabilitation is an [try] to counter all the various kinds of disablement which patients meet after myocardial infarction .

Many managers attempt to escape the risk .
many managers [try] to escape the risk .

The real failures are those who give up and do n't attempt to succeed at all after the first setback .
the real failures are those who give up and do n't [try] to succeed at all after the first setback .

The last thing he 'll do is attempt to show them tip .
the last thing he 'll do is [try] to show them tip .

Do not attempt to broaden your boundaries by becoming an expert in everything .
do not [try] to broaden your boundaries by becoming an expert in everything .

They become confused about their role and sometimes attempt to take on that of managers themselves .
they become confused about their role and sometimes [try] to take on that of managers themselves .

The last thing any board should attempt to do is manage , which is just as well , because most board members are totally incompetent as managers .
the last thing any board should [try] to do is manage , which is just as well , because most board members are totally incompetent as managers .

If a board is unhappy with the profit progress being made , it should change the management rather than attempt to do the managing itself .
if a board is unhappy with the profit progress being made , it should change the management rather than [try] to do the managing itself .

In fact , people buy the real thing , so do n't attempt to divorce your products from this reality .
in fact , people buy the real thing , so do n't [try] to divorce your products from this reality .

In February 1912 the majority was down to fifty or sixty ; in June the Unionists made their first real attempt to `` snap `` the government and got the majority down to twenty-two .
in february 1912 the majority was down to fifty or sixty ; in june the unionists made their first real [try] to `` snap `` the government and got the majority down to twenty-two .

The Boer War brought the first murmurs of coalitionism , a sense of national crisis brought the first attempt to form a coalition , and the advent of the First World War made it a practical possibility .
the boer war brought the first murmurs of coalitionism , a sense of national crisis brought the first [try] to form a coalition , and the advent of the first world war made it a practical possibility .

but many in the party refused even to attempt the transition .
but many in the party refused even to [try] the transition .

for the attempt at fusion took place just a month before the post-war boom began to collapse .
for the [try] at fusion took place just a month before the post-war boom began to collapse .

The result of this will probably be not to attempt any real fusion of the Parties but to get cooperation .
the result of this will probably be not to [try] any real fusion of the parties but to get cooperation .

Yes , if you allow conditions to continue as at present you will find a deliberate attempt is being made to assassinate the Conservative Party . ``
yes , if you allow conditions to continue as at present you will find a deliberate [try] is being made to assassinate the conservative party . ``

They had regarded it rightly or wrongly as a wangle and as an attempt to ally capitalist forces against the worker . ``
they had regarded it rightly or wrongly as a wangle and as an [try] to ally capitalist forces against the worker . ``

One promising line of further reconnaissance involved the attempt to find a fundamental role for waves where no one had previously supposed they were relevant .
one promising line of further reconnaissance involved the [try] to find a fundamental role for waves where no one had previously supposed they were relevant .

However when we attempt to unpack what is involved in measurement and to see how its discontinuity is consistent with the Schrödinger equation , then the puzzles and disputes to which quantum mechanics is heir become apparent .
however when we [try] to unpack what is involved in measurement and to see how its discontinuity is consistent with the schrödinger equation , then the puzzles and disputes to which quantum mechanics is heir become apparent .

Heisenberg 's relation [ 2 ] enforces upon us a choice if we wish to attempt a description of physics in terms of exact quantities .
heisenberg 's relation [ 2 ] enforces upon us a choice if we wish to [try] a description of physics in terms of exact quantities .

These experiments are difficult , but the interest in the outcome is sufficiently high for a number of careful experimental groups to have been encouraged to make the attempt .
these experiments are difficult , but the interest in the outcome is sufficiently high for a number of careful experimental groups to have been encouraged to make the [try] .

As MacPherson has argued , the elevation of the vernacular language and literature within higher education was an attempt to sustain the notion of a `` liberal education `` in the face of tendencies towards academic specialization on the one hand , and the dwindling popularity of classics on the other .
as macpherson has argued , the elevation of the vernacular language and literature within higher education was an [try] to sustain the notion of a `` liberal education `` in the face of tendencies towards academic specialization on the one hand , and the dwindling popularity of classics on the other .

In the course of the next two decades Oxford and Cambridge became involved in what one of the Cambridge extension lecturers described as an attempt to provide `` University Education for the Whole Nation by an itinerant system connected with the Old Universities `` .
in the course of the next two decades oxford and cambridge became involved in what one of the cambridge extension lecturers described as an [try] to provide `` university education for the whole nation by an itinerant system connected with the old universities `` .

Teachers of literature must avoid any attempt to become `` living representatives of all the mighty dead `` .
teachers of literature must avoid any [try] to become `` living representatives of all the mighty dead `` .

In the context of the history of English studies , the Report can best be understood as an attempt to develop a strategy which would effectively link state concerns with those of a wider movement within civil society .
in the context of the history of english studies , the report can best be understood as an [try] to develop a strategy which would effectively link state concerns with those of a wider movement within civil society .

In both cases the combined efforts of state functionaries , professionals , and selected volunteers from the `` community `` were instrumental in shaping quasi-state institutions ( often called `` quasi-autonomous , non-governmental organizations `` , or `` quangos `` ) Furthermore , a discourse on `` art `` was a central factor for the work of the Newbolt Committee — in their attempt to formulate a strategy for national cultural unity .
in both cases the combined efforts of state functionaries , professionals , and selected volunteers from the `` community `` were instrumental in shaping quasi-state institutions ( often called `` quasi-autonomous , non-governmental organizations `` , or `` quangos `` ) furthermore , a discourse on `` art `` was a central factor for the work of the newbolt committee — in their [try] to formulate a strategy for national cultural unity .

It would be premature , and indeed impertinent , if we were to attempt to lay down in any detail the lines of a perfect `` School `` of English .
it would be premature , and indeed impertinent , if we were to [try] to lay down in any detail the lines of a perfect `` school `` of english .

However , contributors to the Review were largely unwilling to go so far as to attempt to specify the nature of artistic quality in general , despite the fact that their own capacity to decide which texts were of sufficient interest in themselves to justify study depended upon recognizing such quality .
however , contributors to the review were largely unwilling to go so far as to [try] to specify the nature of artistic quality in general , despite the fact that their own capacity to decide which texts were of sufficient interest in themselves to justify study depended upon recognizing such quality .

Finally , much work of research and exposition during the period had been devoted to an attempt to recover in full what each author meant through exhaustive biography , critical survey , and detailed examination of the author 's particular achievement .
finally , much work of research and exposition during the period had been devoted to an [try] to recover in full what each author meant through exhaustive biography , critical survey , and detailed examination of the author 's particular achievement .

It is essential for Knights that the discipline should attempt to relate the past , present , and future on an appropriately scholarly basis .
it is essential for knights that the discipline should [try] to relate the past , present , and future on an appropriately scholarly basis .

One approach was to attempt to revise the idea of a liberal education so that it might provide guidance as to the proper application of science within society .
one approach was to [try] to revise the idea of a liberal education so that it might provide guidance as to the proper application of science within society .

For Bateson the operative principle of democracy is `` a balance or reconciliation of opposite or discordant qualities , In fact , this might be taken as a most apposite description of his own attempt at building a new consensus for English .
for bateson the operative principle of democracy is `` a balance or reconciliation of opposite or discordant qualities , in fact , this might be taken as a most apposite description of his own [try] at building a new consensus for english .

As will be seen , any attempt to question such assumptions was likely to raise the question , sometimes in quite an explosive form , as to whether the study could be authorized as `` English `` at all .
as will be seen , any [try] to question such assumptions was likely to raise the question , sometimes in quite an explosive form , as to whether the study could be authorized as `` english `` at all .

Here again there is an attempt at finding more flexible modes of negotiation between the tradition of `` literary culture `` and contemporary student experience : `` My motives also included a more protestant kind of regression , to reestablish links between literary culture — cherished and transmitted by an elite of abstract expertise — and experience . ``
here again there is an [try] at finding more flexible modes of negotiation between the tradition of `` literary culture `` and contemporary student experience : `` my motives also included a more protestant kind of regression , to reestablish links between literary culture — cherished and transmitted by an elite of abstract expertise — and experience . ``

On the heels of a serious coup attempt against the Venezuelan government on 4 February , the authorities imposed severe censorship on all newspapers and all radio and television networks .
on the heels of a serious coup [try] against the venezuelan government on 4 february , the authorities imposed severe censorship on all newspapers and all radio and television networks .

We express our solidarity with you and your government at this difficult time , and congratulate your fortitude and courage in withstanding the coup attempt .
we express our solidarity with you and your government at this difficult time , and congratulate your fortitude and courage in withstanding the coup [try] .

Since the coup attempt on 3 February , your government has suspended the constitutional right to the freedom of expression of thought without prior censorship .
since the coup [try] on 3 february , your government has suspended the constitutional right to the freedom of expression of thought without prior censorship .

‘ Boundaries that attempt to protect life and its development are at the root of the Ten Commandments .
‘ boundaries that [try] to protect life and its development are at the root of the ten commandments .

At the same time we attempt to listen carefully to the voices of the marginalised minorities in our culture .
at the same time we [try] to listen carefully to the voices of the marginalised minorities in our culture .

The Model School is seen as an attempt to implement the successful education programme that the Open School operates , into a full-time , fully fledged inner city school .
the model school is seen as an [try] to implement the successful education programme that the open school operates , into a full-time , fully fledged inner city school .

In an address on ‘ The Cultural Environment and Media Education ’ , Professor George Gerbner of the Annenberg School of Communication in Philadelphia also stressed the need to gain a genuine , unblinkered understanding of the world before any attempt is made to engage in or to teach communication .
in an address on ‘ the cultural environment and media education ’ , professor george gerbner of the annenberg school of communication in philadelphia also stressed the need to gain a genuine , unblinkered understanding of the world before any [try] is made to engage in or to teach communication .

The Venezuelan authorities have officially lifted the censorship measures imposed throughout the nation following last February 's coup attempt against the government .
the venezuelan authorities have officially lifted the censorship measures imposed throughout the nation following last february 's coup [try] against the government .

‘ The truth is that the station was meeting its obligation to cover the views of representatives of legal opposition parties , as well as of the families of military officials detained after the coup attempt , ’ said Mauricio Brunner , Coordinator of Centro Guarura .
‘ the truth is that the station was meeting its obligation to cover the views of representatives of legal opposition parties , as well as of the families of military officials detained after the coup [try] , ’ said mauricio brunner , coordinator of centro guarura .

If it 's too low , you 'll attempt a diving header .
if it 's too low , you 'll [try] a diving header .

As soon as you get the ball you just run at the goal , the opposition making no attempt to stop you !
as soon as you get the ball you just run at the goal , the opposition making no [try] to stop you !

Only Sotheby 's New York attempt to get large works into the building and even they are sometimes reduced to ‘ displaying ’ major lots on the pavement outside .
only sotheby 's new york [try] to get large works into the building and even they are sometimes reduced to ‘ displaying ’ major lots on the pavement outside .

Sohail was taken at slip off a weak cut attempt , and Yorkshire-born Neil Mallender , 30 , Northants 1980–86 , Somerset 1987 to date , Otago 1983 to date , had his first Test wicket in his seventh over .
sohail was taken at slip off a weak cut [try] , and yorkshire-born neil mallender , 30 , northants 1980–86 , somerset 1987 to date , otago 1983 to date , had his first test wicket in his seventh over .

Little attempt , until quite recently has been made to relate all this material to the site-stratification , or to consider the social and economic evidence these artefacts could give us if related to particular periods or parts of the site .
little [try] , until quite recently has been made to relate all this material to the site-stratification , or to consider the social and economic evidence these artefacts could give us if related to particular periods or parts of the site .

At the same time , she was at pains to attempt a type series from the site , an idea started hopefully by Bushe-Fox at Wroxeter .
at the same time , she was at pains to [try] a type series from the site , an idea started hopefully by bushe-fox at wroxeter .

It is not the purpose of this paper to attempt to redress this historical balance , there are others at work already far better qualified to do this .
it is not the purpose of this paper to [try] to redress this historical balance , there are others at work already far better qualified to do this .

Only when this has been done , can any serious attempt be made to analyse any crucial stratified groups from civil or military sites , since we have no knowledge of the origins of the pottery , nor can we give a proper scientific description of the fabrics .
only when this has been done , can any serious [try] be made to analyse any crucial stratified groups from civil or military sites , since we have no knowledge of the origins of the pottery , nor can we give a proper scientific description of the fabrics .

It introduced an attempt to assess the truth of the often reiterated statement that the Great Barbarian Conspiracy of 367 virtually destroyed the villa system in Britain .
it introduced an [try] to assess the truth of the often reiterated statement that the great barbarian conspiracy of 367 virtually destroyed the villa system in britain .

The examination of the evidence from villas was not as thorough as one would have liked , as in most cases it comes from old accounts and is of extremely poor quality , with very little attempt , if any , at a stratigraphical analysis .
the examination of the evidence from villas was not as thorough as one would have liked , as in most cases it comes from old accounts and is of extremely poor quality , with very little [try] , if any , at a stratigraphical analysis .

This last piece of evidence was regarded by Sir Ian Richmond as a necessary attempt by a Christian owner to counteract any remaining pagan influence .
this last piece of evidence was regarded by sir ian richmond as a necessary [try] by a christian owner to counteract any remaining pagan influence .

The excavator noted that domestic rubbish had been tipped inside the precinct because , either it had become a convenient dumping ground , or there had been an attempt at deliberate desecration , as happened at a later date in the orchestra of the Verulamium temple theatre .
the excavator noted that domestic rubbish had been tipped inside the precinct because , either it had become a convenient dumping ground , or there had been an [try] at deliberate desecration , as happened at a later date in the orchestra of the verulamium temple theatre .

It is a quite deliberate attempt to depaganise the site by someone who wished to use it for other functions .
it is a quite deliberate [try] to depaganise the site by someone who wished to use it for other functions .

Although some progress has since been made by the meticulous work of the late Sir Ian Richmond and Roger Goodburn , it has been on too small a scale to support any attempt at a chronology of the history of the site .
although some progress has since been made by the meticulous work of the late sir ian richmond and roger goodburn , it has been on too small a scale to support any [try] at a chronology of the history of the site .

The provincial spectacles were always on a much smaller scale since governors and wealthy patrons could never attempt to emulate the extravagant shows in Rome for fear of arousing the suspicious jealousy of the reigning Emperor .
the provincial spectacles were always on a much smaller scale since governors and wealthy patrons could never [try] to emulate the extravagant shows in rome for fear of arousing the suspicious jealousy of the reigning emperor .

It is an attempt to preserve the special protections for public bodies contained in Order 53 while at the same time limiting the application of those protections to cases where they are necessary and suitable .
it is an [try] to preserve the special protections for public bodies contained in order 53 while at the same time limiting the application of those protections to cases where they are necessary and suitable .

Piero Manzoni , Catalogue Raisonné is the fruit of the critical activity and historical and technical research conducted by Galleria Blu over twenty-five years in an attempt to reconstruct the truth by separating facts from hypotheses and interpretation .
piero manzoni , catalogue raisonné is the fruit of the critical activity and historical and technical research conducted by galleria blu over twenty-five years in an [try] to reconstruct the truth by separating facts from hypotheses and interpretation .

However , in an interview with Dutch television on 1 October , the Russian Minister for Culture and Tourism , Yevgeniy Sidorov , did say that the drawings had been ‘ found ’ on Russian soil , and that an invitation had been issued to the Dutch ambassador to come and ‘ verify ’ the collection , which was probably moved last year to the monastery of Pavloviy Posad ( formerly Zagorsk ) in an attempt by the Pushkin museum 's authorities to save their reputations after repeated accusations had been made against them both by Russians and the Dutch .
however , in an interview with dutch television on 1 october , the russian minister for culture and tourism , yevgeniy sidorov , did say that the drawings had been ‘ found ’ on russian soil , and that an invitation had been issued to the dutch ambassador to come and ‘ verify ’ the collection , which was probably moved last year to the monastery of pavloviy posad ( formerly zagorsk ) in an [try] by the pushkin museum 's authorities to save their reputations after repeated accusations had been made against them both by russians and the dutch .

An interesting para-literary attempt by the Assistant Professor of Comparative Literature at the University of Leiden to re-examine Bacon 's work using the notions of ‘ narrativity ’ , the metaphors of the mirror and lamp in western iconography , death , the loss of self , and masculinity .
an interesting para-literary [try] by the assistant professor of comparative literature at the university of leiden to re-examine bacon 's work using the notions of ‘ narrativity ’ , the metaphors of the mirror and lamp in western iconography , death , the loss of self , and masculinity .

For the sake of individual autonomy , liberals attempt to establish a political system which defers to each person 's chosen way of life rather than one which imposes a conception of the virtuous life upon everyone .
for the sake of individual autonomy , liberals [try] to establish a political system which defers to each person 's chosen way of life rather than one which imposes a conception of the virtuous life upon everyone .

It is a central thesis of this essay that the attempt to reconcile the enforcement of contracts with liberal principles has led to the formation of two dominant views of the content of the law of contract .
it is a central thesis of this essay that the [try] to reconcile the enforcement of contracts with liberal principles has led to the formation of two dominant views of the content of the law of contract .

Some choice theorists attempt a reconciliation with this legal doctrine by purporting to show that consideration provides a test of the deliberateness of a choice rather than an imposition of a paternalistic or economically motivated control over the scope of enforceable voluntary obligations .
some choice theorists [try] a reconciliation with this legal doctrine by purporting to show that consideration provides a test of the deliberateness of a choice rather than an imposition of a paternalistic or economically motivated control over the scope of enforceable voluntary obligations .

But the attempt to assure us that directors are controlled by their shareholders must fail , for no matter how far the law goes in strengthening the powers conferred upon shareholders to monitor the managers of their company the reality is that where each shareholder only holds a tiny proportion of the share capital of the company none of the shareholders will avail themselves of the powers given to them to monitor the management .
but the [try] to assure us that directors are controlled by their shareholders must fail , for no matter how far the law goes in strengthening the powers conferred upon shareholders to monitor the managers of their company the reality is that where each shareholder only holds a tiny proportion of the share capital of the company none of the shareholders will avail themselves of the powers given to them to monitor the management .

The attempt to revitalize shareholder democracy in this fashion is doomed to failure in the large public company .
the [try] to revitalize shareholder democracy in this fashion is doomed to failure in the large public company .

The difficulty encountered by the expertise theory in trying to demonstrate the legitimacy of corporate managerial power by showing that there are restraints on the discretion of the managers stems from its attempt to combine a deference to the judgments of business managers with an insistence that corporate managers are subject to fiduciary duties that prevent them from exercising their power for their own purposes or for other non-corporate ends .
the difficulty encountered by the expertise theory in trying to demonstrate the legitimacy of corporate managerial power by showing that there are restraints on the discretion of the managers stems from its [try] to combine a deference to the judgments of business managers with an insistence that corporate managers are subject to fiduciary duties that prevent them from exercising their power for their own purposes or for other non-corporate ends .

The legal model 's attempt to equate corporate managers with ordinary entrepreneurs acting so as to maximize the profits of the company should be recognized for what it is — a failure .
the legal model 's [try] to equate corporate managers with ordinary entrepreneurs acting so as to maximize the profits of the company should be recognized for what it is — a failure .

It abandons any attempt to design market or internal controls over managers to ensure that their discretion is only exercised in the interests of shareholders .
it abandons any [try] to design market or internal controls over managers to ensure that their discretion is only exercised in the interests of shareholders .

Nonetheless there is a tendency within the academic establishment to regard the exposition of the black-letter law and the exhaustive analyses of concepts as the totality of the concerns of the academic criminal lawyer ; indeed one may speak of an attempt , conscious or otherwise , to distort the data to fit the expositor 's ideal .
nonetheless there is a tendency within the academic establishment to regard the exposition of the black-letter law and the exhaustive analyses of concepts as the totality of the concerns of the academic criminal lawyer ; indeed one may speak of an [try] , conscious or otherwise , to distort the data to fit the expositor 's ideal .

Consequently , we should not attempt to frame our legal rules with the precision of a logician 's statement of the conditions necessary and sufficient for a determination .
consequently , we should not [try] to frame our legal rules with the precision of a logician 's statement of the conditions necessary and sufficient for a determination .

That argument succeeded in ( David Raymond ) Smith but counsel wisely declined the House of Lords ’ invitation to attempt it in Albert v. Lavin , it being unarguable on the present state of the law that the policemanliness of the victim is a circumstance to which mens rea runs .
that argument succeeded in ( david raymond ) smith but counsel wisely declined the house of lords ’ invitation to [try] it in albert v. lavin , it being unarguable on the present state of the law that the policemanliness of the victim is a circumstance to which mens rea runs .

Huis ten Bosch is an attempt to combine leisure with a wish to teach a greater respect for the relationship between nature and culture .
huis ten bosch is an [try] to combine leisure with a wish to teach a greater respect for the relationship between nature and culture .

The fruit is the enlargement of Magritte 's known oeuvre by as many as 200 works , never previously illustrated , which Sylvester and his team have recovered from private collections , and a serious attempt to unravel that most taxing issue of the existence of different versions of the same composition and of different images which carry the same title .
the fruit is the enlargement of magritte 's known oeuvre by as many as 200 works , never previously illustrated , which sylvester and his team have recovered from private collections , and a serious [try] to unravel that most taxing issue of the existence of different versions of the same composition and of different images which carry the same title .

The whole post-war attempt to democratise culture through State subsidy has failed .
the whole post-war [try] to democratise culture through state subsidy has failed .

Thus Lightbown revives a strong argument for the mysterious ‘ Flagellation ’ in Urbino being a Sforza commission and that one of the portraits represents Francesco Sforza , Count of Pesaro ( Bertelli does not even attempt to identify the three mysterious figures in the foreground of the painting ) .
thus lightbown revives a strong argument for the mysterious ‘ flagellation ’ in urbino being a sforza commission and that one of the portraits represents francesco sforza , count of pesaro ( bertelli does not even [try] to identify the three mysterious figures in the foreground of the painting ) .

The approach may represent an attempt on Sotheby 's part to woo the ever-increasing number of bankrupt dealers to offer their stocks at auction .
the approach may represent an [try] on sotheby 's part to woo the ever-increasing number of bankrupt dealers to offer their stocks at auction .

This chapter and the next will attempt to examine the political , social and economic characteristics of the duchy of Aquitaine .
this chapter and the next will [try] to examine the political , social and economic characteristics of the duchy of aquitaine .

During the assessment phase it is very important that the client must attempt to specify any particular situations or difficulties which create problems currently and which in the past may have led to avoidance .
during the assessment phase it is very important that the client must [try] to specify any particular situations or difficulties which create problems currently and which in the past may have led to avoidance .

If you feel tired do not attempt the exercises .
if you feel tired do not [try] the exercises .

Basically these procedures attempt to teach the individual to talk to themselves in a confident and positive manner which anticipates success in the given task .
basically these procedures [try] to teach the individual to talk to themselves in a confident and positive manner which anticipates success in the given task .

Attempt to maintain your ideal body weight .
[try] to maintain your ideal body weight .

This chapter will attempt to convey some of our experiences , as well as describing a structured group programme .
this chapter will [try] to convey some of our experiences , as well as describing a structured group programme .

Homework — self-monitoring — relaxation — attempt to carry out disclosed behavioural target .
homework — self-monitoring — relaxation — [try] to carry out disclosed behavioural target .

Homework — complete hierarchy — attempt to carry out disclosed behavioural target .
homework — complete hierarchy — [try] to carry out disclosed behavioural target .

Homework attempt to carry out disclosed behavioural target — work out ‘ Individual Self Statement Card ’ .
homework [try] to carry out disclosed behavioural target — work out ‘ individual self statement card ’ .

Homework — attempt to carry out disclosed behavioural target .
homework — [try] to carry out disclosed behavioural target .

Homework — attempt disclosed assertiveness task .
homework — [try] disclosed assertiveness task .

Homework — attempt specific behaviour task .
homework — [try] specific behaviour task .

‘ During the time we had the picture in our possession , in an attempt to keep it off the international art market we consulted the criminal police , and attempted to put the picture on the index of important works of art which can not leave Germany .
‘ during the time we had the picture in our possession , in an [try] to keep it off the international art market we consulted the criminal police , and attempted to put the picture on the index of important works of art which can not leave germany .

An earlier attempt had been withdrawn immediately after the 19 October 1987 Wall Street crash .
an earlier [try] had been withdrawn immediately after the 19 october 1987 wall street crash .

Speaking to The Art Newspaper , Mr Ray Harding , the New York attorney formerly representing Yugoslavia and now Croatia , expressed his firm conviction that Sotheby 's attempt to withdraw from proceedings at the stage is premature and should not be allowed until the pre-trial discovery process has been completed .
speaking to the art newspaper , mr ray harding , the new york attorney formerly representing yugoslavia and now croatia , expressed his firm conviction that sotheby 's [try] to withdraw from proceedings at the stage is premature and should not be allowed until the pre-trial discovery process has been completed .

Clearly the auction house feels that in the light of new revelations about the treasure 's origins , its manner of acquisition and details of falsified export licenses , any attempt to offer it at auction would be bound to result in failure and would not redound to the auction house 's credit .
clearly the auction house feels that in the light of new revelations about the treasure 's origins , its manner of acquisition and details of falsified export licenses , any [try] to offer it at auction would be bound to result in failure and would not redound to the auction house 's credit .

Why then attempt to patch up an old overall as if one were repairing a sumptuous evening dress ?
why then [try] to patch up an old overall as if one were repairing a sumptuous evening dress ?

We refuse to accept the human and inevitable tragedy of aging , even in the case of contemporary art , which we condemn to an unwanted permanence , despite its attempt to go the way of all flesh .
we refuse to accept the human and inevitable tragedy of aging , even in the case of contemporary art , which we condemn to an unwanted permanence , despite its [try] to go the way of all flesh .

This chapter is not a systematic analysis of the areas of women 's invisibility in sociology ; rather , it is an attempt to suggest some of the areas and ways in which it is manifested , some of the reasons why it occurs , and why , from the point of view of sociology ( and women ) it matters .
this chapter is not a systematic analysis of the areas of women 's invisibility in sociology ; rather , it is an [try] to suggest some of the areas and ways in which it is manifested , some of the reasons why it occurs , and why , from the point of view of sociology ( and women ) it matters .

Even where there is some attempt to account for female/male differences in deviant behaviour , the explanation may simply resort to the simplistic notion that sex roles are generally differentiated .
even where there is some [try] to account for female/male differences in deviant behaviour , the explanation may simply resort to the simplistic notion that sex roles are generally differentiated .

However there has still been no systematic attempt to relate female deviancy to women 's situation .
however there has still been no systematic [try] to relate female deviancy to women 's situation .

These fields , in which there has been a growing attempt to eradicate sex inequality , still show the persistence of women 's domestic commitments as a barrier to equality .
these fields , in which there has been a growing [try] to eradicate sex inequality , still show the persistence of women 's domestic commitments as a barrier to equality .

They enable her to get housework done ; thinking about something else is a weapon deliberately employed in the attempt to combat boredom .
they enable her to get housework done ; thinking about something else is a weapon deliberately employed in the [try] to combat boredom .

The attempt to reverse one 's mother 's disorder is one form of rebellion , though its obverse — a general relaxation of maternal housework standards — is also possible :
the [try] to reverse one 's mother 's disorder is one form of rebellion , though its obverse — a general relaxation of maternal housework standards — is also possible :

Each one of the forty women made some attempt to complete the test , though the number of statements made varied from three to eleven , with an average of 8.03 out of the desired ten per respondent .
each one of the forty women made some [try] to complete the test , though the number of statements made varied from three to eleven , with an average of 8.03 out of the desired ten per respondent .

The only material they receive is the syndicated material which is sent out to everyone on the mailing list , and there is little attempt at placing original and exclusive material .
the only material they receive is the syndicated material which is sent out to everyone on the mailing list , and there is little [try] at placing original and exclusive material .

Any attempt to introduce the sponsor 's range of products must be low key .
any [try] to introduce the sponsor 's range of products must be low key .

Students may attempt forced economies on diet or take up casual part-time employment to balance their budgets , but you will have to assess for yourself the degree to which these actions may detract from your physical well-being and ability to study ( see also Chapter 15 on fit for studying ) .
students may [try] forced economies on diet or take up casual part-time employment to balance their budgets , but you will have to assess for yourself the degree to which these actions may detract from your physical well-being and ability to study ( see also chapter 15 on fit for studying ) .

1 . look for the main ( and secondary ) ideas ; 2. get the general shape and subject-matter clear ; and 3. do n't attempt to take notes — or mark the page !
1 . look for the main ( and secondary ) ideas ; 2. get the general shape and subject-matter clear ; and 3. do n't [try] to take notes — or mark the page !

An essay in Arts , Social Science and Business is an intellectual exercise and an aesthetic challenge : you attempt to structure your thoughts and to express your own ideas on a particular topic or question in a concise , elegant and persuasive written form .
an essay in arts , social science and business is an intellectual exercise and an aesthetic challenge : you [try] to structure your thoughts and to express your own ideas on a particular topic or question in a concise , elegant and persuasive written form .

For example , what should the government 's policy be towards First Secretary Gorbachev 's attempt at perestroika ( economic and social reconstruction within the Soviet Union ) ?
for example , what should the government 's policy be towards first secretary gorbachev 's [try] at perestroika ( economic and social reconstruction within the soviet union ) ?

Only you know which are the right questions for you to attempt . You might start by dividing the questions into three groups :
only you know which are the right questions for you to [try] . you might start by dividing the questions into three groups :

The second involves the juxtaposition of two consonants not usually placed together in an attempt to reproduce a sound peculiar to the original language ( e.g .
the second involves the juxtaposition of two consonants not usually placed together in an [try] to reproduce a sound peculiar to the original language ( e.g .

( Copies of old rugs sometimes include the original date and signature , but there is rarely any attempt to pass them off as originals ; even if there were , other indicators of age would make such deceit obvious . )
( copies of old rugs sometimes include the original date and signature , but there is rarely any [try] to pass them off as originals ; even if there were , other indicators of age would make such deceit obvious . )

The basic idea is fairly simple ; that individual shareholders , disappointed with the firm 's performance , gradually decide to sell their shares rather than attempt to surmount the free rider problem discussed earlier .
the basic idea is fairly simple ; that individual shareholders , disappointed with the firm 's performance , gradually decide to sell their shares rather than [try] to surmount the free rider problem discussed earlier .

The firm can adjust subsequent managerial salaries to reflect overconsumption of non-salary perquisites , or at least can attempt to do so based on the information available .
the firm can adjust subsequent managerial salaries to reflect overconsumption of non-salary perquisites , or at least can [try] to do so based on the information available .

The severe artificial banking was removed and in 1967 the lap was extended slightly and a chicane added near the start at Tiergarten in an attempt to slow down the circuit .
the severe artificial banking was removed and in 1967 the lap was extended slightly and a chicane added near the start at tiergarten in an [try] to slow down the circuit .

The Canadian-American Challenge Cup series of international road races in the United States and Canada was introduced in 1966 in an attempt to bring the excitement of Grand Prix racing to the North American road circuits that had sprung up .
the canadian-american challenge cup series of international road races in the united states and canada was introduced in 1966 in an [try] to bring the excitement of grand prix racing to the north american road circuits that had sprung up .

It is the lesser lights , the little twinkles from alley and shop or upstairs window that no one but himself could attempt to identify .
it is the lesser lights , the little twinkles from alley and shop or upstairs window that no one but himself could [try] to identify .

Dynamic systems attempt to recognise handwriting in real-time , i.e .
dynamic systems [try] to recognise handwriting in real-time , i.e .

There are many parameters associated with the performance of a system , and their relevance will vary according to the use of the system : some systems may be designed for single users with a particular style of writing ; others may attempt to be more generalised and therefore need training .
there are many parameters associated with the performance of a system , and their relevance will vary according to the use of the system : some systems may be designed for single users with a particular style of writing ; others may [try] to be more generalised and therefore need training .

If no direct association is found , interpretive rules are applied to attempt an indirect association , through one of the frames normally associated with the object but not yet associated with the text .
if no direct association is found , interpretive rules are applied to [try] an indirect association , through one of the frames normally associated with the object but not yet associated with the text .

However , almost exclusively , early systems have made little or no attempt to use any such knowledge beyond that of the word level ( e.g .
however , almost exclusively , early systems have made little or no [try] to use any such knowledge beyond that of the word level ( e.g .

Psychological theories of semantics have been shown to be important , since the human information processing system is the best example of a language processing system , and that such theories attempt to produce cognitive models that should be computationally implementable .
psychological theories of semantics have been shown to be important , since the human information processing system is the best example of a language processing system , and that such theories [try] to produce cognitive models that should be computationally implementable .

These theories attempt to define the method by which meanings are computed ( by people or machines ) .
these theories [try] to define the method by which meanings are computed ( by people or machines ) .

The inadequacy of the domain-specific dictionaries on these occasions reflects an attempt to constrain the highly unpredictable phenomenon of language by using too narrow a framework .
the inadequacy of the domain-specific dictionaries on these occasions reflects an [try] to constrain the highly unpredictable phenomenon of language by using too narrow a framework .

No attempt has so far been made to incorporate the two higher levels ( discourse rules and world knowledge ) within the present project .
no [try] has so far been made to incorporate the two higher levels ( discourse rules and world knowledge ) within the present project .

But he had the backing of what the chronicler calls the ‘ more foresighted ’ part of the council , and this tacit approval suggests that the argument was not simply that of an ‘ anti-Woodville ’ faction , but represented a genuine attempt to avoid rocking the political boat — an attitude in line with what is known of council policy .
but he had the backing of what the chronicler calls the ‘ more foresighted ’ part of the council , and this tacit approval suggests that the argument was not simply that of an ‘ anti-woodville ’ faction , but represented a genuine [try] to avoid rocking the political boat — an attitude in line with what is known of council policy .

Gloucester claimed that the weapons had been intended for use against him , a story that he was later to use in an attempt to have the captured Woodvilles executed , although Mancini comments that no one took it seriously .
gloucester claimed that the weapons had been intended for use against him , a story that he was later to use in an [try] to have the captured woodvilles executed , although mancini comments that no one took it seriously .

The attempt had failed , and the queen had withdrawn to sanctuary with her youngest son , the duke of York .
the [try] had failed , and the queen had withdrawn to sanctuary with her youngest son , the duke of york .

But the fact that the attempt had been made at all must have given credibility to Gloucester 's claim that the Woodvilles were prepared to use force in pursuit of their ends .
but the fact that the [try] had been made at all must have given credibility to gloucester 's claim that the woodvilles were prepared to use force in pursuit of their ends .

The council apparently argued that as Gloucester had not been protector at the time , any attempt on his life could not be construed as treason .
the council apparently argued that as gloucester had not been protector at the time , any [try] on his life could not be construed as treason .

Their attempt to whip up opposition to him when news of Stony Stratford reached London had proved abortive and since then they had apparently been a spent force .
their [try] to whip up opposition to him when news of stony stratford reached london had proved abortive and since then they had apparently been a spent force .

There was , for instance , some attempt to use clitoridectomy as a cure for dysuria or amenorrhoea , for epilepsy , hysteria , sterility and insanity , in the 1860s .
there was , for instance , some [try] to use clitoridectomy as a cure for dysuria or amenorrhoea , for epilepsy , hysteria , sterility and insanity , in the 1860s .

Banks has argued that the main factor in the decision to limit family size was the attempt to maintain the standard of living in more difficult economic circumstances in the late nineteenth century , and in particular the rising cost of servants which altered the middle class way of life .
banks has argued that the main factor in the decision to limit family size was the [try] to maintain the standard of living in more difficult economic circumstances in the late nineteenth century , and in particular the rising cost of servants which altered the middle class way of life .

To fully understand the significance of these developments we must attempt , firstly , to grasp the role of the state , for its work in regulating sexual behaviour is central but complex .
to fully understand the significance of these developments we must [try] , firstly , to grasp the role of the state , for its work in regulating sexual behaviour is central but complex .

Even the moral reformer was primarily concerned — at least in terms of practical politics — with encouraging greater efforts in the regulation of the public arena , though imperceptibly many began to attempt to evangelise in the private too , in a tradition that had a considerable history , and a long future .
even the moral reformer was primarily concerned — at least in terms of practical politics — with encouraging greater efforts in the regulation of the public arena , though imperceptibly many began to [try] to evangelise in the private too , in a tradition that had a considerable history , and a long future .

The last decades of the nineteenth and the first decade of the twentieth centuries saw a major attempt at moral restructuring which had its effects both in legislation and in the tone of public life .
the last decades of the nineteenth and the first decade of the twentieth centuries saw a major [try] at moral restructuring which had its effects both in legislation and in the tone of public life .

After the suspension in 1883 and later repeal ( in 1886 ) of the Contagious Diseases Acts , the state effectively abandoned any attempt to regulate ( and hence lend official backing to ) prostitution and adopted the traditional policy of tacit acceptance of it as an inevitable evil .
after the suspension in 1883 and later repeal ( in 1886 ) of the contagious diseases acts , the state effectively abandoned any [try] to regulate ( and hence lend official backing to ) prostitution and adopted the traditional policy of tacit acceptance of it as an inevitable evil .

Their father made no attempt to intercede .
their father made no [try] to intercede .

The big bay three quarterbred was being driven hard into Artemis 's lightly framed thoroughbred , and Artemis could feel the distress signals through her hands and seat as the horse shortened its stride in a desperate attempt to find a way out .
the big bay three quarterbred was being driven hard into artemis 's lightly framed thoroughbred , and artemis could feel the distress signals through her hands and seat as the horse shortened its stride in a desperate [try] to find a way out .

After Joseph Arch 's short-lived attempt to organize agricultural labourers in the 1870s , they were also slow to unionize , and the countryside was politically more .
after joseph arch 's short-lived [try] to organize agricultural labourers in the 1870s , they were also slow to unionize , and the countryside was politically more .

The ‘ case-work ’ approach had much to be said for it in that it entailed a serious attempt to analyse the nature of the problem confronting the individual or family and to achieve a lasting solution without removing the clients from their familiar environment .
the ‘ case-work ’ approach had much to be said for it in that it entailed a serious [try] to analyse the nature of the problem confronting the individual or family and to achieve a lasting solution without removing the clients from their familiar environment .

Initially these were organized rather haphazardly with little serious attempt to match contributions to prospective claims on the funds .
initially these were organized rather haphazardly with little serious [try] to match contributions to prospective claims on the funds .

The attempt to impose a consistent out-door policy throughout England and Wales was effectively a failure .
the [try] to impose a consistent out-door policy throughout england and wales was effectively a failure .

The first attempt to tax the very rich a little more heavily was the introduction of death duties in 1889 , by which duty was levied on estates exceeding £10,000 in value .
the first [try] to tax the very rich a little more heavily was the introduction of death duties in 1889 , by which duty was levied on estates exceeding £10,000 in value .

This was partly for the reasons given above , but also due to the very large Conservative majority in the hereditary House of Lords , which soon rejected a Liberal attempt to amend the 1902 Education Act .
this was partly for the reasons given above , but also due to the very large conservative majority in the hereditary house of lords , which soon rejected a liberal [try] to amend the 1902 education act .

The sliding scale of pension resulted from a Commons amendment , an attempt to minimize hardship for those narrowly above the income limit .
the sliding scale of pension resulted from a commons amendment , an [try] to minimize hardship for those narrowly above the income limit .

He hoped initially to provide weekly cash benefits and some medical treatment for all earners beneath the income-tax limits , also maternity benefit — one more attempt to reduce infant mortality — widows ' and orphans ' pensions ( which would remove a substantial group from the Poor Law ) and an ‘ invalidity pension ’ for those unable to work due to permanent sickness or disablement .
he hoped initially to provide weekly cash benefits and some medical treatment for all earners beneath the income-tax limits , also maternity benefit — one more [try] to reduce infant mortality — widows ' and orphans ' pensions ( which would remove a substantial group from the poor law ) and an ‘ invalidity pension ’ for those unable to work due to permanent sickness or disablement .

The failure of the Webbs ' campaign to ‘ break up the Poor Law ’ was a disaster for their most sustained attempt to achieve reform by ‘ permeation ’ of the Liberal party .
the failure of the webbs ' campaign to ‘ break up the poor law ’ was a disaster for their most sustained [try] to achieve reform by ‘ permeation ’ of the liberal party .

The proliferation of ‘ sweated ’ workshops , and outwork had itself been in part an employer response to the closer regulation of factories during the nineteenth century , an attempt to evade these regulations .
the proliferation of ‘ sweated ’ workshops , and outwork had itself been in part an employer response to the closer regulation of factories during the nineteenth century , an [try] to evade these regulations .

If we can not deliver a letter or packet for any reason , we will attempt to return it to you .
if we can not deliver a letter or packet for any reason , we will [try] to return it to you .

The multiplication of life tenures , the scramble for reversions , and the attempt to make posts hereditary are all indications that offices were coming to be regarded as forms of property rather than as jobs to be done .
the multiplication of life tenures , the scramble for reversions , and the [try] to make posts hereditary are all indications that offices were coming to be regarded as forms of property rather than as jobs to be done .

Certainly , by now , we should have learned to be cautious about simplified statements which attempt to outline the central features of ‘ the family in modern society ’ .
certainly , by now , we should have learned to be cautious about simplified statements which [try] to outline the central features of ‘ the family in modern society ’ .

The attempt to talk about ‘ the family in industrial society ’ implies some contrast with the family in ‘ pre-industrial society ’ , thereby apparently lumping together feudal Europe , the major empires and kingdoms of the Middle and Far East and the Americas , and the many forms of tribal , hunting , nomadic and peasant societies that have been found throughout different parts of the globe .
the [try] to talk about ‘ the family in industrial society ’ implies some contrast with the family in ‘ pre-industrial society ’ , thereby apparently lumping together feudal europe , the major empires and kingdoms of the middle and far east and the americas , and the many forms of tribal , hunting , nomadic and peasant societies that have been found throughout different parts of the globe .

In a more detailed analysis it would be necessary to separate out these different factors and to attempt to assess how each has contributed or is related to changes in the family .
in a more detailed analysis it would be necessary to separate out these different factors and to [try] to assess how each has contributed or is related to changes in the family .

Some might say it presents an idealistic picture of family life ; others that it is a reactionary attempt to turn the clock back on the women 's movement ; yet others might argue that she has gone beyond the available evidence in concluding , or at least implying , that delinquency might result from early day-care experiences .
some might say it presents an idealistic picture of family life ; others that it is a reactionary [try] to turn the clock back on the women 's movement ; yet others might argue that she has gone beyond the available evidence in concluding , or at least implying , that delinquency might result from early day-care experiences .

If , for instance , the animal became imprinted on a tennis ball it might subsequently attempt to mate with other tennis balls !
if , for instance , the animal became imprinted on a tennis ball it might subsequently [try] to mate with other tennis balls !

It may take drastic discontinuities , of the kind described above , to highlight the fact that the environment over a period must be taken into account before one can attempt to predict the course of personality development , yet children reared under normal home circumstances are generally regarded as remaining under such constant environmental conditions that this consideration does not hold .
it may take drastic discontinuities , of the kind described above , to highlight the fact that the environment over a period must be taken into account before one can [try] to predict the course of personality development , yet children reared under normal home circumstances are generally regarded as remaining under such constant environmental conditions that this consideration does not hold .

Although differential diagnoses can not be made on the evidence of a postal survey alone , an attempt was made to identify factors that aid diagnosis .
although differential diagnoses can not be made on the evidence of a postal survey alone , an [try] was made to identify factors that aid diagnosis .

The assassination of the Bakufu 's foremost leader , Regent Ii Naosuke , in 1860 was a fatal blow to the regime 's attempt to re-establish Tokugawa supremacy .
the assassination of the bakufu 's foremost leader , regent ii naosuke , in 1860 was a fatal blow to the regime 's [try] to re-establish tokugawa supremacy .

While the impact of renewed foreign contacts on both politics and the economy in these years was considerable , the growing power struggle within the country postponed any substantive attempt to resolve the issue of foreign relations on a long-term basis .
while the impact of renewed foreign contacts on both politics and the economy in these years was considerable , the growing power struggle within the country postponed any substantive [try] to resolve the issue of foreign relations on a long-term basis .

The new government 's first thought was to attempt a revision of the treaties .
the new government 's first thought was to [try] a revision of the treaties .

In autumn 1940 Japan moved into northern French Indo-China in an attempt to restrict supplies to the Chinese , and as a preliminary to creating a Japanese-controlled zone in Southeast Asia .
in autumn 1940 japan moved into northern french indo-china in an [try] to restrict supplies to the chinese , and as a preliminary to creating a japanese-controlled zone in southeast asia .

The imposition on Korea of an unequal treaty was the first stage in a sustained attempt by Japan to secure dominant influence in the peninsula .
the imposition on korea of an unequal treaty was the first stage in a sustained [try] by japan to secure dominant influence in the peninsula .

The expanding Russian empire was showing an increasing interest in Northeast Asia , and China was likely to challenge any attempt by Japan to intervene in the affairs of a country which for centuries had been her foremost tributary .
the expanding russian empire was showing an increasing interest in northeast asia , and china was likely to challenge any [try] by japan to intervene in the affairs of a country which for centuries had been her foremost tributary .

Such was the strength of Japan 's negotiating position that it was only marginally weakened by an attempt on the life of the elder statesman Li Hongzhang , leader of the Chinese delegation .
such was the strength of japan 's negotiating position that it was only marginally weakened by an [try] on the life of the elder statesman li hongzhang , leader of the chinese delegation .

Conflict was deferred by the attempt to reach agreement along the lines of ‘ Manchuria for Korea ’ ( Mankan kó0kan ) ( i.e .
conflict was deferred by the [try] to reach agreement along the lines of ‘ manchuria for korea ’ ( mankan kó0kan ) ( i.e .

An attempt to contest Japan 's control over Korean foreign policy at the Hague peace Conference in 1907 fell on deaf ears ; whether Korea was , or was not , independent meant little to most of the nations of the West .
an [try] to contest japan 's control over korean foreign policy at the hague peace conference in 1907 fell on deaf ears ; whether korea was , or was not , independent meant little to most of the nations of the west .

The nations of Europe , increasingly taken up with their own military and economic problems , responded by increasingly withdrawing from any attempt to exact further concessions .
the nations of europe , increasingly taken up with their own military and economic problems , responded by increasingly withdrawing from any [try] to exact further concessions .

In March 1940 a puppet regime under the former nationalist Wang Jingwei was established in Nanjing in a belated attempt to increase Chinese support .
in march 1940 a puppet regime under the former nationalist wang jingwei was established in nanjing in a belated [try] to increase chinese support .

Despite the attempt to impose a rigid status system , the division between farmers and warriors was never as clear cut as intended .
despite the [try] to impose a rigid status system , the division between farmers and warriors was never as clear cut as intended .

There are not enough hours in the day to attempt to deal with everything .
there are not enough hours in the day to [try] to deal with everything .

Of the forty-eight of us who had left Aubagne two months before only thirty-six were in a fit state to attempt the tests .
of the forty-eight of us who had left aubagne two months before only thirty-six were in a fit state to [try] the tests .

His secular critics saw the misguided attempt of an evangelical Christian to adapt his theology to an insuperable threat from science .
his secular critics saw the misguided [try] of an evangelical christian to adapt his theology to an insuperable threat from science .

By those who treat scientific and religious discourse as two distinct language games , or who detach doctrines of creation from statements about the physical world , Drummond 's attempt to integrate his faith with evolutionary science would be dismissed as an unfortunate error .
by those who treat scientific and religious discourse as two distinct language games , or who detach doctrines of creation from statements about the physical world , drummond 's [try] to integrate his faith with evolutionary science would be dismissed as an unfortunate error .

Some were later exploited by Copernicus in his attempt to establish that the earth both turns on its axis and revolves around the sun .
some were later exploited by copernicus in his [try] to establish that the earth both turns on its axis and revolves around the sun .

He chose to make a serious attempt at integrating scientific and religious perspectives , even though his clerical critics would almost certainly not have welcomed the intrusion of science into their domain .
he chose to make a serious [try] at integrating scientific and religious perspectives , even though his clerical critics would almost certainly not have welcomed the intrusion of science into their domain .

The reason that has been given for saying that Halley 's attempt was serious , rather than merely placatory , is that he confessed in public that his efforts had not , after all , produced decisive results .
the reason that has been given for saying that halley 's [try] was serious , rather than merely placatory , is that he confessed in public that his efforts had not , after all , produced decisive results .

His attempt to prove a point of theological orthodoxy by scientific argument may have heightened the suspicion in which he was held , but it hardly points to a successful separation of the two spheres .
his [try] to prove a point of theological orthodoxy by scientific argument may have heightened the suspicion in which he was held , but it hardly points to a successful separation of the two spheres .

The decree of 1616 did attempt to discriminate between books that aimed to reconcile the earth 's motion with Scripture and those that remained within the confines of astronomical hypothesis .
the decree of 1616 did [try] to discriminate between books that aimed to reconcile the earth 's motion with scripture and those that remained within the confines of astronomical hypothesis .

If the failed attempt to oust him from Wadham in 1654 was the work of stricter puritans who suspected him of reducing Christianity to morality , so in the 1660s his ‘ club for comprehension ’ evoked the censure of high churchmen .
if the failed [try] to oust him from wadham in 1654 was the work of stricter puritans who suspected him of reducing christianity to morality , so in the 1660s his ‘ club for comprehension ’ evoked the censure of high churchmen .

It was not the purpose of the meetings to produce or agree upon policy proposals ; nor was there any attempt to do so .
it was not the purpose of the meetings to produce or agree upon policy proposals ; nor was there any [try] to do so .

In attributing origins it is hard to disentangle the input of Ministers and that of officials , or the operational services , political or Parliamentary influences , or interest groups ; nor does the present civil service culture encourage any attempt to do so .
in attributing origins it is hard to disentangle the input of ministers and that of officials , or the operational services , political or parliamentary influences , or interest groups ; nor does the present civil service culture encourage any [try] to do so .

This is not a sentimental journey in quest of ways and means of making life easier for the offender , but a realistic attempt to tackle the economic problem of saving the community from the losses and suffering caused by the anti-social activities of criminals .
this is not a sentimental journey in quest of ways and means of making life easier for the offender , but a realistic [try] to tackle the economic problem of saving the community from the losses and suffering caused by the anti-social activities of criminals .

The first was a resolute attempt to accelerate the pace of police re-organization , reducing the number of separate police forces from 117 to forty nine .
the first was a resolute [try] to accelerate the pace of police re-organization , reducing the number of separate police forces from 117 to forty nine .

In reaction it turned to a whole gamut of strategies advocated by advisory committees and penal reform groups in an attempt to counter and check the rising tide of custodial sentences .
in reaction it turned to a whole gamut of strategies advocated by advisory committees and penal reform groups in an [try] to counter and check the rising tide of custodial sentences .

The farm minister also went on to say that the fundamental flaw in the package was the attempt to halt the drift from the land by people whose main reason for leaving farming was that they could attain a higher standard of living elsewhere .
the farm minister also went on to say that the fundamental flaw in the package was the [try] to halt the drift from the land by people whose main reason for leaving farming was that they could attain a higher standard of living elsewhere .

Many developing countries attempt to manage their exchange rates .
many developing countries [try] to manage their exchange rates .

Rather than attempt to review all the conflicting theories about such issues and about how exchange rates affect adjustment and growth , we focus on two factors that have a direct impact on the relationships with foreign investors .
rather than [try] to review all the conflicting theories about such issues and about how exchange rates affect adjustment and growth , we focus on two factors that have a direct impact on the relationships with foreign investors .

The original fade-out provisions that called for progressive expropriation of foreign firms have gone ; and the attempt to create cooperative ‘ regional multi-nationals ’ on the basis of a division of labour and specialisation was abandoned in 1982 .
the original fade-out provisions that called for progressive expropriation of foreign firms have gone ; and the [try] to create cooperative ‘ regional multi-nationals ’ on the basis of a division of labour and specialisation was abandoned in 1982 .

Sectoral policy can also lead to unexpected problems as protected national entities themselves attempt to compete in international markets .
sectoral policy can also lead to unexpected problems as protected national entities themselves [try] to compete in international markets .

The film is not primarily a combat movie : no attempt is made to fully identify the kind of unit the protagonists are attached to , nor is there any attempt to locate the central act in time or place .
the film is not primarily a combat movie : no [try] is made to fully identify the kind of unit the protagonists are attached to , nor is there any [try] to locate the central act in time or place .

One aspect of this is to excuse American involvement as an idealistic attempt to save South Vietnam from ideologically motivated aggression .
one aspect of this is to excuse american involvement as an idealistic [try] to save south vietnam from ideologically motivated aggression .

The film did not attempt to explain why the Americans went to war in Vietnam , but surpassed any previous film in examining the pressures to which the American soldier was subjected and his reaction to them .
the film did not [try] to explain why the americans went to war in vietnam , but surpassed any previous film in examining the pressures to which the american soldier was subjected and his reaction to them .

He fought his way clear of encirclement by Von Kleist 's 1st Panzer Army at Berdichev ; and gained a high reputation as one of the staunchest defenders of Kiev when the Soviet attempt to hold that city ended in disaster in September with the loss of 600,000 men and 2,500 tanks .
he fought his way clear of encirclement by von kleist 's 1st panzer army at berdichev ; and gained a high reputation as one of the staunchest defenders of kiev when the soviet [try] to hold that city ended in disaster in september with the loss of 600,000 men and 2,500 tanks .

Stalin finally and belatedly authorised a break-out attempt in July , but only a handful of men , driven by desperation through a hail of fire , escaped from the pocket .
stalin finally and belatedly authorised a break-out [try] in july , but only a handful of men , driven by desperation through a hail of fire , escaped from the pocket .

They attempt to justify the claim and the assumptions that underlie it , by ‘ advancing some conjectures and some evidence regarding the ways in which language and thought change under the impact of the specialised forms of written text ’ ( ibid . )
they [try] to justify the claim and the assumptions that underlie it , by ‘ advancing some conjectures and some evidence regarding the ways in which language and thought change under the impact of the specialised forms of written text ’ ( ibid . )

The invention of writing and particularly the attempt to create autonomous text has resulted in a realignment of the two primary functions of language .
the invention of writing and particularly the [try] to create autonomous text has resulted in a realignment of the two primary functions of language .

Greenfield picks up as most pertinent to her own argument his attempt to trace ‘ this failure to a lack of conscious differentiation of self from others ’ and his prediction that this will be ‘ reflected in the structure of communication , as , for example , in failing to make one 's point of view known ’ ( ibid . )
greenfield picks up as most pertinent to her own argument his [try] to trace ‘ this failure to a lack of conscious differentiation of self from others ’ and his prediction that this will be ‘ reflected in the structure of communication , as , for example , in failing to make one 's point of view known ’ ( ibid . )

They attempt to maintain that their own conventions are superior .
they [try] to maintain that their own conventions are superior .

Indeed , Hildyard and Olson do recognise the dangers of stating their case in such strong terms and they attempt to qualify it .
indeed , hildyard and olson do recognise the dangers of stating their case in such strong terms and they [try] to qualify it .

Greece thus offers not only the first instance of this change but also the essential one for any attempt to isolate the cultural consequences of alphabetic literacy ’ ( ibid .
greece thus offers not only the first instance of this change but also the essential one for any [try] to isolate the cultural consequences of alphabetic literacy ’ ( ibid .

Despite the attempt to treat the Pythagorean example as an exception , it can not but weaken Goody 's case .
despite the [try] to treat the pythagorean example as an exception , it can not but weaken goody 's case .

Bernstein , for instance , in his attempt to attribute less ‘ context-dependence ’ and greater ‘ objectivity ’ to certain language uses , correlated these characteristics with certain ‘ codes ’ which he identifies with certain social classes ( 1971 ) .
bernstein , for instance , in his [try] to attribute less ‘ context-dependence ’ and greater ‘ objectivity ’ to certain language uses , correlated these characteristics with certain ‘ codes ’ which he identifies with certain social classes ( 1971 ) .

The same attempt is being made by all of these writers to distinguish ‘ objective ’ and ‘ context-independent ’ uses from ‘ subjective ’ and ‘ context-dependent ’ uses : in one case the difference is couched in terms of ‘ differences among languages ’ , in another in terms of differences within a language ( elaborated and restricted codes ) , and in yet another in terms of differences between language modes , namely speech and writing .
the same [try] is being made by all of these writers to distinguish ‘ objective ’ and ‘ context-independent ’ uses from ‘ subjective ’ and ‘ context-dependent ’ uses : in one case the difference is couched in terms of ‘ differences among languages ’ , in another in terms of differences within a language ( elaborated and restricted codes ) , and in yet another in terms of differences between language modes , namely speech and writing .

Anthropologists , who attempt to answer precisely such questions by the learning of other languages , can provide ethnographic substance for Romaine 's study of ‘ differing degrees of subjectivity ’ .
anthropologists , who [try] to answer precisely such questions by the learning of other languages , can provide ethnographic substance for romaine 's study of ‘ differing degrees of subjectivity ’ .

He identifies the attempt by some linguists to discover ‘ literal meanings ’ with the belief that there can be a ‘ natural science , approach to language .
he identifies the [try] by some linguists to discover ‘ literal meanings ’ with the belief that there can be a ‘ natural science , approach to language .

For an agency to attempt strategies , policy guidelines or practice procedures on elder abuse it must be clear about defining the problem .
for an agency to [try] strategies , policy guidelines or practice procedures on elder abuse it must be clear about defining the problem .

But mistakes which are made in an attempt to change things , to introduce the new , to progress faster , deserve and should receive high degrees of tolerance and sometimes even praise .
but mistakes which are made in an [try] to change things , to introduce the new , to progress faster , deserve and should receive high degrees of tolerance and sometimes even praise .

By choosing to study one representative , for example , we might obtain a more acute insight into the attempt to present the theory as a coherent whole ; that is , we may be able to re-create in a more sympathetic fashion the sense of what connects with what .
by choosing to study one representative , for example , we might obtain a more acute insight into the [try] to present the theory as a coherent whole ; that is , we may be able to re-create in a more sympathetic fashion the sense of what connects with what .

The error of Rationalism lies in its attempt to reduce the complexity of experience to rules , to technical knowledge .
the error of rationalism lies in its [try] to reduce the complexity of experience to rules , to technical knowledge .

In Huntington 's scheme Oakeshott 's theory is an attempt to develop an autonomous or philosophical theory of conservatism .
in huntington 's scheme oakeshott 's theory is an [try] to develop an autonomous or philosophical theory of conservatism .

Of particular importance for our purposes is Oakeshott 's attempt to reconcile Hobbesian principles , which are closely associated with utilitarianism and legal positivism , with his conception of law .
of particular importance for our purposes is oakeshott 's [try] to reconcile hobbesian principles , which are closely associated with utilitarianism and legal positivism , with his conception of law .

His attempt to achieve this by incorporating an intrinsic moral quality into the concept of lex , however , is not entirely convincing .
his [try] to achieve this by incorporating an intrinsic moral quality into the concept of lex , however , is not entirely convincing .

During the 1920s and 1930s Hayek 's economic theory can be understood as an attempt to construct a theory of money , capital , prices , and production to rival that of Keynes .
during the 1920s and 1930s hayek 's economic theory can be understood as an [try] to construct a theory of money , capital , prices , and production to rival that of keynes .

They can therefore be viewed as an attempt to translate the methodological rigours of economic science to the sphere of political behaviour in which , as we have seen , the attempt to develop a scientific approach has not been entirely successful .
they can therefore be viewed as an [try] to translate the methodological rigours of economic science to the sphere of political behaviour in which , as we have seen , the [try] to develop a scientific approach has not been entirely successful .

It suggests that the attempt to impose a neutral character on the liberal state and to purge its law of any substantive content can only serve to erode those moral and religious foundations which are essential for the survival of liberalism .
it suggests that the [try] to impose a neutral character on the liberal state and to purge its law of any substantive content can only serve to erode those moral and religious foundations which are essential for the survival of liberalism .

The aim of this school has been to pursue the attempt to elevate the study of social phenomena to the positive or scientific state .
the aim of this school has been to pursue the [try] to elevate the study of social phenomena to the positive or scientific state .

The second influence we shall examine is the British attempt in the latter half of the nineteenth century to reconcile a tension between the romantic-historical and the positivist approaches to society by developing theories of social evolution .
the second influence we shall examine is the british [try] in the latter half of the nineteenth century to reconcile a tension between the romantic-historical and the positivist approaches to society by developing theories of social evolution .

But positivism and utilitarianism , being nominalist and individualist in character , did not attempt to address directly the basic question of how order in society is achieved and maintained .
but positivism and utilitarianism , being nominalist and individualist in character , did not [try] to address directly the basic question of how order in society is achieved and maintained .

It is this attempt by Fabians and New Liberals to conjoin ethical and evolutionary considerations that led to the most sustained criticism of their theories . Such criticisms are perhaps most clearly and tersely summed up in Hawthorn 's assessment of Hobhouse :
it is this [try] by fabians and new liberals to conjoin ethical and evolutionary considerations that led to the most sustained criticism of their theories . such criticisms are perhaps most clearly and tersely summed up in hawthorn 's assessment of hobhouse :

Thus , realism may most readily be viewed as a reaction to the attempt to construct a formal science of law founded on what may be termed the case method ; that is , the assumption that , by close examination of past judicial decisions , the basic principles of law could be deduced .
thus , realism may most readily be viewed as a reaction to the [try] to construct a formal science of law founded on what may be termed the case method ; that is , the assumption that , by close examination of past judicial decisions , the basic principles of law could be deduced .

Realism directed its challenge to the attempt to construct an autonomous science of law which was rooted in legal positivism .
realism directed its challenge to the [try] to construct an autonomous science of law which was rooted in legal positivism .

What perhaps is most important is its attempt , as its proponents themselves viewed it , to chart a middle course between empiricism and rationalism , and between positivism and idealism .
what perhaps is most important is its [try] , as its proponents themselves viewed it , to chart a middle course between empiricism and rationalism , and between positivism and idealism .

The functionalist style can be viewed as an attempt to develop a legal style compatible with the technically orientated , interdependent , and functionally ordered society which was emerging .
the functionalist style can be viewed as an [try] to develop a legal style compatible with the technically orientated , interdependent , and functionally ordered society which was emerging .

In 1928 William Robson published Justice and Administrative Law , a landmark text which he later described as an attempt ‘ to dispel the illusion held by all the leading lawyers , politicians , civil servants and academics who had been brought up on Dicey 's Law of the Constitution that in Britain there was no administrative law ’ In this book Robson argued that ‘ no modern student of law or political science has today the slightest doubt that there exists in England a vast body of administrative law ’ and that ‘ the problem is not to discover it but rather to master its widespread ramifications and reduce it to some kind of order and coherence ’ .
in 1928 william robson published justice and administrative law , a landmark text which he later described as an [try] ‘ to dispel the illusion held by all the leading lawyers , politicians , civil servants and academics who had been brought up on dicey 's law of the constitution that in britain there was no administrative law ’ in this book robson argued that ‘ no modern student of law or political science has today the slightest doubt that there exists in england a vast body of administrative law ’ and that ‘ the problem is not to discover it but rather to master its widespread ramifications and reduce it to some kind of order and coherence ’ .

Here we see a characteristic attempt , evident on a range of fronts , to break down the dualisms of normativism .
here we see a characteristic [try] , evident on a range of fronts , to break down the dualisms of normativism .

For public health doctors to withdraw from or refuse to give support to the task at this critical moment would greatly endanger the specialty , as people without the necessary combination of medical and public health skills would attempt the job .
for public health doctors to withdraw from or refuse to give support to the task at this critical moment would greatly endanger the specialty , as people without the necessary combination of medical and public health skills would [try] the job .

Subsequently , schools , universities and colleges attempt to assess differences in abilities as predictors of student performance .
subsequently , schools , universities and colleges [try] to assess differences in abilities as predictors of student performance .

We select goals or ends which are important to us and attempt to achieve them .
we select goals or ends which are important to us and [try] to achieve them .

When managers are being selected , an attempt should be made to separate recognition goals from power goals . Factors which correlate positively with a strong search for power are :
when managers are being selected , an [try] should be made to separate recognition goals from power goals . factors which correlate positively with a strong search for power are :

In this chapter we look at how those goals may be in conflict , and how they are affected by age , culture and a person 's job ; 1 consider how organizations attempt to motivate people by rewarding performance , and thereby rewarding those goals ; finally we look at the outcomes of goal/organization mismatch which lead to dissatisfaction , disillusionment and stress .
in this chapter we look at how those goals may be in conflict , and how they are affected by age , culture and a person 's job ; 1 consider how organizations [try] to motivate people by rewarding performance , and thereby rewarding those goals ; finally we look at the outcomes of goal/organization mismatch which lead to dissatisfaction , disillusionment and stress .

The sets of values embedded in one 's goals in childhood have to be modified so radically and conflicts resolved so ruthlessly that few attempt it .
the sets of values embedded in one 's goals in childhood have to be modified so radically and conflicts resolved so ruthlessly that few [try] it .

In an attempt to eliminate what we know is stupid , we are often forced into a bureaucratic game through which we hope to define our expectations and the rules of the game so that emotions will be controlled and rationality will triumph .
in an [try] to eliminate what we know is stupid , we are often forced into a bureaucratic game through which we hope to define our expectations and the rules of the game so that emotions will be controlled and rationality will triumph .

From this view any attempt to quantify or verify the meanings is misleading .
from this view any [try] to quantify or verify the meanings is misleading .

We structure the data into simplified snapshots , attributes , traits and types , and attempt to give ourselves the understanding we need and to predict the behaviour of others from this process .
we structure the data into simplified snapshots , attributes , traits and types , and [try] to give ourselves the understanding we need and to predict the behaviour of others from this process .

What differentiates them is the degree to which it is acknowledged that an attempt to influence those above is being made .
what differentiates them is the degree to which it is acknowledged that an [try] to influence those above is being made .

In manipulative persuasion the influencer openly admits the attempt to influence events but does not reveal the real reason ; e.g .
in manipulative persuasion the influencer openly admits the [try] to influence events but does not reveal the real reason ; e.g .

So Japanese organizations attempt to minimize ingratiation and deception by developing corporate cultures based on a collective sharing of responsibility .
so japanese organizations [try] to minimize ingratiation and deception by developing corporate cultures based on a collective sharing of responsibility .

Organizational politics involves those activities which attempt to acquire what we want in situations of uncertainty or disagreement about choices .
organizational politics involves those activities which [try] to acquire what we want in situations of uncertainty or disagreement about choices .

Phase 2 : attempts to correct The members have noted the continued deviation from group norms and deliberately attempt to correct the behaviour ( ‘ Do n't keep doing that , ‘ Put your clothes back on again ' , ‘ You do n't have to go home yet , ‘ Have another drink ’ , etc . )
phase 2 : attempts to correct the members have noted the continued deviation from group norms and deliberately [try] to correct the behaviour ( ‘ do n't keep doing that , ‘ put your clothes back on again ' , ‘ you do n't have to go home yet , ‘ have another drink ’ , etc . )

The report makes a fair attempt to assess the future demand for medical staff within these constraints but shies away from estimating the number of doctors required to provide both an acceptable service to patients and acceptable working conditions for doctors themselves .
the report makes a fair [try] to assess the future demand for medical staff within these constraints but shies away from estimating the number of doctors required to provide both an acceptable service to patients and acceptable working conditions for doctors themselves .

The new posture was reflected in other steps that Congress took in an attempt to improve its procedures and which , ultimately , were to make life substantially more difficult for presidents .
the new posture was reflected in other steps that congress took in an [try] to improve its procedures and which , ultimately , were to make life substantially more difficult for presidents .

There was also an attempt to ensure full and free participation in committee hearings by all members and restraints were imposed on the use of proxy votes by chairmen ; in addition , all votes in committee and on the floor were now to be recorded and open to public scrutiny .
there was also an [try] to ensure full and free participation in committee hearings by all members and restraints were imposed on the use of proxy votes by chairmen ; in addition , all votes in committee and on the floor were now to be recorded and open to public scrutiny .

There is no attempt to weight the votes — a vote on whether the marigold should be the national flower counts as much as a vote on an arms limitation treaty .
there is no [try] to weight the votes — a vote on whether the marigold should be the national flower counts as much as a vote on an arms limitation treaty .

As Joseph Califano observes , ‘ Television is critical to the president , initially in his attempt to reach office , then in the exercise of his power as he presents to the people his policies , programs and interpretations of events .
as joseph califano observes , ‘ television is critical to the president , initially in his [try] to reach office , then in the exercise of his power as he presents to the people his policies , programs and interpretations of events .

’ the respondents answers are given in Table 2 , which also shows that after the fourth month of Reagan 's first term , and in the wake of the assassination attempt on 30 March , his approval rating rose to 68 per cent .
’ the respondents answers are given in table 2 , which also shows that after the fourth month of reagan 's first term , and in the wake of the assassination [try] on 30 march , his approval rating rose to 68 per cent .

Yet the Josephite victory presaged no broader attempt to circumscribe royal power .
yet the josephite victory presaged no broader [try] to circumscribe royal power .

There had been a determined attempt to root out abuses among the clergy and to raise their intellectual calibre .
there had been a determined [try] to root out abuses among the clergy and to raise their intellectual calibre .

Although the reforms had the support of the Tsar and in 1667–68 a church council anathematized those who refused to conform , the attempt to impose the new liturgy by force proved unsuccessful .
although the reforms had the support of the tsar and in 1667–68 a church council anathematized those who refused to conform , the [try] to impose the new liturgy by force proved unsuccessful .

The first third of the book ( three chapters ) is an ambitious and generally successful attempt to explain , at a level appropriate to the educated nonscientist , how computational science works , specifically how the continuum ( or quantum mechanical ) equations that describe physical reality can be accurately approximated by discrete computational techniques such as finite difference , finite element , Monte Carlo or N-body particle models .
the first third of the book ( three chapters ) is an ambitious and generally successful [try] to explain , at a level appropriate to the educated nonscientist , how computational science works , specifically how the continuum ( or quantum mechanical ) equations that describe physical reality can be accurately approximated by discrete computational techniques such as finite difference , finite element , monte carlo or n-body particle models .

Two papers in this week 's journal show how much further ahead Australia is when it comes to implementing government policies that attempt to improve health .
two papers in this week 's journal show how much further ahead australia is when it comes to implementing government policies that [try] to improve health .

Possibly early balloon counterpulsation to offset the expected deterioration in renal function might be a more worthwhile approach to management than later in an attempt to reverse such a deterioration in renal state .
possibly early balloon counterpulsation to offset the expected deterioration in renal function might be a more worthwhile approach to management than later in an [try] to reverse such a deterioration in renal state .

Clinical ecologists therefore attempt to diagnose and treat a disease which conventional doctors believe does not exist .
clinical ecologists therefore [try] to diagnose and treat a disease which conventional doctors believe does not exist .

So Raymond of St Gilles , after he had claimed the Rouergue in 1079 , prepared himself for his attempt to oust his brother as count of Toulouse , in a ceremony at the shrine of St Robert at La Chaise-Dieu :
so raymond of st gilles , after he had claimed the rouergue in 1079 , prepared himself for his [try] to oust his brother as count of toulouse , in a ceremony at the shrine of st robert at la chaise-dieu :

This naturally gives him a tremendous light-grasp , but his main work is in hunting for new comets and new exploding stars or novæ , in which he has been remarkably successful ( his present total is five comets and four novæ ) , and there are not many people who will attempt anything like this .
this naturally gives him a tremendous light-grasp , but his main work is in hunting for new comets and new exploding stars or novæ , in which he has been remarkably successful ( his present total is five comets and four novæ ) , and there are not many people who will [try] anything like this .

Herein lay a grave source of weakness for the attempt of elected politicians to assert their right to take a greater share of power .
herein lay a grave source of weakness for the [try] of elected politicians to assert their right to take a greater share of power .

In the immediate post-war years there was an attempt to absolve the bureaucracy of responsibility for externally aggressive and internally repressive policies , by pointing out the ways in which bureaucrats had tried to hold back military excesses .
in the immediate post-war years there was an [try] to absolve the bureaucracy of responsibility for externally aggressive and internally repressive policies , by pointing out the ways in which bureaucrats had tried to hold back military excesses .

Running alongside this financial support has been an attempt to promote industrial cooperatives where small firms would share distribution facilities or share the production of one brand name .
running alongside this financial support has been an [try] to promote industrial cooperatives where small firms would share distribution facilities or share the production of one brand name .

In Japan as elsewhere the commitment to employment security is an attempt by firms to reduce the turnover of key employees and so avoid transferring the benefits of training programmes to rival firms .
in japan as elsewhere the commitment to employment security is an [try] by firms to reduce the turnover of key employees and so avoid transferring the benefits of training programmes to rival firms .

Any attempt to establish how far individuals comply with the ideology of the firm as a family is fraught with difficulty because motives are likely to vary .
any [try] to establish how far individuals comply with the ideology of the firm as a family is fraught with difficulty because motives are likely to vary .

During the automatic processing stage an attempt was made to locate the targets indicated by the cross-references , and so validate them , and , where necessary modify them in the light of changes made to entries during automatic integration .
during the automatic processing stage an [try] was made to locate the targets indicated by the cross-references , and so validate them , and , where necessary modify them in the light of changes made to entries during automatic integration .

From these values an attempt is made to determine a ‘ fair share ’ value for each lexicographer .
from these values an [try] is made to determine a ‘ fair share ’ value for each lexicographer .

We now attempt to produce a taxonomy of some variables of program design and use which we believe are important in creating effective curriculum material .
we now [try] to produce a taxonomy of some variables of program design and use which we believe are important in creating effective curriculum material .

We shall not attempt a complete classification of the different possibilities for using graphics but simply give a few examples and point out some general possibilities and dangers .
we shall not [try] a complete classification of the different possibilities for using graphics but simply give a few examples and point out some general possibilities and dangers .

It may well be more effective for the program not to attempt anything too complicated and for the teacher to provide and guide the questions at the level required .
it may well be more effective for the program not to [try] anything too complicated and for the teacher to provide and guide the questions at the level required .

We shall not attempt here to give any detailed classification of teaching style .
we shall not [try] here to give any detailed classification of teaching style .

In this case their attitudes to the learning tasks in which teachers attempt to engage them , particularly work with computers , are the objects of inquiry .
in this case their attitudes to the learning tasks in which teachers [try] to engage them , particularly work with computers , are the objects of inquiry .

The suggested checklist of background information , 7 , is an attempt to help the recognition of these factors .
the suggested checklist of background information , 7 , is an [try] to help the recognition of these factors .

If one dealer failed to open a client , other dealers would attempt to do so " sometimes unknown to the first dealer , from duplicate lead cards .
if one dealer failed to open a client , other dealers would [try] to do so " sometimes unknown to the first dealer , from duplicate lead cards .

The story was that trainees had to pass the exam on the third attempt at the latest , or leave .
the story was that trainees had to pass the exam on the third [try] at the latest , or leave .

That evening , a consortium of dealers led the slightly worse for wear director to a riverside wine bar in an attempt to convince him that it was worth staying with the company .
that evening , a consortium of dealers led the slightly worse for wear director to a riverside wine bar in an [try] to convince him that it was worth staying with the company .

Because of this we will not attempt in this book to trace a historical sequence from early , simple computers to later , complex ones .
because of this we will not [try] in this book to trace a historical sequence from early , simple computers to later , complex ones .

Thus many third and fourth generation computers provide a range of facilities ( such as several data-types ) in an attempt to cover the whole spectrum of applications in one design .
thus many third and fourth generation computers provide a range of facilities ( such as several data-types ) in an [try] to cover the whole spectrum of applications in one design .

Furthermore , an instruction set could provide an arbitrary collection of operations which seem likely to be convenient , or we can attempt to group the operations and provide some structure in the set of instructions provided ; the instruction set of the Pegasus ( Elliott , Owen , Devonald , and Maudsley 1956 ) is a good example of the latter .
furthermore , an instruction set could provide an arbitrary collection of operations which seem likely to be convenient , or we can [try] to group the operations and provide some structure in the set of instructions provided ; the instruction set of the pegasus ( elliott , owen , devonald , and maudsley 1956 ) is a good example of the latter .

There have been a number of attempts to define languages at the assembler level which would be portable from one computer to another ; the compatible computer ranges of the previous section are , of course , one such attempt .
there have been a number of attempts to define languages at the assembler level which would be portable from one computer to another ; the compatible computer ranges of the previous section are , of course , one such [try] .

Attempt to place the features described in the following categories : ( a ) Features provided by the assembler program .
[try] to place the features described in the following categories : ( a ) features provided by the assembler program .

Most modern computers attempt to provide facilities for manipulating strings of characters and possibly decimal digits .
most modern computers [try] to provide facilities for manipulating strings of characters and possibly decimal digits .

However , an attempt may be made to allocate particular bits or groups of bits in the operation code field to particular features of the instruction ; one bit , for example , might specify whether the result of an operation is to be placed in the accumulator , and another whether the fixed-point arithmetic unit is to be used by the operation .
however , an [try] may be made to allocate particular bits or groups of bits in the operation code field to particular features of the instruction ; one bit , for example , might specify whether the result of an operation is to be placed in the accumulator , and another whether the fixed-point arithmetic unit is to be used by the operation .

We therefore attempt to hold the current program `` context `` in the fast accumulators as the program is executed ; since it may be difficult for a programmer or compiler to establish such a current context at each point , it has been proposed that the accumulator array be replaced by an associative store , and this is discussed in 5.5 .
we therefore [try] to hold the current program `` context `` in the fast accumulators as the program is executed ; since it may be difficult for a programmer or compiler to establish such a current context at each point , it has been proposed that the accumulator array be replaced by an associative store , and this is discussed in 5.5 .

In this section we attempt to provide a framework for discussion of a number of special instructions ( or groups of instructions ) , provided in current computers or proposed for the future , which do not naturally fit into these groups .
in this section we [try] to provide a framework for discussion of a number of special instructions ( or groups of instructions ) , provided in current computers or proposed for the future , which do not naturally fit into these groups .

The lower-level subskills involved in word recognition can become automatised through practice , and this is necessary so that the reader 's mind can be left free to attempt alternate integrations in order to calculate the writer 's intended meaning .
the lower-level subskills involved in word recognition can become automatised through practice , and this is necessary so that the reader 's mind can be left free to [try] alternate integrations in order to calculate the writer 's intended meaning .

It is interesting to trace the different ways in which these children attempt to synthesise the text , both of them with a basis of good oral reading .
it is interesting to trace the different ways in which these children [try] to synthesise the text , both of them with a basis of good oral reading .

The evidence , however , would suggest that in general schools either make little attempt to develop this ability in their pupils , or if they do , it is done very ineffectively .
the evidence , however , would suggest that in general schools either make little [try] to develop this ability in their pupils , or if they do , it is done very ineffectively .

This chapter will attempt to analyse some of the possibilities for the teaching of information skills in the primary school curriculum .
this chapter will [try] to analyse some of the possibilities for the teaching of information skills in the primary school curriculum .

This chapter will attempt to determine some of the reasons for this state of affairs and then will go on to suggest ways in which teachers can overcome these problems .
this chapter will [try] to determine some of the reasons for this state of affairs and then will go on to suggest ways in which teachers can overcome these problems .

The general picture , then , is of project work being rather a vague area , with little attempt being made to capitalise on its potential as a teaching technique .
the general picture , then , is of project work being rather a vague area , with little [try] being made to capitalise on its potential as a teaching technique .

She made no attempt to light one of the gas bowls and the vague glow from the fire did little to brighten the dimness of the room .
she made no [try] to light one of the gas bowls and the vague glow from the fire did little to brighten the dimness of the room .

He made no attempt to help Lee to his feet .
he made no [try] to help lee to his feet .

One result was Zermelo 's attempt ( 1908 ) to build a formal set theory on an axiomatic basis .
one result was zermelo 's [try] ( 1908 ) to build a formal set theory on an axiomatic basis .

It was apparently difficult to see if Ruffini 's proof was complete and despite a further attempt by him at the problem , in 1813 , the credit for supplying the first generally accepted proof of impossibility goes to Abel ( pronounced `` Arbel `` ) in 1824 .
it was apparently difficult to see if ruffini 's proof was complete and despite a further [try] by him at the problem , in 1813 , the credit for supplying the first generally accepted proof of impossibility goes to abel ( pronounced `` arbel `` ) in 1824 .

In 1874 and 1883 Sophus Lie ( pronounced `` Lee `` , Norwegian ) used the idea to attempt a classification and simplification of the solutions to certain differential equations .
in 1874 and 1883 sophus lie ( pronounced `` lee `` , norwegian ) used the idea to [try] a classification and simplification of the solutions to certain differential equations .

Common sense may want to brush this aside , as an unnecessarily sophisticated attempt to confuse the issue . ``
common sense may want to brush this aside , as an unnecessarily sophisticated [try] to confuse the issue . ``

Or do some represent a kind of verbal hijacking — an attempt to appropriate a term which does not properly or honestly belong in that context at all ?
or do some represent a kind of verbal hijacking — an [try] to appropriate a term which does not properly or honestly belong in that context at all ?

In such circumstances , some kind of compromise or attempt to reach a consensus may often be the most democratic as well as the most prudent course .
in such circumstances , some kind of compromise or [try] to reach a consensus may often be the most democratic as well as the most prudent course .

Although the prison is euphemistically called a rehabilitation centre , the women staff workers are known to arrange appointments for the prostitutes with the male guards in exchange for a small return and there is no attempt to train the women to help them find some other form of employment when they are freed .
although the prison is euphemistically called a rehabilitation centre , the women staff workers are known to arrange appointments for the prostitutes with the male guards in exchange for a small return and there is no [try] to train the women to help them find some other form of employment when they are freed .

There has been little attempt to create projects to promote women 's development and even less understanding of the issues involved .
there has been little [try] to create projects to promote women 's development and even less understanding of the issues involved .

While the state has made no attempt to erode traditional ideas about women 's role in society through the schools , many teachers are aware of the problem :
while the state has made no [try] to erode traditional ideas about women 's role in society through the schools , many teachers are aware of the problem :

It was slightly over a year later when we felt that conditions were suitable for another attempt .
it was slightly over a year later when we felt that conditions were suitable for another [try] .

The important thing to emphasize is that women are given the opportunity to participate in all areas of work and that there exists a definite attempt to organize and train women for tasks outside the domestic sphere , One finds many women who are in charge of supplies , or working in the munition workshops , in tailoring , shoe-making , pottery or local manufactures , such as hammocks and so on .
the important thing to emphasize is that women are given the opportunity to participate in all areas of work and that there exists a definite [try] to organize and train women for tasks outside the domestic sphere , one finds many women who are in charge of supplies , or working in the munition workshops , in tailoring , shoe-making , pottery or local manufactures , such as hammocks and so on .

While the way in which sexual relations are conducted obviously varies considerably from individual to individual and from zone to zone , generally speaking , there is an attempt to maintain a fairly strict control in the military camps , although this does not apply for the civilian population , nor should it be regarded as an indication of future attitudes .
while the way in which sexual relations are conducted obviously varies considerably from individual to individual and from zone to zone , generally speaking , there is an [try] to maintain a fairly strict control in the military camps , although this does not apply for the civilian population , nor should it be regarded as an indication of future attitudes .

In an attempt to account for some of the peculiarities of the sternopleural region , Ferris ( 1940 , etc . )
in an [try] to account for some of the peculiarities of the sternopleural region , ferris ( 1940 , etc . )

Examinations should enable candidates to demonstrate what they can do , and should not undermine the confidence of those who attempt them .
examinations should enable candidates to demonstrate what they can do , and should not undermine the confidence of those who [try] them .

For some pupils it will not be appropriate to attempt detailed calculation .
for some pupils it will not be appropriate to [try] detailed calculation .

Many of the lowest attainers have not distinguished the concepts of angle and space or length and so need tasks and concomitant criteria which attempt to clarify the distinction .
many of the lowest attainers have not distinguished the concepts of angle and space or length and so need tasks and concomitant criteria which [try] to clarify the distinction .

The analysis may appear to be unlike those which , to speak quickly and only of one central matter , describe something like a causal circumstance and an effect as two items which fall under a law , and then proceed to attempt to give an account of what a law is a true proposition of a certain character .
the analysis may appear to be unlike those which , to speak quickly and only of one central matter , describe something like a causal circumstance and an effect as two items which fall under a law , and then proceed to [try] to give an account of what a law is a true proposition of a certain character .

The attempt has been made , inevitably , to extend the idea of a means to cover all causal items .
the [try] has been made , inevitably , to extend the idea of a means to cover all causal items .

Since considerations of probability are to the fore in one part of actual scientific practice bearing on causation , and there is little attempt to go beyond them , and there is to hand the Probability Calculus , we are invited to take it that causation can come to no more than probability .
since considerations of probability are to the fore in one part of actual scientific practice bearing on causation , and there is little [try] to go beyond them , and there is to hand the probability calculus , we are invited to take it that causation can come to no more than probability .

( p. 73 ) That particular movement , essentially the attempt to reduce the facts of mentality to the measurable facts of bodily movement , has rightly collapsed .
( p. 73 ) that particular movement , essentially the [try] to reduce the facts of mentality to the measurable facts of bodily movement , has rightly collapsed .

It is very possible to sympathize in good part , if not entirely , with the psychologists and philosophers who were sceptical or uncertain of the worth of introspection as a source of knowledge , reluctant to attempt to deal with the unquantifiable , keen to be in accord with certain principles of scientific methodology , resistant to such free speculation as the Freudian kind , and who thus took the step of analysing ascriptions of consciousness into claims about no more than behaviour .
it is very possible to sympathize in good part , if not entirely , with the psychologists and philosophers who were sceptical or uncertain of the worth of introspection as a source of knowledge , reluctant to [try] to deal with the unquantifiable , keen to be in accord with certain principles of scientific methodology , resistant to such free speculation as the freudian kind , and who thus took the step of analysing ascriptions of consciousness into claims about no more than behaviour .

It is now generally recognized that the attempt to analyse consciousness in terms of behaviour amounted to flying in the face of the facts .
it is now generally recognized that the [try] to analyse consciousness in terms of behaviour amounted to flying in the face of the facts .

Several properly ambitious philosophers attempt to bring consciousness into view by speaking , with respect to a conscious thing , of what it is like to be that thing .
several properly ambitious philosophers [try] to bring consciousness into view by speaking , with respect to a conscious thing , of what it is like to be that thing .

As for the mentioned activity , an attempt must be made to understand it in a way consonant with what has been said of contents and objects , that they are not states of affairs or ordinary things , and also with a further fact , that there are various modes of consciousness .
as for the mentioned activity , an [try] must be made to understand it in a way consonant with what has been said of contents and objects , that they are not states of affairs or ordinary things , and also with a further fact , that there are various modes of consciousness .

It seems that any attempt to conceive of a content of a mental event , separately from its inherent subject , is in a way futile .
it seems that any [try] to conceive of a content of a mental event , separately from its inherent subject , is in a way futile .

The orthodox viewpoint is that , as each successive Parliament has the power to pass or repeal any legislation , any attempt to bind Parliament by entrenching a statutory provision , would be ineffective .
the orthodox viewpoint is that , as each successive parliament has the power to pass or repeal any legislation , any [try] to bind parliament by entrenching a statutory provision , would be ineffective .

Conventions have been introduced at every stage of our constitutional development in an attempt to regulate or define the use of that power .
conventions have been introduced at every stage of our constitutional development in an [try] to regulate or define the use of that power .

Yet it has proved necessary to attempt this task to determine the appropriate checks and balances in the system .
yet it has proved necessary to [try] this task to determine the appropriate checks and balances in the system .

An informal attempt to provide more official information was begun in 1977 when following the `` Croham Directive `` there was encouragement to government departments to make available background material relating to policy studies and reports .
an informal [try] to provide more official information was begun in 1977 when following the `` croham directive `` there was encouragement to government departments to make available background material relating to policy studies and reports .

This procedure was introduced in an attempt to save time on the floor of the House and is used for unopposed and non controversial legislation .
this procedure was introduced in an [try] to save time on the floor of the house and is used for unopposed and non controversial legislation .

An attempt to interfere with a Member 's freedom of action .
an [try] to interfere with a member 's freedom of action .

An attempt at reform was instigated in 1968 where a bill providing for a two-tier system of voting and non-voting peers was introduced .
an [try] at reform was instigated in 1968 where a bill providing for a two-tier system of voting and non-voting peers was introduced .

The right to demonstrate against unpopular causes has long been considered a bulwark of liberty in any civilised society , enabling groups within that society to attempt to influence public opinion , to express their solidarity , to pressurise government and publicise their cause .
the right to demonstrate against unpopular causes has long been considered a bulwark of liberty in any civilised society , enabling groups within that society to [try] to influence public opinion , to express their solidarity , to pressurise government and publicise their cause .

( ii ) the organisation or training of a body whose purpose is either ( a ) to usurp the function of the police or the armed forces ; or ( b ) to use or display force in an attempt to achieve a political objective , an offence .
( ii ) the organisation or training of a body whose purpose is either ( a ) to usurp the function of the police or the armed forces ; or ( b ) to use or display force in an [try] to achieve a political objective , an offence .

Maury 's dream could be a good example of this sort of attempt at comprehension of a series of striking but unconnected images and sensations , a form of the `` effort after meaning `` that the Cambridge psychologist Sir Frederick Bartlett ascribed to normal waking memory processes in the first half of this century .
maury 's dream could be a good example of this sort of [try] at comprehension of a series of striking but unconnected images and sensations , a form of the `` effort after meaning `` that the cambridge psychologist sir frederick bartlett ascribed to normal waking memory processes in the first half of this century .

Whatever the limitations of the psychoanalytic approach to dream analysis , it does at least attempt to take this into account , and the procedure of showing films , however vivid and disturbing , and then observing spontaneous dream reports , is intrinsically limited by the construction that the individual role puts on the film and the experiment itself .
whatever the limitations of the psychoanalytic approach to dream analysis , it does at least [try] to take this into account , and the procedure of showing films , however vivid and disturbing , and then observing spontaneous dream reports , is intrinsically limited by the construction that the individual role puts on the film and the experiment itself .

Modern exponents of this ideal include Anne Faraday and Paul Garfield , whose books encourage the reader not only to keep dream diaries but to attempt to alter their dreams .
modern exponents of this ideal include anne faraday and paul garfield , whose books encourage the reader not only to keep dream diaries but to [try] to alter their dreams .

Metaphor and symbolism are intrinsic to both , and it seems only reasonable to attempt to treat dreaming as normal and creative unless good evidence emerges that it is indeed pathological .
metaphor and symbolism are intrinsic to both , and it seems only reasonable to [try] to treat dreaming as normal and creative unless good evidence emerges that it is indeed pathological .

Once the tasks which are particularly sensitive to the effects of even one night 's loss of sleep had been identified , it became feasible to attempt to establish how little sleep is enough to prevent any of the effects of sleep loss .
once the tasks which are particularly sensitive to the effects of even one night 's loss of sleep had been identified , it became feasible to [try] to establish how little sleep is enough to prevent any of the effects of sleep loss .

Longer-term effects were studied in four young couples , three who normally slept about 8 hours every night , and one who slept 6.5 hours a night , who volunteered to attempt to reduce their sleep progressively to 4.5 hours a night over a period of between six and eight months .
longer-term effects were studied in four young couples , three who normally slept about 8 hours every night , and one who slept 6.5 hours a night , who volunteered to [try] to reduce their sleep progressively to 4.5 hours a night over a period of between six and eight months .

Embryos from both induced and normal ovulations show asynchrony in development from an early stage of cleavage and preparatory techniques have to be devised to attempt to recover as many as possible with analysable chromosomes .
embryos from both induced and normal ovulations show asynchrony in development from an early stage of cleavage and preparatory techniques have to be devised to [try] to recover as many as possible with analysable chromosomes .

In America this is an open attempt to put across a particular view to Members of Congress .
in america this is an open [try] to put across a particular view to members of congress .

If you have a regional accent , do not attempt to change it to standard English .
if you have a regional accent , do not [try] to change it to standard english .

The child now turns the paper over , or covers his first attempt , if it was right , and writes it again from memory .
the child now turns the paper over , or covers his first [try] , if it was right , and writes it again from memory .

Sometimes the error is a phonic attempt , as in ment , relived ; sometimes it is a non-auditory error , as in sared ( scared ) , fligs ( flings ) , canged ( changed ) .
sometimes the error is a phonic [try] , as in ment , relived ; sometimes it is a non-auditory error , as in sared ( scared ) , fligs ( flings ) , canged ( changed ) .

In twelve cases , it seems that the pupil 's attempt at spelling the diphthong has caused the trouble
in twelve cases , it seems that the pupil 's [try] at spelling the diphthong has caused the trouble

( make ) Both in the same script : the difference in the attempt to spell the same word indicates fairly clearly a weak visual memory .
( make ) both in the same script : the difference in the [try] to spell the same word indicates fairly clearly a weak visual memory .

mise chifing is a bold attempt , but the addition of the `` e `` shows that the child does n't fully understand the effect of the e-marker in such contexts as -a-e , -i-e , etc .
mise chifing is a bold [try] , but the addition of the `` e `` shows that the child does n't fully understand the effect of the e-marker in such contexts as -a-e , -i-e , etc .

So writing grew out of an attempt to reproduce speech in a permanent form .
so writing grew out of an [try] to reproduce speech in a permanent form .

Speech is not an attempt to pronounce written words .
speech is not an [try] to pronounce written words .

( Another example of this attempt to separate similar words , as a matter of interest , is the number of occasions where identical words are distinguished by doubling letters — of and off , to and too ( but not two , which comes from a different root — twegen ) and more subtle ones like in and inn .
( another example of this [try] to separate similar words , as a matter of interest , is the number of occasions where identical words are distinguished by doubling letters — of and off , to and too ( but not two , which comes from a different root — twegen ) and more subtle ones like in and inn .

Rossmayne made no attempt to fake a lack of understanding .
rossmayne made no [try] to fake a lack of understanding .

The marquis made one belated attempt to warn her .
the marquis made one belated [try] to warn her .

So in the late 1890s , another attempt , this time apparently not vetoed by the membership , was made to organize a women 's union .
so in the late 1890s , another [try] , this time apparently not vetoed by the membership , was made to organize a women 's union .

Since later events were to show that women compositors were by no means incapable of taking action , we may be sceptical about `` apathy `` as the sole explanation for the collapse of the early attempt to form a union .
since later events were to show that women compositors were by no means incapable of taking action , we may be sceptical about `` apathy `` as the sole explanation for the collapse of the early [try] to form a union .

Take every opportunity to observe and ask questions , but do not attempt to carry out any procedures you have not been taught .
take every opportunity to observe and ask questions , but do not [try] to carry out any procedures you have not been taught .

The rate of heart contractions increases in an attempt to preserve blood flow to the vital organs .
the rate of heart contractions increases in an [try] to preserve blood flow to the vital organs .

The body may attempt to make up for sleep lost at night by naps in the day , which can sometimes disturb the body 's natural rhythm .
the body may [try] to make up for sleep lost at night by naps in the day , which can sometimes disturb the body 's natural rhythm .

" At this time of night ? " the policewoman said smartly , in an attempt to regain mastery .
" at this time of night ? " the policewoman said smartly , in an [try] to regain mastery .

In this model the strategies of the researcher are compared with those of the private detective and investigative journalist in his attempt to get `` beneath the surface `` of the apparent reality ( Fletcher , 1974 ) .
in this model the strategies of the researcher are compared with those of the private detective and investigative journalist in his [try] to get `` beneath the surface `` of the apparent reality ( fletcher , 1974 ) .

Other departmental proposals were considered : They were all valid in their own right , but … too narrow , and we felt that they were ones which we would have to attempt to deal with out of capitation . ( Head of history )
other departmental proposals were considered : they were all valid in their own right , but … too narrow , and we felt that they were ones which we would have to [try] to deal with out of capitation . ( head of history )

There may well be long-term effects which will be felt in any subsequent attempt to float such a project .
there may well be long-term effects which will be felt in any subsequent [try] to float such a project .

In the evaluators ' view , the county is to be congratulated on undertaking a project of this type in an attempt to overcome some of the inadequacies that characterise school library provision and curriculum planning within and beyond Essex .
in the evaluators ' view , the county is to be congratulated on undertaking a project of this type in an [try] to overcome some of the inadequacies that characterise school library provision and curriculum planning within and beyond essex .

We do not attempt to provide systematic instructions or guidelines as to how to establish Compacts .
we do not [try] to provide systematic instructions or guidelines as to how to establish compacts .

It is important that Compacts be designed with sufficient flexibility for those students who are failing at a certain stage , to negotiate re-entry and a further attempt at the goals .
it is important that compacts be designed with sufficient flexibility for those students who are failing at a certain stage , to negotiate re-entry and a further [try] at the goals .

Allowing for these considerations , the manager must attempt to match the availability of staff with the needs of patients , which in the main requires an even distribution of staff absence .
allowing for these considerations , the manager must [try] to match the availability of staff with the needs of patients , which in the main requires an even distribution of staff absence .

Has an attempt been made to identify nurses in the local community who would be prepared to work on a casual basis ?
has an [try] been made to identify nurses in the local community who would be prepared to work on a casual basis ?

This led to an attempt by Chris to measure the chest depth and head size of the others .
this led to an [try] by chris to measure the chest depth and head size of the others .

No one felt like risking an attempt on Gloucester Road to South Kensington .
no one felt like risking an [try] on gloucester road to south kensington .

He made no attempt to re-enter the system without paying but bought two tickets from the machine while the bear waited meekly with bowed head .
he made no [try] to re-enter the system without paying but bought two tickets from the machine while the bear waited meekly with bowed head .

It was well-staged and well-sung ; and even if one had to put up with such seed pearls of wisdom as ‘ Beauty is in a lover 's eyes ’ , it was none the less a serious attempt to deal with the implications of the legend .
it was well-staged and well-sung ; and even if one had to put up with such seed pearls of wisdom as ‘ beauty is in a lover 's eyes ’ , it was none the less a serious [try] to deal with the implications of the legend .

From another point of view , Newton has reconsidered the whole debate in an attempt to assess the impact of size both on functional effectiveness and democracy .
from another point of view , newton has reconsidered the whole debate in an [try] to assess the impact of size both on functional effectiveness and democracy .

Thus the approach of the Royal Commissions would appear to have been justified , but no doubt the ‘ classical conundrum ’ will continue to cause controversy despite Newton 's attempt to shift the discussion to firmer ground .
thus the approach of the royal commissions would appear to have been justified , but no doubt the ‘ classical conundrum ’ will continue to cause controversy despite newton 's [try] to shift the discussion to firmer ground .

The reduction in the proportional importance of government grants to local authorities accompanied a general attempt by governments in the 1970s and 1980s to reduce public expenditure .
the reduction in the proportional importance of government grants to local authorities accompanied a general [try] by governments in the 1970s and 1980s to reduce public expenditure .

the establishment of women 's committees in some local authorities in the 1980s was an attempt to counter the male bias within the system .
the establishment of women 's committees in some local authorities in the 1980s was an [try] to counter the male bias within the system .

But you know there are a lot of young white youths that attempt to copy black culture .
but you know there are a lot of young white youths that [try] to copy black culture .

In fact , the action was widely seen as an attempt by George Bush 's close pal , President Turgut Ozal , to prove himself more militantly anti-Kurd than his chief rival , Suleyman Demirel , in the run-up to the October 20th general election .
in fact , the action was widely seen as an [try] by george bush 's close pal , president turgut ozal , to prove himself more militantly anti-kurd than his chief rival , suleyman demirel , in the run-up to the october 20th general election .

Sociologists may attempt to improve on this by detailing specific areas of behaviour in which they are interested : how people behave in families , why some people are involved in crime , why some children perform better at school , and so on .
sociologists may [try] to improve on this by detailing specific areas of behaviour in which they are interested : how people behave in families , why some people are involved in crime , why some children perform better at school , and so on .

There is no attempt to understand or explain the phenomenon in terms of wider social forces .
there is no [try] to understand or explain the phenomenon in terms of wider social forces .

First of all , a ‘ frame ’ or definition of the situation must be established — ‘ is this an intellectual conversation between colleagues or an attempt at flirtation ?
first of all , a ‘ frame ’ or definition of the situation must be established — ‘ is this an intellectual conversation between colleagues or an [try] at flirtation ?

This means that social interaction requires mutual effort by the actors as they attempt to establish the definition of the situation for each other and negotiate appropriate behaviour for themselves and for the other .
this means that social interaction requires mutual effort by the actors as they [try] to establish the definition of the situation for each other and negotiate appropriate behaviour for themselves and for the other .

Traditionalist ‘ defenders of the family ’ may actively attempt to influence behaviour .
traditionalist ‘ defenders of the family ’ may actively [try] to influence behaviour .

Thus ruling groups are likely to attempt to ‘ engineer the consent of the ruled ’ so that they accept their own subordination and disadvantage .
thus ruling groups are likely to [try] to ‘ engineer the consent of the ruled ’ so that they accept their own subordination and disadvantage .

Any form of scientific endeavour must attempt to transcend its time and place to sustain an independent , doubting stance .
any form of scientific endeavour must [try] to transcend its time and place to sustain an independent , doubting stance .

On the third attempt James Dougal brought the lifeboat close enough for a heaving line to be thrown to the divers .
on the third [try] james dougal brought the lifeboat close enough for a heaving line to be thrown to the divers .

However , there was concern for the two survivors aboard the lifeboat , who were severely seasick , and an attempt was made to land them at St Abbs .
however , there was concern for the two survivors aboard the lifeboat , who were severely seasick , and an [try] was made to land them at st abbs .

The Waveney continued her search until 1900 , when an attempt was made to winch the two survivors into a helicopter , but this too had to be abandoned because of the extreme conditions .
the waveney continued her search until 1900 , when an [try] was made to winch the two survivors into a helicopter , but this too had to be abandoned because of the extreme conditions .

George Williamson and three other men did not hesitate to launch to the aid of Ralph Pottinger , even though the coastguard had advised them not to attempt a rescue , and they cast off from Scalloway Harbour at 2138 , aboard Challenge , a steel-built 36ft salmon work boat .
george williamson and three other men did not hesitate to launch to the aid of ralph pottinger , even though the coastguard had advised them not to [try] a rescue , and they cast off from scalloway harbour at 2138 , aboard challenge , a steel-built 36ft salmon work boat .

The casualty was lying beam-on to the swell , and dead in the water with no engine power , so the helicopter 's attempt to lift the survivors had so far been unsuccessful .
the casualty was lying beam-on to the swell , and dead in the water with no engine power , so the helicopter 's [try] to lift the survivors had so far been unsuccessful .

Assistant mechanic Jonas found a chip pan on fire in the galley and put it out — this could have caused serious problems for the salvage attempt by a tug on the way from Lowestoft .
assistant mechanic jonas found a chip pan on fire in the galley and put it out — this could have caused serious problems for the salvage [try] by a tug on the way from lowestoft .

Within the confines of the hall escape was difficult and the individual fights spread to a general melee Joyce , hardened by the playground combats and the punishments of St Ignatius Loyola , trained in the gymnasium of Battersea Polytechnic , led his squad of Fascisti in an attempt to impose order .
within the confines of the hall escape was difficult and the individual fights spread to a general melee joyce , hardened by the playground combats and the punishments of st ignatius loyola , trained in the gymnasium of battersea polytechnic , led his squad of fascisti in an [try] to impose order .

He always insisted that ‘ an attempt was made to cut my throat but the razor slashed a quarter of an inch too high .
he always insisted that ‘ an [try] was made to cut my throat but the razor slashed a quarter of an inch too high .

It marked the turning of the tide in public opinion and , more notably , the defeat of any attempt at moderation by Mosley .
it marked the turning of the tide in public opinion and , more notably , the defeat of any [try] at moderation by mosley .

His opponents , massed in Cable Street , were determined that he should not pass , and 6,000 police were needed to keep order and to make an attempt at clearing the way .
his opponents , massed in cable street , were determined that he should not pass , and 6,000 police were needed to keep order and to make an [try] at clearing the way .

Joyce insisted that he had merely been trying to make his way through the group and had pushed the man in an attempt to get past .
joyce insisted that he had merely been trying to make his way through the group and had pushed the man in an [try] to get past .

The Sino-Japanese War of 1894–95 occurred because of the Japanese desire to establish a presence in the kingdom of Korea and the Chinese attempt to thwart this ambition .
the sino-japanese war of 1894–95 occurred because of the japanese desire to establish a presence in the kingdom of korea and the chinese [try] to thwart this ambition .

He badgered the State Department in an attempt to gain recognition but he was regarded as a tiresome person of no real importance by the bureaucrats in the Roosevelt administration .
he badgered the state department in an [try] to gain recognition but he was regarded as a tiresome person of no real importance by the bureaucrats in the roosevelt administration .

The Joint Commission reconvened in a final attempt to make some progress .
the joint commission reconvened in a final [try] to make some progress .

If not now , it soon will be capable of achieving complete air superiority over south of the 38th Parallel , and of materially assisting the North Korean ground forces should they attempt to move into South Korea .
if not now , it soon will be capable of achieving complete air superiority over south of the 38th parallel , and of materially assisting the north korean ground forces should they [try] to move into south korea .

remain in Japan even after the Peace Treaty , since the Japanese police were too few and their armament inadequate to maintain public order should the Communists attempt an offensive in Asia as they had already done in Europe .
remain in japan even after the peace treaty , since the japanese police were too few and their armament inadequate to maintain public order should the communists [try] an offensive in asia as they had already done in europe .

Or attempt to explore with a Central European Jew the precise nature of the ties that he or she feels with a culture which down the centuries has been responsible for so much persecution and pain .
or [try] to explore with a central european jew the precise nature of the ties that he or she feels with a culture which down the centuries has been responsible for so much persecution and pain .

The ‘ demographic transition model ’ , first put forward sixty years ago ( Thompson 1929 , Davis 1945 , Notestein 1945 ) is an attempt to answer these questions .
the ‘ demographic transition model ’ , first put forward sixty years ago ( thompson 1929 , davis 1945 , notestein 1945 ) is an [try] to answer these questions .

It will attempt to assess the overall stability of the pattern and discuss the underlying forces which affect it .
it will [try] to assess the overall stability of the pattern and discuss the underlying forces which affect it .

Ebenezer Howard 's ‘ garden city ’ movement was one man 's attempt to express the desire for a more suburban type of existence , although this was only ever fully developed in Welwyn Garden City and Letchworth .
ebenezer howard 's ‘ garden city ’ movement was one man 's [try] to express the desire for a more suburban type of existence , although this was only ever fully developed in welwyn garden city and letchworth .

Biological explanations of fertility based on principles of maximizing a broadly defined reproductive success ( Wilson 1975 ) have been useful in non-human species and have been applied to human populations with natural fertility ( Borgerhoff-Mulder 1987 ) , in an attempt to relate reproductive success with the resources available to women .
biological explanations of fertility based on principles of maximizing a broadly defined reproductive success ( wilson 1975 ) have been useful in non-human species and have been applied to human populations with natural fertility ( borgerhoff-mulder 1987 ) , in an [try] to relate reproductive success with the resources available to women .

To make sense of the trends in overall fertility , and to attempt to answer questions about future family size , we need to know more of the ‘ components ’ of the changes in annual births .
to make sense of the trends in overall fertility , and to [try] to answer questions about future family size , we need to know more of the ‘ components ’ of the changes in annual births .

Mr Merlyn Rees as Labour Home Secretary had given voice to the more usually reticent position early in 1978 when he charged Mrs Thatcher with ‘ an irresponsible and dangerous approach to law and order … whipping up people 's fears in a ‘ cynical ’ ’ attempt to win votes ' .
mr merlyn rees as labour home secretary had given voice to the more usually reticent position early in 1978 when he charged mrs thatcher with ‘ an irresponsible and dangerous approach to law and order … whipping up people 's fears in a ‘ cynical ’ ’ [try] to win votes ' .

In 1936 the Football Association found it necessary to issue a memorandum on rough play , in an attempt to stamp out excessive violence and the ‘ professional foul ’ which is so often identified as the hallmark of the debased traditions of sportsmanship in postwar football .
in 1936 the football association found it necessary to issue a memorandum on rough play , in an [try] to stamp out excessive violence and the ‘ professional foul ’ which is so often identified as the hallmark of the debased traditions of sportsmanship in postwar football .

While the police were thus tied down , in the Garngad district there was ‘ an organised attempt at looting ’ .
while the police were thus tied down , in the garngad district there was ‘ an organised [try] at looting ’ .

An attempt was made to rescue William ‘ Fatty ’ Gould , for example , the accused in the Redcross Court murder case , when he appeared at the inquest : ‘ assailed by a savage mob ’ outside the court who shouted their encouragement , ‘ You will be all right , Bill !
an [try] was made to rescue william ‘ fatty ’ gould , for example , the accused in the redcross court murder case , when he appeared at the inquest : ‘ assailed by a savage mob ’ outside the court who shouted their encouragement , ‘ you will be all right , bill !

The names and dates tell their own story : the Treason Act of 1842 , passed after an impotent attempt to frighten the sovereign by a young hunchback with a faultily loaded pistol ; the Vagrancy Act of 1824 which allowed the flogging of ‘ incorrigible rogues ’ , commonly elderly tramps , and which has come into more recent notoriety through the ‘ sus ’ laws ; the Diplomatic Privileges Act of 1708 which offered protection to Ambassadors and their servants ; and the Knacker 's Act of 1786 which dealt with the irregular slaughter of horses and cattle .
the names and dates tell their own story : the treason act of 1842 , passed after an impotent [try] to frighten the sovereign by a young hunchback with a faultily loaded pistol ; the vagrancy act of 1824 which allowed the flogging of ‘ incorrigible rogues ’ , commonly elderly tramps , and which has come into more recent notoriety through the ‘ sus ’ laws ; the diplomatic privileges act of 1708 which offered protection to ambassadors and their servants ; and the knacker 's act of 1786 which dealt with the irregular slaughter of horses and cattle .

An attempt to bring Eyre to justice on a trial of murder , spearheaded by John Stuart Mill , was to prove unsuccessful in spite of the Lord Chief Justice 's eloquent support for his indictment .
an [try] to bring eyre to justice on a trial of murder , spearheaded by john stuart mill , was to prove unsuccessful in spite of the lord chief justice 's eloquent support for his indictment .

In 1416 the French made a serious attempt to regain Harfleur , which they blockaded by land and sea .
in 1416 the french made a serious [try] to regain harfleur , which they blockaded by land and sea .

Joan received permission and active encouragement to attempt what she claimed she had been sent to carry out .
joan received permission and active encouragement to [try] what she claimed she had been sent to carry out .

In 1439 a further attempt was made to secure a diplomatic settlement when the French , the English , and the Burgundians ( but not the representatives of the Church , excluded by the English for their alleged partiality at Arras ) met near Calais in the summer of that year .
in 1439 a further [try] was made to secure a diplomatic settlement when the french , the english , and the burgundians ( but not the representatives of the church , excluded by the english for their alleged partiality at arras ) met near calais in the summer of that year .

In this way of thinking war was seen as an attempt to pursue a ‘ reasonable ’ claim which was being forcibly threatened or attacked , which implied not merely the use of force but the means of persuasion ( propaganda ) and discussion ( negotiation ) as well .
in this way of thinking war was seen as an [try] to pursue a ‘ reasonable ’ claim which was being forcibly threatened or attacked , which implied not merely the use of force but the means of persuasion ( propaganda ) and discussion ( negotiation ) as well .

For the English kings , on the other hand , war was an attempt to assert historic and feudal rights to Aquitaine , Normandy , and other parts of France , as well as their legal claim to the French crown , which had been unjustly denied them by successive French kings .
for the english kings , on the other hand , war was an [try] to assert historic and feudal rights to aquitaine , normandy , and other parts of france , as well as their legal claim to the french crown , which had been unjustly denied them by successive french kings .

The Crusades , in one view , had been an attempt to restore Christ 's inheritance ( into which he had entered in triumph ) both to him and to his heirs , the Christian community .
the crusades , in one view , had been an [try] to restore christ 's inheritance ( into which he had entered in triumph ) both to him and to his heirs , the christian community .

In England , an attempt was made in 1316 to cut down the amount of luxurious food which the nobility might consume .
in england , an [try] was made in 1316 to cut down the amount of luxurious food which the nobility might consume .

It was for reasons such as this that every attempt was made to bring a measure of order to war .
it was for reasons such as this that every [try] was made to bring a measure of order to war .

The causes lying behind such a declaration had to be serious ( the denial of rights , the breaking of the feudal bond ) , and every attempt to resolve a possible conflict by negotiation had to be made .
the causes lying behind such a declaration had to be serious ( the denial of rights , the breaking of the feudal bond ) , and every [try] to resolve a possible conflict by negotiation had to be made .

This is certainly true of the Hundred Years War , and it is as well to remember that at Crécy , Poitiers , and Agincourt , although the English emerged as victors , on each occasion they were not entering the French kingdom to attempt its conquest , but were actually leaving it , heading for the coast in search of transport to take them back to England , the main aim of the expedition already fulfilled .
this is certainly true of the hundred years war , and it is as well to remember that at crécy , poitiers , and agincourt , although the english emerged as victors , on each occasion they were not entering the french kingdom to [try] its conquest , but were actually leaving it , heading for the coast in search of transport to take them back to england , the main aim of the expedition already fulfilled .

This is the first ever attempt to reassemble those pictures which Monet painted and exhibited in series , and which have been taken as the epitome of his desire for ‘ instaneity ’ .
this is the first ever [try] to reassemble those pictures which monet painted and exhibited in series , and which have been taken as the epitome of his desire for ‘ instaneity ’ .

According to some experts , this constitutes proof that the Chinese authorities recognise Islam as a powerful religious force within modern China and may be an attempt to allow Muslims to play a part as a nominally autonomous group within the country .
according to some experts , this constitutes proof that the chinese authorities recognise islam as a powerful religious force within modern china and may be an [try] to allow muslims to play a part as a nominally autonomous group within the country .

You have almost certainly known for quite some while that one cycle is coming to a close and that it would be foolish even to attempt to defy the winds of change .
you have almost certainly known for quite some while that one cycle is coming to a close and that it would be foolish even to [try] to defy the winds of change .

It is squarely in the scientific tradition and is a conscious attempt to apply scientific method to international relations .
it is squarely in the scientific tradition and is a conscious [try] to apply scientific method to international relations .

It has been in the initial stage in which wishing prevails over thinking , generalisation over observation , and in which little attempt is made at a critical analysis of existing facts or available means .
it has been in the initial stage in which wishing prevails over thinking , generalisation over observation , and in which little [try] is made at a critical analysis of existing facts or available means .

Carr commented that ‘ as soon as the attempt is made to apply these supposedly abstract principles to a concrete political situation , they are revealed as the transparent disguises of selfish vested interests .
carr commented that ‘ as soon as the [try] is made to apply these supposedly abstract principles to a concrete political situation , they are revealed as the transparent disguises of selfish vested interests .

The first is an attempt to rectify Realism 's inability to deal with economic issues .
the first is an [try] to rectify realism 's inability to deal with economic issues .

Then we shall stand back and ask what notion of scientific explanation best suits the attempt to apply the methods of natural science to the world of international relations .
then we shall stand back and ask what notion of scientific explanation best suits the [try] to apply the methods of natural science to the world of international relations .

On the other hand , a neat , simple , and not implausible scientific method can be offered using no more than constancy , and ‘ Realism ’ coincided with a distinguished attempt at this .
on the other hand , a neat , simple , and not implausible scientific method can be offered using no more than constancy , and ‘ realism ’ coincided with a distinguished [try] at this .

The attempt was inspired by the work of the Logical Positivists in the 1930s , notably Rudolph Carnap , Carl Hempel , and Ernest Nagel , and prompted very many social scientists to believe that scientific method could be boldly distilled in diagrams like Figure 3.1 .
the [try] was inspired by the work of the logical positivists in the 1930s , notably rudolph carnap , carl hempel , and ernest nagel , and prompted very many social scientists to believe that scientific method could be boldly distilled in diagrams like figure 3.1 .

Any attempt to nail down individuals with the aid of rules and collective values seems doomed to vague and complex generalities .
any [try] to nail down individuals with the aid of rules and collective values seems doomed to vague and complex generalities .

An ambitious theory of rational choice , coupled with Game Theory , can attempt to account for rules , practices , and institutions , as we shall see in Chapter 6 .
an ambitious theory of rational choice , coupled with game theory , can [try] to account for rules , practices , and institutions , as we shall see in chapter 6 .

And biblical material is composed of words ( themselves translations of other words ) which attempt to convey ideas .
and biblical material is composed of words ( themselves translations of other words ) which [try] to convey ideas .

There has obviously been some attempt to alter and/or censor , but something of the truth can nevertheless be teased out of the fragments that remain .
there has obviously been some [try] to alter and/or censor , but something of the truth can nevertheless be teased out of the fragments that remain .

But neither the Gospels nor later Christian tradition attempt to answer them .
but neither the gospels nor later christian tradition [try] to answer them .

His triumphal entry into Jerusalem , for example , represents an attempt to conform to one of them .
his triumphal entry into jerusalem , for example , represents an [try] to conform to one of them .

At the same time , Priscillian made an active attempt to acquire material that lay outside the province of the Roman Church .
at the same time , priscillian made an active [try] to acquire material that lay outside the province of the roman church .

Any attempt at forcible conquest — by the word or by the sword — could easily have been neutralised or repelled .
any [try] at forcible conquest — by the word or by the sword — could easily have been neutralised or repelled .

Given these factors , any attempt to brand the Celtic Church heretical would only have entailed the complete loss of Ireland .
given these factors , any [try] to brand the celtic church heretical would only have entailed the complete loss of ireland .

It also links with Chapter 3 , which reports on a second survey of known drug users conducted during the following year ( 1985–6 ) , and in which , with the aid of a theoretical model of outbreaks of heroin use , we attempt to use our research findings to forecast future trends in heroin use .
it also links with chapter 3 , which reports on a second survey of known drug users conducted during the following year ( 1985–6 ) , and in which , with the aid of a theoretical model of outbreaks of heroin use , we [try] to use our research findings to forecast future trends in heroin use .

As stated earlier , rather than attempt such difficult tasks as counting all ‘ illegal drug users ’ , ‘ regular drug users ’ or ‘ non-medical drug users ’ , we decided to count all ‘ problem drug users ’ .
as stated earlier , rather than [try] such difficult tasks as counting all ‘ illegal drug users ’ , ‘ regular drug users ’ or ‘ non-medical drug users ’ , we decided to count all ‘ problem drug users ’ .

More sophisticated and complex computer models of the heroin ‘ epidemic ’ can be constructed to produce precise estimates for the future , but given the many untestable assumptions of ‘ epidemic ’ models ( particularly those based only on figures for known users during a relatively short time period , as in the present case ) , we did not attempt such an exercise .
more sophisticated and complex computer models of the heroin ‘ epidemic ’ can be constructed to produce precise estimates for the future , but given the many untestable assumptions of ‘ epidemic ’ models ( particularly those based only on figures for known users during a relatively short time period , as in the present case ) , we did not [try] such an exercise .

Many countries , mainly those in the civil law tradition , have made this declaration , including Belgium , Czechoslovakia , Egypt , France , Germany , Luxembourg , Norway , Portugal , Seychelles and Turkey ( but not Italy ) ; accordingly an attempt to serve process via a United States Vice-Consul in the German Federal Republic has been held to be ineffective and the Netherlands Ministry of External Affairs was held to have acted properly when it refused to accept a document intended for service via the diplomatic channel on a defendant in France .
many countries , mainly those in the civil law tradition , have made this declaration , including belgium , czechoslovakia , egypt , france , germany , luxembourg , norway , portugal , seychelles and turkey ( but not italy ) ; accordingly an [try] to serve process via a united states vice-consul in the german federal republic has been held to be ineffective and the netherlands ministry of external affairs was held to have acted properly when it refused to accept a document intended for service via the diplomatic channel on a defendant in france .

No attempt is made in the Convention to prescribe details of procedure for the payment or reimbursement of costs .
no [try] is made in the convention to prescribe details of procedure for the payment or reimbursement of costs .

No attempt is made to explore the practical effects of the rule .
no [try] is made to explore the practical effects of the rule .

Witnesses and documents located there are required to be taken out of that country for production before the authorities of the United States or before persons acting with the backing of the courts of that country ; it must appear to be an attempt to give world-wide application to the procedural rules of the United States .
witnesses and documents located there are required to be taken out of that country for production before the authorities of the united states or before persons acting with the backing of the courts of that country ; it must appear to be an [try] to give world-wide application to the procedural rules of the united states .

Social isolation is a very nebulous concept to attempt to quantify .
social isolation is a very nebulous concept to [try] to quantify .

These stereotypes form the context within which to attempt to consider the health of older people and the relationship between health and ageing and variations in health status within the older age groups , using a variety of different measures including mortality , morbidity and disability .
these stereotypes form the context within which to [try] to consider the health of older people and the relationship between health and ageing and variations in health status within the older age groups , using a variety of different measures including mortality , morbidity and disability .

Clearly this is an attempt to impose a national screening and surveillance programme to monitor the health of older people .
clearly this is an [try] to impose a national screening and surveillance programme to monitor the health of older people .

Above all , the reader is led into the inevitable decline from triumph to despair not by authorial direction but obliquely through Judd 's halting attempt to understand what has happened .
above all , the reader is led into the inevitable decline from triumph to despair not by authorial direction but obliquely through judd 's halting [try] to understand what has happened .

Besides , Rider Haggard 's attempt to present ‘ She ’ as a kind of divinity seems nowadays either absurdly grandiose or ludicrous .
besides , rider haggard 's [try] to present ‘ she ’ as a kind of divinity seems nowadays either absurdly grandiose or ludicrous .

In the province of Santa Barbara , in 1887 , as we learn in Odtaa ( chronologically the first book , though written and published second ) a mad dictator , Don Lopez , withstands a determined but seemingly hopeless attempt by a heroic friend of the people , Don Manuel , to overthrow his tyranny .
in the province of santa barbara , in 1887 , as we learn in odtaa ( chronologically the first book , though written and published second ) a mad dictator , don lopez , withstands a determined but seemingly hopeless [try] by a heroic friend of the people , don manuel , to overthrow his tyranny .

The dangerous journey in store for Sard is not in fact in pursuit of the ideal woman , but a prosaic attempt to get back to his ship before it sails , an attempt frustrated by the theft of his bicycle and by wanderings that involve him with a silver-train and a period in gaol , the traverse of an appalling desert and a rock-strewn mountain .
the dangerous journey in store for sard is not in fact in pursuit of the ideal woman , but a prosaic [try] to get back to his ship before it sails , an [try] frustrated by the theft of his bicycle and by wanderings that involve him with a silver-train and a period in gaol , the traverse of an appalling desert and a rock-strewn mountain .

The boy had never been told that his father was killed in battle in Flavonia , in an earlier attempt to seize the throne for the Vallens dynasty .
the boy had never been told that his father was killed in battle in flavonia , in an earlier [try] to seize the throne for the vallens dynasty .

Author Judy Corbalis and illustrator Celia Berridge draw , chat , juggle , show their newest books , tell stories and attempt to ad-lib a book together live !
author judy corbalis and illustrator celia berridge draw , chat , juggle , show their newest books , tell stories and [try] to ad-lib a book together live !

Author Judy Corbalis and illustrator Celia Berridge draw , chat , juggle , show their newest books , tell stories and attempt to ad-lib a book together live !
author judy corbalis and illustrator celia berridge draw , chat , juggle , show their newest books , tell stories and [try] to ad-lib a book together live !

Contemporary ‘ problems ’ on the terraces can thus be seen , in this historical context , as a coherent resistance of change and as an attempt by fans to reclaim their soccer heritage .
contemporary ‘ problems ’ on the terraces can thus be seen , in this historical context , as a coherent resistance of change and as an [try] by fans to reclaim their soccer heritage .

Such rules are not mere statistical abstractions but are directly discoverable , as we will attempt to show , in the accounts which football fans and schoolroom ‘ trouble makers ’ offer in explaining what they do and why they do it .
such rules are not mere statistical abstractions but are directly discoverable , as we will [try] to show , in the accounts which football fans and schoolroom ‘ trouble makers ’ offer in explaining what they do and why they do it .

In the following extract we see that an equally offensive act is one in which a soft teacher tries to assert authority , but when challenged gives in . The teacher is condemned , not for trying to be strong , but for being unsuccessful in her attempt to reassert authority :
in the following extract we see that an equally offensive act is one in which a soft teacher tries to assert authority , but when challenged gives in . the teacher is condemned , not for trying to be strong , but for being unsuccessful in her [try] to reassert authority :

Charles 's earliest memory is playing quietly on the floor with a train set while his mother sat sobbing on the edge of the bed , his father smiling weakly at him in a forlorn attempt to reassure his son that everything was all right .
charles 's earliest memory is playing quietly on the floor with a train set while his mother sat sobbing on the edge of the bed , his father smiling weakly at him in a forlorn [try] to reassure his son that everything was all right .

In an attempt to copy her sister Sarah 's exploits she accepted a challenge which nearly got her expelled .
in an [try] to copy her sister sarah 's exploits she accepted a challenge which nearly got her expelled .

In between driving lessons — she passed her test at the second attempt she was much in demand as a babysitter by her sisters ' married friends while Sarah used her to make up numbers at her frequent dinner parties .
in between driving lessons — she passed her test at the second [try] she was much in demand as a babysitter by her sisters ' married friends while sarah used her to make up numbers at her frequent dinner parties .

The bloody attempt to kidnap Princess Anne on the Mall just yards from Buckingham Palace and the successful break-in to the Queen 's bedroom by an unemployed labourer , Michael Fagan were ample proof of the constant danger the royal family faced .
the bloody [try] to kidnap princess anne on the mall just yards from buckingham palace and the successful break-in to the queen 's bedroom by an unemployed labourer , michael fagan were ample proof of the constant danger the royal family faced .

She went to the headquarters of the Special Air Services in Hereford where she underwent a ‘ terrifying ’ driving course where she learnt the basic techniques in handling a possible terrorist attack or kidnap attempt .
she went to the headquarters of the special air services in hereford where she underwent a ‘ terrifying ’ driving course where she learnt the basic techniques in handling a possible terrorist attack or kidnap [try] .

Graham reluctantly pushed one of the cassettes into the system , waved the cigarette smoke irritably from his face , then turned his attention to the New York skyline and started to name the numerous skyscrapers to himself in an attempt to pass the time .
graham reluctantly pushed one of the cassettes into the system , waved the cigarette smoke irritably from his face , then turned his attention to the new york skyline and started to name the numerous skyscrapers to himself in an [try] to pass the time .

He gripped the remaining invoices between his thumb and forefinger in an attempt to judge their numbers .
he gripped the remaining invoices between his thumb and forefinger in an [try] to judge their numbers .

She bit her lower lip anxiously , her eyes scanning the darkness above her in a desperate attempt to catch a glimpse of movement .
she bit her lower lip anxiously , her eyes scanning the darkness above her in a desperate [try] to catch a glimpse of movement .

This ‘ counter trend ’ , or , reregulation , is largely an attempt by governments to maintain the confidence of the investing public in the financial markets .
this ‘ counter trend ’ , or , reregulation , is largely an [try] by governments to maintain the confidence of the investing public in the financial markets .

What sort of economic approach to law is to be adopted in our attempt to establish the merits , or otherwise , of the Chinese Wall ?
what sort of economic approach to law is to be adopted in our [try] to establish the merits , or otherwise , of the chinese wall ?

In addition to the above reforms , the Stock Exchange adopted other measures in an attempt to maintain its international competitiveness .
in addition to the above reforms , the stock exchange adopted other measures in an [try] to maintain its international competitiveness .

… it would be unwise to introduce a prohibition on insider trading before some attempt to prognosticate the economic repercussions of such a prohibition has been made .
… it would be unwise to introduce a prohibition on insider trading before some [try] to prognosticate the economic repercussions of such a prohibition has been made .

In an attempt to offer practical guidance on the meaning of the distinction , the Minister of Trade in the Committee stage , suggested that what the government had in mind was the difference between ‘ day-to-day knowledge ’ and ‘ knowledge of important factors which , when revealed to the market , [ would ] shift the price [ of the shares ] ’ .
in an [try] to offer practical guidance on the meaning of the distinction , the minister of trade in the committee stage , suggested that what the government had in mind was the difference between ‘ day-to-day knowledge ’ and ‘ knowledge of important factors which , when revealed to the market , [ would ] shift the price [ of the shares ] ’ .

As a result of all this , and in an attempt to lay down clear guidelines for Crown Court rulings in future cases the Attorney-General , under s.36 of the Criminal Justice Act 1972 , referred the decision to the Court of Appeal and ultimately to the House of Lords .
as a result of all this , and in an [try] to lay down clear guidelines for crown court rulings in future cases the attorney-general , under s.36 of the criminal justice act 1972 , referred the decision to the court of appeal and ultimately to the house of lords .

In the past decade attention has turned towards selective decontamination of the gut in an attempt to reduce these nosocomial infections .
in the past decade attention has turned towards selective decontamination of the gut in an [try] to reduce these nosocomial infections .

To test the assumption that patients will become unduly anxious if they are given detailed information about the risks of surgery in an attempt to obtain fully informed consent .
to test the assumption that patients will become unduly anxious if they are given detailed information about the risks of surgery in an [try] to obtain fully informed consent .

My project was a reasonable attempt to find out what 's really going on in those two hospitals .
my project was a reasonable [try] to find out what 's really going on in those two hospitals .

She believes that any attempt to negotiate an acceptable package for the whole school from the start would have resulted in ‘ minimal change at the margins only .
she believes that any [try] to negotiate an acceptable package for the whole school from the start would have resulted in ‘ minimal change at the margins only .

Every mishap , every fatality is held up as evidence in an attempt to prove the case that light aviation is hazardous not only to those who commit it but the public at large too .
every mishap , every fatality is held up as evidence in an [try] to prove the case that light aviation is hazardous not only to those who commit it but the public at large too .

First , get a copy of your local quarter mill map ( preferably laminated ) and find a suitable road-route running for about 25 to 40 miles ( quite sufficient for a first attempt ) from somewhere close to your base airfield .
first , get a copy of your local quarter mill map ( preferably laminated ) and find a suitable road-route running for about 25 to 40 miles ( quite sufficient for a first [try] ) from somewhere close to your base airfield .

Any attempt to introduce them into the discourse is immediately blocked by the slogan posing as question — ‘ but is it philosophy ?
any [try] to introduce them into the discourse is immediately blocked by the slogan posing as question — ‘ but is it philosophy ?

Thus , analysing the attempt by political philosophers to justify the exclusion of women from public life on the grounds of their defective capacities ( either rational , moral or cognitive ) , she suggests that there is a hidden argument which takes the exclusion of women to be unquestionable and attempts to justify the status quo by seeking an explanation in the defective capacities that women must then be assumed to have .
thus , analysing the [try] by political philosophers to justify the exclusion of women from public life on the grounds of their defective capacities ( either rational , moral or cognitive ) , she suggests that there is a hidden argument which takes the exclusion of women to be unquestionable and attempts to justify the status quo by seeking an explanation in the defective capacities that women must then be assumed to have .

Here we would just like to mention briefly some of the studies that came out between 1980 and 1986 , which attempt to develop accounts that would be either specifically feminist or draw upon a women 's point of view .
here we would just like to mention briefly some of the studies that came out between 1980 and 1986 , which [try] to develop accounts that would be either specifically feminist or draw upon a women 's point of view .

Under the heading of political philosophy , feminist philosophers begin by arguing with the tradition , trying to reconcile feminist insights with already existing systems of thought such as liberalism or Marxism , and go on to attempt to define a new perspective in philosophy .
under the heading of political philosophy , feminist philosophers begin by arguing with the tradition , trying to reconcile feminist insights with already existing systems of thought such as liberalism or marxism , and go on to [try] to define a new perspective in philosophy .

Much conscious fantasy is different ; we may ‘ tell a story ’ to ourselves ( or listen to a story and fantasise it as about ourselves ) ; and sometimes we may attempt an imagined resolution , through fantasy , of some aspect of our social situation .
much conscious fantasy is different ; we may ‘ tell a story ’ to ourselves ( or listen to a story and fantasise it as about ourselves ) ; and sometimes we may [try] an imagined resolution , through fantasy , of some aspect of our social situation .

Few homes have anything like enough socket outlets , and so people are tempted to use multiple adaptors , and trail l=flexes all over the house in a desperate attempt to get power where they want it .
few homes have anything like enough socket outlets , and so people are tempted to use multiple adaptors , and trail l=flexes all over the house in a desperate [try] to get power where they want it .

Do not attempt to extend old radial circuits which are each fed by a separate fusebox .
do not [try] to extend old radial circuits which are each fed by a separate fusebox .

Do not attempt to fix tiles to cold surfaces like unheated bathrooms .
do not [try] to fix tiles to cold surfaces like unheated bathrooms .

Ricochet stars Ice-T playing a seemingly amoral heavyweight crack dealer , making money ‘ by selling crack to the brothers ’ , as Denzel Washington — who plays a cop-cum District Attorney — points out in the film 's only real attempt at social conscience .
ricochet stars ice-t playing a seemingly amoral heavyweight crack dealer , making money ‘ by selling crack to the brothers ’ , as denzel washington — who plays a cop-cum district attorney — points out in the film 's only real [try] at social conscience .

In his forthcoming seven-part television sitcom , Sean 's Show , set in his Muswell Hill flat , Hughes will attempt to come to terms with the hidden perils of his everyday existence while battling against traditional sitcom conventions .
in his forthcoming seven-part television sitcom , sean 's show , set in his muswell hill flat , hughes will [try] to come to terms with the hidden perils of his everyday existence while battling against traditional sitcom conventions .

At the Bretton Woods Conference in 1944 the Allies came together in an attempt to design an international monetary system that would operate in the post-war period .
at the bretton woods conference in 1944 the allies came together in an [try] to design an international monetary system that would operate in the post-war period .

This was an attempt to retain some of the advantages of the gold standard , since stable rates of exchange were thought to be beneficial to the conduct of trade and other international transactions , and yet adjustments in the exchange rate were deemed desirable for a country facing a permanent payments imbalance .
this was an [try] to retain some of the advantages of the gold standard , since stable rates of exchange were thought to be beneficial to the conduct of trade and other international transactions , and yet adjustments in the exchange rate were deemed desirable for a country facing a permanent payments imbalance .

Under managed floating , exchange rates are free to move according to market forces but governments may intervene in an attempt to stabilize any short-term fluctuations .
under managed floating , exchange rates are free to move according to market forces but governments may intervene in an [try] to stabilize any short-term fluctuations .

But when governments expand aggregate demand in an attempt to secure the employment objective , there is a danger that the extra spending will increase prices rather than output .
but when governments expand aggregate demand in an [try] to secure the employment objective , there is a danger that the extra spending will increase prices rather than output .

Any attempt to reduce unemployment below this rate was sure to fail , according to monetarists , and would bring about higher inflation .
any [try] to reduce unemployment below this rate was sure to fail , according to monetarists , and would bring about higher inflation .

His novel is a willed attempt to overcome the difficulty .
his novel is a willed [try] to overcome the difficulty .

Patrick Robertson is talking about how he thinks we should deal with those duplicitous European politicians when they attempt to bounce us into their scheme for economic and monetary union at the Maastricht summit in December .
patrick robertson is talking about how he thinks we should deal with those duplicitous european politicians when they [try] to bounce us into their scheme for economic and monetary union at the maastricht summit in december .

Under the Social Security Pensions Act there was an attempt to change what Barbara Castle , then Secretary of State to the Department of Health and Social Security , described as a situation in which women were ‘ Second class citizens entitled to third class benefits ’ ( House of Commons Debates , 1974 ) .
under the social security pensions act there was an [try] to change what barbara castle , then secretary of state to the department of health and social security , described as a situation in which women were ‘ second class citizens entitled to third class benefits ’ ( house of commons debates , 1974 ) .

An exciting development in the women 's movement over the last few years has been an attempt by feminists to organise together around housing issues and to develop a feminist analysis of how the organisation of housing in Britain specifically affects women .
an exciting development in the women 's movement over the last few years has been an [try] by feminists to organise together around housing issues and to develop a feminist analysis of how the organisation of housing in britain specifically affects women .

Thirdly , the Act has created a system of ‘ shorthold ’ tenancies — an attempt to open up the ailing private rented sector .
thirdly , the act has created a system of ‘ shorthold ’ tenancies — an [try] to open up the ailing private rented sector .

The attempt to make sociology as much like a natural science as possible reached its height in the United States in the 1950s and 1960s .
the [try] to make sociology as much like a natural science as possible reached its height in the united states in the 1950s and 1960s .

The attempt to do so leads to abstraction in which societies , or systems , seem to behave without any reference to actual people .
the [try] to do so leads to abstraction in which societies , or systems , seem to behave without any reference to actual people .

The ego ideal emerges from the child 's attempt to repress the Oedipus complex :
the ego ideal emerges from the child 's [try] to repress the oedipus complex :

The work of Lévi-Strauss is the most recent sustained attempt to do so .
the work of lévi-strauss is the most recent sustained [try] to do so .

It was an attempt to continue the themes developed over twenty-five years earlier in Totem and Taboo .
it was an [try] to continue the themes developed over twenty-five years earlier in totem and taboo .

In religions , the ritual of sacrifice , and Holy Communion in the Christian mass , is in part an attempt to re-enact the original parricide .
in religions , the ritual of sacrifice , and holy communion in the christian mass , is in part an [try] to re-enact the original parricide .

They produced an attempt to cope with the repressed memory in the form of Christianity , where a son was offered as a sacrifice to the father .
they produced an [try] to cope with the repressed memory in the form of christianity , where a son was offered as a sacrifice to the father .

Freud 's interest in Moses is , at root , an attempt to understand the Jews and the fate they were to undergo in Europe .
freud 's interest in moses is , at root , an [try] to understand the jews and the fate they were to undergo in europe .

In the attempt to become an independent social science , sociology has left biology out of account by trying to purify the discipline and to concentrate on purely sociological variables .
in the [try] to become an independent social science , sociology has left biology out of account by trying to purify the discipline and to concentrate on purely sociological variables .

The view in this paper is that the sense of disillusionment many people were experiencing during the first year of the war resulted from an over-valuation of man 's nature , and an attempt to deny the reality of death for people one loved .
the view in this paper is that the sense of disillusionment many people were experiencing during the first year of the war resulted from an over-valuation of man 's nature , and an [try] to deny the reality of death for people one loved .

Beyond the Pleasure Principle ( 1920 ) was the first attempt to begin to formulate the notion of the death instincts . At one point in this work Freud wrote :
beyond the pleasure principle ( 1920 ) was the first [try] to begin to formulate the notion of the death instincts . at one point in this work freud wrote :

This first attempt to include the notion that the aim of some instincts seems to be to return to an earlier stage of development , to inanimate matter , was based on his observations of war neuroses and on the compulsion to repeat earlier emotional relationships in the analytic situation .
this first [try] to include the notion that the aim of some instincts seems to be to return to an earlier stage of development , to inanimate matter , was based on his observations of war neuroses and on the compulsion to repeat earlier emotional relationships in the analytic situation .

As part of their attempt to cure themselves they developed their own delusionary worlds , which were in turn often treated by non-analysts as a symptom of a disease instead of being seen as an attempt at self-cure .
as part of their [try] to cure themselves they developed their own delusionary worlds , which were in turn often treated by non-analysts as a symptom of a disease instead of being seen as an [try] at self-cure .

The attempt to buy the estate was put together by the World Wide Fund for Nature , the Royal Society for the Protection of Birds and the John Muir Trust , who were committed to raising £5 million with promise of a further £3.5 million from the National Heritage Memorial fund .
the [try] to buy the estate was put together by the world wide fund for nature , the royal society for the protection of birds and the john muir trust , who were committed to raising £5 million with promise of a further £3.5 million from the national heritage memorial fund .

The Trail of Bones , one of the most dangerous trading routes in the Darakorum , guards the way to the Chong Kumdan massif . Lindsay Griffin braved its perils to attempt this remote group of unclimbed Indian peaks
the trail of bones , one of the most dangerous trading routes in the darakorum , guards the way to the chong kumdan massif . lindsay griffin braved its perils to [try] this remote group of unclimbed indian peaks

It was too early in the trip for a serious attempt and all of us were decidedly under the weather .
it was too early in the trip for a serious [try] and all of us were decidedly under the weather .

‘ Every attempt on the route took about 20 minutes ’ , says Jibé .
‘ every [try] on the route took about 20 minutes ’ , says jibé .

The crux is at the top and Julian took a groundfall on a previous attempt and was lucky to walk away from it .
the crux is at the top and julian took a groundfall on a previous [try] and was lucky to walk away from it .

The British attempt in 1986 failed to make any significant impression on the route , despite much larger resources , emphasising the scale of the French achievement .
the british [try] in 1986 failed to make any significant impression on the route , despite much larger resources , emphasising the scale of the french achievement .

Although there was some confusion between their maps and descriptions of the peak , Knox-Johnston , Bonington and Greenland expert Jim Lowther made a first attempt on the peak on 11–12 August .
although there was some confusion between their maps and descriptions of the peak , knox-johnston , bonington and greenland expert jim lowther made a first [try] on the peak on 11–12 august .

Splitting into two teams for the first attempt , Fowler and Jones climbed the incomplete Japanese route up the south ridge but were driven back by poor weather , while Saunders and Sustad attempted the spur .
splitting into two teams for the first [try] , fowler and jones climbed the incomplete japanese route up the south ridge but were driven back by poor weather , while saunders and sustad attempted the spur .

During their second attempt , Saunders and Sustad completed most of the difficulties on a route parallel to the spur .
during their second [try] , saunders and sustad completed most of the difficulties on a route parallel to the spur .

Unfortunately for authors , readers do not necessarily have to accept the terms they attempt to dictate , however subtly that attempt is made .
unfortunately for authors , readers do not necessarily have to accept the terms they [try] to dictate , however subtly that [try] is made .

It is the 31-year-old journalist 's second attempt to complete her ascent of the world 's tallest peak after an earlier effort was aborted due to bad weather .
it is the 31-year-old journalist 's second [try] to complete her ascent of the world 's tallest peak after an earlier effort was aborted due to bad weather .

But his attempt to sail solo across the Atlantic in the 25ft yacht Howlin' Gael will be his first single-handed voyage .
but his [try] to sail solo across the atlantic in the 25ft yacht howlin' gael will be his first single-handed voyage .

Murder attempt charge follows stabbing incident
murder [try] charge follows stabbing incident

The family of Mortimer of Chirk were one of the very few permanent victims of the political upheavals between 1322 and 1330 : they abandoned the attempt to recover Chirk , and settled in Rent .
the family of mortimer of chirk were one of the very few permanent victims of the political upheavals between 1322 and 1330 : they abandoned the [try] to recover chirk , and settled in rent .

This attempt to assert baronial control of the king 's officers , reminiscent both of the Provisions of Oxford and the Ordinances , was the most far-reaching of all the demands made during the crisis of 1339–41 .
this [try] to assert baronial control of the king 's officers , reminiscent both of the provisions of oxford and the ordinances , was the most far-reaching of all the demands made during the crisis of 1339–41 .

Bold attempt to win back public confidence
bold [try] to win back public confidence

Murder attempt on policeman denied
murder [try] on policeman denied

This judgement was a necessary and quick judicial response to an unlawful attempt by one publisher to take someone else 's copyright for his own gain .
this judgement was a necessary and quick judicial response to an unlawful [try] by one publisher to take someone else 's copyright for his own gain .

‘ Any attempt in a political vacuum to walk away from constitutional republicanism would be a very dangerous exercise , and would most certainly provide a new recruiting platform for terrorism . ’
‘ any [try] in a political vacuum to walk away from constitutional republicanism would be a very dangerous exercise , and would most certainly provide a new recruiting platform for terrorism . ’

The biggest building is a rectangular , windowless hulk erected for a short-lived Anglo-American attempt to develop an over-the-horizon radar system called Cobra Mist .
the biggest building is a rectangular , windowless hulk erected for a short-lived anglo-american [try] to develop an over-the-horizon radar system called cobra mist .

Police in Norwich , where the bodies were discovered by the importer , sent papers found on the men to the Romanian Embassy yesterday in an attempt to establish their identities .
police in norwich , where the bodies were discovered by the importer , sent papers found on the men to the romanian embassy yesterday in an [try] to establish their identities .

It is not possible to hold all this in the mind while actually painting however often you attempt this sort of subject . But direct observation does give you the colours and you do become more accurate , even though sunlight and shadows move so fast during the time it takes to paint such a scene that the particular arrangement that caught your eye in the first place has long since gone by the time the picture is finished !
it is not possible to hold all this in the mind while actually painting however often you [try] this sort of subject . but direct observation does give you the colours and you do become more accurate , even though sunlight and shadows move so fast during the time it takes to paint such a scene that the particular arrangement that caught your eye in the first place has long since gone by the time the picture is finished !

For the artist , whatever else art may be it is an attempt to express deeply held beliefs about the nature of being .
for the artist , whatever else art may be it is an [try] to express deeply held beliefs about the nature of being .

Sinn Fein president Gerry Adams visited the scene and said the attack was an attempt to kill and intimidate party members in advance of tomorrow 's local government elections .
sinn fein president gerry adams visited the scene and said the attack was an [try] to kill and intimidate party members in advance of tomorrow 's local government elections .

The attempt to bolster the pay claim with the fear of closures failed .
the [try] to bolster the pay claim with the fear of closures failed .

If a student asks a question to which the tutor can not give a satisfactory answer on the spur of the moment , he/she should make no attempt to bluff but frankly admit ignorance , and , possibly with the help of the class , set to work to find out the answer , or else undertake to find the answer for the next class .
if a student asks a question to which the tutor can not give a satisfactory answer on the spur of the moment , he/she should make no [try] to bluff but frankly admit ignorance , and , possibly with the help of the class , set to work to find out the answer , or else undertake to find the answer for the next class .

Headlines such as ‘ No hiding place for Woodlice ’ signalled the start of a major operation to attempt to control woodlice in a series of blocks of flats in Ardrossan , Ayrshire .
headlines such as ‘ no hiding place for woodlice ’ signalled the start of a major operation to [try] to control woodlice in a series of blocks of flats in ardrossan , ayrshire .

Failure to attempt the compulsory question will disqualify the candidate .
failure to [try] the compulsory question will disqualify the candidate .

Candidates may attempt further speed tests ( 2065 ) without retaking the proficiency examination , within 2 years of gaining a proficiency certificate .
candidates may [try] further speed tests ( 2065 ) without retaking the proficiency examination , within 2 years of gaining a proficiency certificate .

Candidates may attempt further speed tests ( 3065 ) without retaking the proficiency examination , within 2 years of gaining a proficiency certificate .
candidates may [try] further speed tests ( 3065 ) without retaking the proficiency examination , within 2 years of gaining a proficiency certificate .

This involved an attempt to accurately define the organisational and administrative needs of business over the next decade and , within this context , to draw up a taxonomy of secretarial skills suitable for this environment .
this involved an [try] to accurately define the organisational and administrative needs of business over the next decade and , within this context , to draw up a taxonomy of secretarial skills suitable for this environment .

Any attempt to show causal connection between roof damage and rot must be carefully examined , if necessary by the instruction of suitable experts .
any [try] to show causal connection between roof damage and rot must be carefully examined , if necessary by the instruction of suitable experts .

Generally , interim payments should not be made and every attempt should be made to settle the claim by one payment .
generally , interim payments should not be made and every [try] should be made to settle the claim by one payment .

The Anthony Nolan Bone Marrow Trust was formed in 1974 when Shirley Nolan founded the Bone Marrow Register in a vain attempt to save the life of her young son Anthony .
the anthony nolan bone marrow trust was formed in 1974 when shirley nolan founded the bone marrow register in a vain [try] to save the life of her young son anthony .

Mike added : ‘ This is not a clampdown , but a concerted attempt by the Company to help employees tackle any alcohol-related problems they may have which affect their performance at work .
mike added : ‘ this is not a clampdown , but a concerted [try] by the company to help employees tackle any alcohol-related problems they may have which affect their performance at work .

resulting from a collision or attempt to avoid a collision ; or
resulting from a collision or [try] to avoid a collision ; or

The phrase ‘ a collision or an attempt to avoid a collision ’ is to be interpreted in its widest sense .
the phrase ‘ a collision or an [try] to avoid a collision ’ is to be interpreted in its widest sense .

For the purposes of Clause ( 4 ) of the Agreement , in the event of glass ) being broken or fuel pumps damaged as a result of a collision or an attempt to avoid a collision between two or more vehicles , the intention is that the Immobile Property Insurer shall only recover in total 75 % of their loss provided that they have signed this Agreement with the Insurers of the vehicles concerned .
for the purposes of clause ( 4 ) of the agreement , in the event of glass ) being broken or fuel pumps damaged as a result of a collision or an [try] to avoid a collision between two or more vehicles , the intention is that the immobile property insurer shall only recover in total 75 % of their loss provided that they have signed this agreement with the insurers of the vehicles concerned .

there had been no attempt by the appellant to show that any part of the deceased 's income & 6 ] consisted of a return on assets as opposed to remuneration for labour and work on the farm .
there had been no [try] by the appellant to show that any part of the deceased 's income & 6 ] consisted of a return on assets as opposed to remuneration for labour and work on the farm .

As far as possible the Corporation should not attempt to take over any salvage from the Claimant .
as far as possible the corporation should not [try] to take over any salvage from the claimant .

One should attempt to avoid the situation where your own surgeon is instructed to prepare an initial Report some 12–24 months after the accident or as has been seen in some cases , up to four years after an accident .
one should [try] to avoid the situation where your own surgeon is instructed to prepare an initial report some 12–24 months after the accident or as has been seen in some cases , up to four years after an accident .

In the event that further investigation was required during the Adjustment Period , now is the appropriate time to assess that evidence and , if appropriate , to take further steps to attempt settlement .
in the event that further investigation was required during the adjustment period , now is the appropriate time to assess that evidence and , if appropriate , to take further steps to [try] settlement .

As we have already said , the practice seems to be to use the Optional Procedure for relatively simple cases , the only known refusal of an Optional Procedure action being an attempt to pursue a claim for asbestosis thereunder .
as we have already said , the practice seems to be to use the optional procedure for relatively simple cases , the only known refusal of an optional procedure action being an [try] to pursue a claim for asbestosis thereunder .

While it may be a counsel of perfection it must , nevertheless , be advisable for the insurer to attempt to investigate each claim on the basis that it is likely to be an Optional Procedure action — unless , of course , it is quite obvious from the nature of the action or the injuries that this is not likely to be the case .
while it may be a counsel of perfection it must , nevertheless , be advisable for the insurer to [try] to investigate each claim on the basis that it is likely to be an optional procedure action — unless , of course , it is quite obvious from the nature of the action or the injuries that this is not likely to be the case .

Given that our Delegation 's 15 votes formed less than two thirds of a quota and bearing in mind that this was a first attempt , it was felt that this was a somewhat ambitious foray into the politics of the wider Trade Union Movement .
given that our delegation 's 15 votes formed less than two thirds of a quota and bearing in mind that this was a first [try] , it was felt that this was a somewhat ambitious foray into the politics of the wider trade union movement .

It would be naive to believe that employers who discourage or attempt to undermine Trade Unions do so out of any altruistic motive , such as concern for the individual employee .
it would be naive to believe that employers who discourage or [try] to undermine trade unions do so out of any altruistic motive , such as concern for the individual employee .

The main activity of the North West region in 1992 was the attempt to convince the Manchester Olympic Bid Committee of the necessity for good design in the infrastructure to be built for the games .
the main activity of the north west region in 1992 was the [try] to convince the manchester olympic bid committee of the necessity for good design in the infrastructure to be built for the games .

In the final section , however , there is a shift in style , with a commendable attempt to deal with questions and criticisms about action research , as well as offering some practical advice on support and network mechanisms .
in the final section , however , there is a shift in style , with a commendable [try] to deal with questions and criticisms about action research , as well as offering some practical advice on support and network mechanisms .

While the regional value of whisky exports can not easily be gauged with accuracy in view of the complex nature of the industry it is interesting nevertheless to attempt an assessment of its impact .
while the regional value of whisky exports can not easily be gauged with accuracy in view of the complex nature of the industry it is interesting nevertheless to [try] an assessment of its impact .

the organisation of Information Services , with good integration of various elements provided for students and a conscious attempt to offset the continued pressure on library resource .
the organisation of information services , with good integration of various elements provided for students and a conscious [try] to offset the continued pressure on library resource .

Hence , as another lawyer put it , ‘ what 's behind the working party is an attempt to keep commercial litigation in Scotland and to attract more ’ .
hence , as another lawyer put it , ‘ what 's behind the working party is an [try] to keep commercial litigation in scotland and to attract more ’ .

All living systems have a history which shapes the way they function today — to attempt to cure environmental ills without understanding their origin would be to operate on a patient without ever consulting the medical case notes .
all living systems have a history which shapes the way they function today — to [try] to cure environmental ills without understanding their origin would be to operate on a patient without ever consulting the medical case notes .

The Portfolio seminar features several leading figures from both the industry and outside as speakers who will attempt to change the impression that successful women in senior operational roles in the industry need to be single , or divorced , childless and generally married to their work .
the portfolio seminar features several leading figures from both the industry and outside as speakers who will [try] to change the impression that successful women in senior operational roles in the industry need to be single , or divorced , childless and generally married to their work .

Perhaps in an attempt to redress the balance around the time of the recent franchise re-application , Scottish Television determined to duplicate its international success with Taggart by setting a similar-format drama series in Edinburgh .
perhaps in an [try] to redress the balance around the time of the recent franchise re-application , scottish television determined to duplicate its international success with taggart by setting a similar-format drama series in edinburgh .

Early models , for example , made little attempt to show the dynamic forces at play between the elements , while it has always been necessary to question the basis of the model construction in order to avoid the perpetuation of a flawed assumption .
early models , for example , made little [try] to show the dynamic forces at play between the elements , while it has always been necessary to question the basis of the model construction in order to avoid the perpetuation of a flawed assumption .

Thus discourses associated with government will receive more coverage than those associated with , for example , the Green Party , although in Britain at least there are alternative publications which favour the ‘ green ’ view , and newspapers which , if they do n't publish official Green discourses , do attempt to cover environmental issues from other approaches .
thus discourses associated with government will receive more coverage than those associated with , for example , the green party , although in britain at least there are alternative publications which favour the ‘ green ’ view , and newspapers which , if they do n't publish official green discourses , do [try] to cover environmental issues from other approaches .

‘ Persuasion involves a conscious attempt by one individual to change the attitudes , beliefs , or behaviour of another individual or group of individuals through the transmission of some message , ’ say Bettinghaus and Cody .
‘ persuasion involves a conscious [try] by one individual to change the attitudes , beliefs , or behaviour of another individual or group of individuals through the transmission of some message , ’ say bettinghaus and cody .

The enclosed paper is an initial attempt to list those aspects of transport services which might be included in such an audit , in order to begin progress in this area .
the enclosed paper is an initial [try] to list those aspects of transport services which might be included in such an audit , in order to begin progress in this area .

The Line Managers should attempt to complete as much information as possible on the referral document .
the line managers should [try] to complete as much information as possible on the referral document .

He made an attempt to be kind , pointing out places of interest on the way back , but she sat stiff with protest in the small front seat .
he made an [try] to be kind , pointing out places of interest on the way back , but she sat stiff with protest in the small front seat .

‘ Although these claims are true , they are rather misleading and are an attempt to generate fees by the businesses concerned , ’ says tax specialist Peter Howarth .
‘ although these claims are true , they are rather misleading and are an [try] to generate fees by the businesses concerned , ’ says tax specialist peter howarth .

The cold wind blew his cropped white hair and made him shiver violently , but he resisted Tallis 's attempt to tug the cloak around his shoulders , instead pushing the feather into her hand .
the cold wind blew his cropped white hair and made him shiver violently , but he resisted tallis 's [try] to tug the cloak around his shoulders , instead pushing the feather into her hand .

Explosions and gunfire from the east side of the city suggested an attempt to retake the civilian centres was underway .
explosions and gunfire from the east side of the city suggested an [try] to retake the civilian centres was underway .

‘ There 's a plot , a highly organized attempt to overthrow the government , by a select group of the elite , ’ said Carlson .
‘ there 's a plot , a highly organized [try] to overthrow the government , by a select group of the elite , ’ said carlson .

He was making an attempt to become the Archon .
he was making an [try] to become the archon .

‘ As you well know there was another attempt on the Führer 's life at Rastenburg .
‘ as you well know there was another [try] on the führer 's life at rastenburg .

Below are realistic estimates of costs for full-board accommodation in University-controlled Halls of Residence and the private sector in an attempt to provide a realistic assessment of what you may incur in each of these accommodation sectors .
below are realistic estimates of costs for full-board accommodation in university-controlled halls of residence and the private sector in an [try] to provide a realistic assessment of what you may incur in each of these accommodation sectors .

She could almost see him searching for another string of quips if Jessica would not thaw to the first attempt .
she could almost see him searching for another string of quips if jessica would not thaw to the first [try] .

This was a conscious attempt to produce what had been known largely in the United States as a ‘ mission statement ’ .
this was a conscious [try] to produce what had been known largely in the united states as a ‘ mission statement ’ .

Typically , it consists in an attempt to ward off criticism or some other kind of attack on the part of an authority figure by means of exchanging subject for object and thus putting the recipient of the attack in the place of the attacker .
typically , it consists in an [try] to ward off criticism or some other kind of attack on the part of an authority figure by means of exchanging subject for object and thus putting the recipient of the attack in the place of the attacker .

The simple consequence is that , being so deeply buried in the human unconscious , any attempt to uncover the repressed foundations of our social life is bound to encounter severe resistances , especially in the minds of those who have convinced themselves that there is no psychic trauma at the origin of human society and no painful consequences of it hidden within every one of us .
the simple consequence is that , being so deeply buried in the human unconscious , any [try] to uncover the repressed foundations of our social life is bound to encounter severe resistances , especially in the minds of those who have convinced themselves that there is no psychic trauma at the origin of human society and no painful consequences of it hidden within every one of us .

There is no attempt to toilet-train children whatsoever and so consequently adults and children will by and large relieve themselves wherever and whenever they feel the need to do so .
there is no [try] to toilet-train children whatsoever and so consequently adults and children will by and large relieve themselves wherever and whenever they feel the need to do so .

With it we attempt to give you an insight into the life of the university and hopefully assist you in your difficult choice .
with it we [try] to give you an insight into the life of the university and hopefully assist you in your difficult choice .

All honours courses taught in the department attempt a fuller treatment of periods , topics , and authors , from which students may make their own choice of areas of special study .
all honours courses taught in the department [try] a fuller treatment of periods , topics , and authors , from which students may make their own choice of areas of special study .

Like all university subjects , it offers a training for the mind , but it is also one of the small number of disciplines which attempt to understand the creative impulse .
like all university subjects , it offers a training for the mind , but it is also one of the small number of disciplines which [try] to understand the creative impulse .

All the courses attempt to balance theory and application and students are introduced to the use of statistical computer packages in a practical context .
all the courses [try] to balance theory and application and students are introduced to the use of statistical computer packages in a practical context .

The grades shown above for course requirement purposes should normally be obtained at the first attempt , but the Selection Committee may waive this requirement in exceptional cases , eg mature students showing academic ability and strong motivation , or on compassionate grounds .
the grades shown above for course requirement purposes should normally be obtained at the first [try] , but the selection committee may waive this requirement in exceptional cases , eg mature students showing academic ability and strong motivation , or on compassionate grounds .

‘ You are an apprentice historian and therefore should know that it is only in this century that this attempt to sanitise death has stricken our race .
‘ you are an apprentice historian and therefore should know that it is only in this century that this [try] to sanitise death has stricken our race .

Trotsky and the ice-man had been his attempt to solve the problem of why he was still alive despite having been shot in the head .
trotsky and the ice-man had been his [try] to solve the problem of why he was still alive despite having been shot in the head .

Despite her alleged impatience to hear about his experiences during the pay-off , she made no attempt to refer to it again , launching instead into a blow-by-blow account of a film she had seen the previous evening , going on to explain that she loved films , really loved them , that the only place to see them properly was the cinema , that her favourite was a wonderful old place in the centre of town called the Minerva , and what a shame it was that no one went to the cinema any more .
despite her alleged impatience to hear about his experiences during the pay-off , she made no [try] to refer to it again , launching instead into a blow-by-blow account of a film she had seen the previous evening , going on to explain that she loved films , really loved them , that the only place to see them properly was the cinema , that her favourite was a wonderful old place in the centre of town called the minerva , and what a shame it was that no one went to the cinema any more .

But Pietro , although cool , made no attempt to change the arrangements .
but pietro , although cool , made no [try] to change the arrangements .

In an attempt to compensate he forced a smile .
in an [try] to compensate he forced a smile .

And if the electronic sniffers or whatever they used to detect the presence of a nuclear mass gave a positive reading would the police want to evacuate the area before an attempt was made to render it harmless ?
and if the electronic sniffers or whatever they used to detect the presence of a nuclear mass gave a positive reading would the police want to evacuate the area before an [try] was made to render it harmless ?

Once again he blasted out at the first attempt , reeling back amid a cloud of sand and covering his eyes .
once again he blasted out at the first [try] , reeling back amid a cloud of sand and covering his eyes .

This process is most evident in the United States , where public administrative agencies have been found to resemble pressure groups in the way they attempt to influence public opinion and legislative action .
this process is most evident in the united states , where public administrative agencies have been found to resemble pressure groups in the way they [try] to influence public opinion and legislative action .

Marx 's reaction to this was as much an attempt to counter the claim being made on behalf of the Prussian bureaucracy in the 1840s that it offered an alternative to constitutionalism , as it was a theoretical objection to Hegel 's interpretation of the state ( Liebich 1982 ) .
marx 's reaction to this was as much an [try] to counter the claim being made on behalf of the prussian bureaucracy in the 1840s that it offered an alternative to constitutionalism , as it was a theoretical objection to hegel 's interpretation of the state ( liebich 1982 ) .

The attempt to impose the rational management of a whole society by means of complex organization produces a political system that can be characterized as ‘ bureaucracy writ large ’ .
the [try] to impose the rational management of a whole society by means of complex organization produces a political system that can be characterized as ‘ bureaucracy writ large ’ .

Here an attempt was made to strengthen the elected communes .
here an [try] was made to strengthen the elected communes .

In Czechoslovakia part of the authoritarian backlash against the reform attempt by Dubcek in 1968 was a strengthened control of the civil service and other parts of the state administration by giving party organizations in factories and offices additional powers .
in czechoslovakia part of the authoritarian backlash against the reform [try] by dubcek in 1968 was a strengthened control of the civil service and other parts of the state administration by giving party organizations in factories and offices additional powers .

Indeed , it was the attempt by American political science to construct a framework for the comparative analysis of modern , transitional and traditional societies under the guidance of structural-functionalism , that led to the logical inevitability of the bureaucracy , particularly in developing states , being regarded as ‘ multifunctional ’ .
indeed , it was the [try] by american political science to construct a framework for the comparative analysis of modern , transitional and traditional societies under the guidance of structural-functionalism , that led to the logical inevitability of the bureaucracy , particularly in developing states , being regarded as ‘ multifunctional ’ .

One notable attempt to differentiate between political institutions within a post-colonial state , and account for the relative power of the bureaucracy by reference to the class structure of the colonial legacy , is Meillasoux 's ( 1970 ) study of Mali .
one notable [try] to differentiate between political institutions within a post-colonial state , and account for the relative power of the bureaucracy by reference to the class structure of the colonial legacy , is meillasoux 's ( 1970 ) study of mali .

This attempt to produce a scientific scheme of ideas has been subjected to severe criticism which need not be repeated here ( see Simon 1957 ; Rose 1975 ) .
this [try] to produce a scientific scheme of ideas has been subjected to severe criticism which need not be repeated here ( see simon 1957 ; rose 1975 ) .

Such human needs will range from the basic ones for security , which are threatened when other members of an organization wish to close part of the operation down or attempt to perform the same operations with fewer personnel , to the need for self-realization , which may be threatened by extreme specialization and limited capabilities within the division of labour perceived by those in authority to be necessary for the maximization of their objectives ( which will invariably be presented as the goals of ‘ the organization ’ ) .
such human needs will range from the basic ones for security , which are threatened when other members of an organization wish to close part of the operation down or [try] to perform the same operations with fewer personnel , to the need for self-realization , which may be threatened by extreme specialization and limited capabilities within the division of labour perceived by those in authority to be necessary for the maximization of their objectives ( which will invariably be presented as the goals of ‘ the organization ’ ) .

This attempt to elaborate a concept of technology in the administrative setting has some potential for the public sector ( see Pitt and Smith 1981 ) .
this [try] to elaborate a concept of technology in the administrative setting has some potential for the public sector ( see pitt and smith 1981 ) .

The bureaucrat will attempt to acquire a budget in excess of what is required for the level of output indicated by the equation of marginal cost and political demand .
the bureaucrat will [try] to acquire a budget in excess of what is required for the level of output indicated by the equation of marginal cost and political demand .

The headline was , it transpired , a ponderous attempt at humour .
the headline was , it transpired , a ponderous [try] at humour .

Loretta decided she would have to abandon her attempt to see Veronica for the rest of the day .
loretta decided she would have to abandon her [try] to see veronica for the rest of the day .

Tracey 's picture byline glared at Loretta from the front page ; had he really intended to look so fierce , she wondered , or was it an attempt to hide his embarrassment ?
tracey 's picture byline glared at loretta from the front page ; had he really intended to look so fierce , she wondered , or was it an [try] to hide his embarrassment ?

The one exception was her glasses , whose frames were a startling pink — perhaps an attempt to liven up her image ?
the one exception was her glasses , whose frames were a startling pink — perhaps an [try] to liven up her image ?

Loretta 's attempt to work out her next move was interrupted by Veronica 's voice .
loretta 's [try] to work out her next move was interrupted by veronica 's voice .

‘ You 've been such a help , ’ she said , brushing aside Loretta 's half-hearted attempt to make a contribution .
‘ you 've been such a help , ’ she said , brushing aside loretta 's half-hearted [try] to make a contribution .

Shaking her head over Tracey 's capacity for self-absorption , Loretta reflected that she had not yet made any progress in her attempt to track down Melanie Gandell 's relatives .
shaking her head over tracey 's capacity for self-absorption , loretta reflected that she had not yet made any progress in her [try] to track down melanie gandell 's relatives .

Comparative sociology is supposed to be the attempt to generate universal propositions on the basis of systematic comparisons of a variety of different societies , and so it might have been expected to stimulate thinking about the global system .
comparative sociology is supposed to be the [try] to generate universal propositions on the basis of systematic comparisons of a variety of different societies , and so it might have been expected to stimulate thinking about the global system .

Nevertheless , his attempt to move international relations from the study of relations between nations to the study of ‘ world society ’ ( leaving aside the essential vagueness of this latter idea ) , did represent a progressive problem shift for all those interested in the elephants rather than the little creatures .
nevertheless , his [try] to move international relations from the study of relations between nations to the study of ‘ world society ’ ( leaving aside the essential vagueness of this latter idea ) , did represent a progressive problem shift for all those interested in the elephants rather than the little creatures .

In parallel , but quite independent of Burton , a group of North Americans began to make an explicit attempt to replace the ‘ statecentric ’ model , with a ‘ transnational relations ’ model , focused more on transnational interactions and organizations .
in parallel , but quite independent of burton , a group of north americans began to make an explicit [try] to replace the ‘ statecentric ’ model , with a ‘ transnational relations ’ model , focused more on transnational interactions and organizations .

The theory of the global system based on transnational practices is an attempt to escape from the limitations of state-centrism .
the theory of the global system based on transnational practices is an [try] to escape from the limitations of state-centrism .

Despite Fieldhouse 's erudite attempt to consign the concept to the dustbin of history , most observers agree that it is both sufficiently homogeneous in function and consistent in character to be useful .
despite fieldhouse 's erudite [try] to consign the concept to the dustbin of history , most observers agree that it is both sufficiently homogeneous in function and consistent in character to be useful .

In an attempt to do this , Featherstone , for example , develops a useful composite picture of contemporary consumer culture .
in an [try] to do this , featherstone , for example , develops a useful composite picture of contemporary consumer culture .

This is a very central issue for any sociology of the global system in so far as it makes the difference between a dismal chronicle of inevitability , which is absolutely not my intention , and an attempt to illuminate what is happening by a theory of what makes it happen and , by implication , what could make other things happen in other ways .
this is a very central issue for any sociology of the global system in so far as it makes the difference between a dismal chronicle of inevitability , which is absolutely not my intention , and an [try] to illuminate what is happening by a theory of what makes it happen and , by implication , what could make other things happen in other ways .

Sano 's book on food in Nigeria demonstrates how a government 's attempt to cut its food imports by stimulating domestic production led to an increasing dependency on imports of farm inputs , especially fertilizer and machinery .
sano 's book on food in nigeria demonstrates how a government 's [try] to cut its food imports by stimulating domestic production led to an increasing dependency on imports of farm inputs , especially fertilizer and machinery .

The second decree , in 1977 , represented a further attempt by the military government to wrest control from the TNCs , particularly to counter the defensive measures that the TNCs had developed to nullify the effects of the first decree .
the second decree , in 1977 , represented a further [try] by the military government to wrest control from the tncs , particularly to counter the defensive measures that the tncs had developed to nullify the effects of the first decree .

The efficacy of the heater probe was assessed with the results obtained at the first attempt .
the efficacy of the heater probe was assessed with the results obtained at the first [try] .

The World Health Organization , in an attempt to assist health ministries in this process , has recommended the setting up of ‘ reference centres ’ , a new tier in the health system between existing hospitals and health centres .
the world health organization , in an [try] to assist health ministries in this process , has recommended the setting up of ‘ reference centres ’ , a new tier in the health system between existing hospitals and health centres .

The patients were monitored for any streptococcal infections during sampling , but no attempt was made to measure the amount of streptokinase absorbed .
the patients were monitored for any streptococcal infections during sampling , but no [try] was made to measure the amount of streptokinase absorbed .

But he had the backing of what the chronicler calls the ‘ more foresighted ’ part of the council , and this tacit approval suggests that the argument was not simply that of an ‘ anti-Woodville ’ faction , but represented a genuine attempt to avoid rocking the political boat — an attitude in line with what is known of council policy .
but he had the backing of what the chronicler calls the ‘ more foresighted ’ part of the council , and this tacit approval suggests that the argument was not simply that of an ‘ anti-woodville ’ faction , but represented a genuine [try] to avoid rocking the political boat — an attitude in line with what is known of council policy .

Gloucester claimed that the weapons had been intended for use against him , a story that he was later to use in an attempt to have the captured Woodvilles executed , although Mancini comments that no one took it seriously .
gloucester claimed that the weapons had been intended for use against him , a story that he was later to use in an [try] to have the captured woodvilles executed , although mancini comments that no one took it seriously .

The attempt had failed , and the queen had withdrawn to sanctuary with her youngest son , the duke of York .
the [try] had failed , and the queen had withdrawn to sanctuary with her youngest son , the duke of york .

But the fact that the attempt had been made at all must have given credibility to Gloucester 's claim that the Woodvilles were prepared to use force in pursuit of their ends .
but the fact that the [try] had been made at all must have given credibility to gloucester 's claim that the woodvilles were prepared to use force in pursuit of their ends .

The council apparently argued that as Gloucester had not been protector at the time , any attempt on his life could not be construed as treason .
the council apparently argued that as gloucester had not been protector at the time , any [try] on his life could not be construed as treason .

Their attempt to whip up opposition to him when news of Stony Stratford reached London had proved abortive and since then they had apparently been a spent force .
their [try] to whip up opposition to him when news of stony stratford reached london had proved abortive and since then they had apparently been a spent force .

If , despite this procedure , cannulation subsequently fails , a repeat attempt at cannulation will often be successful a few days later when the oedema has subsided .
if , despite this procedure , cannulation subsequently fails , a repeat [try] at cannulation will often be successful a few days later when the oedema has subsided .

An attempt to determine before operation whether peptic ulcer patients are at risk of developing postvagotomy symptoms seems laudable but in practice such clues as there may be are probably too subtle to identify with any confidence from a non-invasive gastric emptying test .
an [try] to determine before operation whether peptic ulcer patients are at risk of developing postvagotomy symptoms seems laudable but in practice such clues as there may be are probably too subtle to identify with any confidence from a non-invasive gastric emptying test .

Thirteen patients ( seven men , six women ) age range 65–91 ( median 81 ) received additional external beam radiotherapy in an attempt to reduce the range of laser treatments required .
thirteen patients ( seven men , six women ) age range 65–91 ( median 81 ) received additional external beam radiotherapy in an [try] to reduce the range of laser treatments required .

An attempt was made to determine if fluid transport varied between days 6 and 9 .
an [try] was made to determine if fluid transport varied between days 6 and 9 .

In any attempt to estimate the effects which population changes could have on the economy as a whole , the crucial matter is , however , not the absolute numbers of Englishmen at any particular date but the broader demographic trend .
in any [try] to estimate the effects which population changes could have on the economy as a whole , the crucial matter is , however , not the absolute numbers of englishmen at any particular date but the broader demographic trend .

An attempt was made to inculpate a group of five aldermen with participation in the troubles , but it is unlikely that in at least four cases there was any real foundation for the charge .
an [try] was made to inculpate a group of five aldermen with participation in the troubles , but it is unlikely that in at least four cases there was any real foundation for the charge .

The idea , however , that the rebels aimed to kill the King is unlikely — not only did the rebels show a positive loyalty to him at Mile End and Smithfield , and adopt as a watchword ‘ King Richard and the True Commons ’ , but they made no attempt to take vengeance on him for the death of Wat Tyler , when he could have been at their mercy .
the idea , however , that the rebels aimed to kill the king is unlikely — not only did the rebels show a positive loyalty to him at mile end and smithfield , and adopt as a watchword ‘ king richard and the true commons ’ , but they made no [try] to take vengeance on him for the death of wat tyler , when he could have been at their mercy .

Hilton 's attempt to revive the idea of Lollard influence on the revolt by redefining Lollardy as something more than the following of Wyclif ( 78 , p.213 ) disregards the general character of later Lollardy , which only rarely developed revolutionary tendencies .
hilton 's [try] to revive the idea of lollard influence on the revolt by redefining lollardy as something more than the following of wyclif ( 78 , p.213 ) disregards the general character of later lollardy , which only rarely developed revolutionary tendencies .

Only Straw 's ‘ confession ’ suggests hostility to him , and more characteristic was the attempt to identify Richard with their cause .
only straw 's ‘ confession ’ suggests hostility to him , and more characteristic was the [try] to identify richard with their cause .

In June too , after an attempt to repel the rebels had failed , and the leaders of the royal force , Sir Humphrey Stafford and William Stafford , had been killed at Sevenoaks , the government had tried to placate the Kentishmen by arresting Crowmer and Say and sending them to the Tower , and when Cade 's men entered London in July , those two were among their earliest victims ( 16 , p.192 ) .
in june too , after an [try] to repel the rebels had failed , and the leaders of the royal force , sir humphrey stafford and william stafford , had been killed at sevenoaks , the government had tried to placate the kentishmen by arresting crowmer and say and sending them to the tower , and when cade 's men entered london in july , those two were among their earliest victims ( 16 , p.192 ) .

But Richard of York himself made no attempt to co-ordinate his movements with Cade 's , and the demands for his inclusion among the King 's advisers probably do no more than reflect dislike of the existing court faction .
but richard of york himself made no [try] to co-ordinate his movements with cade 's , and the demands for his inclusion among the king 's advisers probably do no more than reflect dislike of the existing court faction .

The western rising was prompted largely by religious conservatism , although an attempt to limit the number of servants a gentleman might have had social overtones ( 73 , p.61 , 69 , 136 , 142–4 ) .
the western rising was prompted largely by religious conservatism , although an [try] to limit the number of servants a gentleman might have had social overtones ( 73 , p.61 , 69 , 136 , 142–4 ) .

This had been consolidated in power by the end of the fourteenth century , after the one serious attempt to overthrow it .
this had been consolidated in power by the end of the fourteenth century , after the one serious [try] to overthrow it .

Even the attempt to limit the number of members each guild or craft might have on the council did not curb the power of the greater companies .
even the [try] to limit the number of members each guild or craft might have on the council did not curb the power of the greater companies .

In some places and at different times there was some resistance , at Lincoln at the end of the fourteenth century and at Southampton , where the mayor from 1488 to 1491 made an unsuccessful attempt to preserve some semblance of democracy ( 77 , pp.259–61 ) .
in some places and at different times there was some resistance , at lincoln at the end of the fourteenth century and at southampton , where the mayor from 1488 to 1491 made an unsuccessful [try] to preserve some semblance of democracy ( 77 , pp.259–61 ) .

Inside the company there were tensions , and in 1429 , along with the bullion legislation , an attempt was made to change the form of trading .
inside the company there were tensions , and in 1429 , along with the bullion legislation , an [try] was made to change the form of trading .

Portuguese protests seem to have crushed an attempt by two Englishmen , possibly with Spanish support , to secure a foothold in the Guinea trade , and around the same time , in 1480 and 1481 , Bristol ships were exploring out into the Atlantic in search of the ‘ Isle of Brasil ’ ( 45 , pp.19–23 , 187–9 ) .
portuguese protests seem to have crushed an [try] by two englishmen , possibly with spanish support , to secure a foothold in the guinea trade , and around the same time , in 1480 and 1481 , bristol ships were exploring out into the atlantic in search of the ‘ isle of brasil ’ ( 45 , pp.19–23 , 187–9 ) .

The study of the English economy in the late Middle Ages shows that there were wide discrepancies of fortune between different parts of the country , and that any attempt to understand its development must take into consideration not only such general factors as population change and the effects of war but also the immediate local factors which determined why one area could outstrip another in prosperity or decline .
the study of the english economy in the late middle ages shows that there were wide discrepancies of fortune between different parts of the country , and that any [try] to understand its development must take into consideration not only such general factors as population change and the effects of war but also the immediate local factors which determined why one area could outstrip another in prosperity or decline .

The English were in fact trying to claim the authentic characteristics of a nation irrespective of how it was defined , including an attempt to cover English claims over Scotland and Ireland , despite the absence of any ‘ habit of unity ’ in the former case or of a shared language in the latter .
the english were in fact trying to claim the authentic characteristics of a nation irrespective of how it was defined , including an [try] to cover english claims over scotland and ireland , despite the absence of any ‘ habit of unity ’ in the former case or of a shared language in the latter .

Nor was any attempt made to measure drug pressure , and data on response to other antimalarials were not presented .
nor was any [try] made to measure drug pressure , and data on response to other antimalarials were not presented .

The discussion below does not attempt to outline all the arguments but merely to point to some of the issues involved .
the discussion below does not [try] to outline all the arguments but merely to point to some of the issues involved .

This can be used to reinforce the differences between preference and ordinary shares although in this case the explanation does not lie in that direction as there are no preference shares ; rather the explanation is more to do with stability of dividends in an attempt to bolster shareholders ' confidence .
this can be used to reinforce the differences between preference and ordinary shares although in this case the explanation does not lie in that direction as there are no preference shares ; rather the explanation is more to do with stability of dividends in an [try] to bolster shareholders ' confidence .

Answer guide : Here you would need the information contained in the projections which provide the profit target so that you could attempt to improve on the profit either by increasing sales , or adjusting the staffing of your outlet to reduce the costs and thereby increase the profit .
answer guide : here you would need the information contained in the projections which provide the profit target so that you could [try] to improve on the profit either by increasing sales , or adjusting the staffing of your outlet to reduce the costs and thereby increase the profit .

That is setting a low pass mark themselves which they can easily achieve , whilst being demotivated when having to attempt to obtain a pass mark of 80 % that a lecturer has set .
that is setting a low pass mark themselves which they can easily achieve , whilst being demotivated when having to [try] to obtain a pass mark of 80 % that a lecturer has set .

Did you understand that when you made the partial attempt ?
did you understand that when you made the partial [try] ?

‘ What … what d' you mean , partial … attempt ? ’
‘ what … what d' you mean , partial … [try] ? ’

In 30 cases , sampled at 8–10 weeks ' gestation , an attempt was made to determine fetal sex by analysing amniotic fluid , coelomic fluid , and placental tissue .
in 30 cases , sampled at 8–10 weeks ' gestation , an [try] was made to determine fetal sex by analysing amniotic fluid , coelomic fluid , and placental tissue .

The patient is often accompanied by a relative or friend , and it is wise to include that person in the initial discussion since the patient may attempt to dismiss or deny the problem .
the patient is often accompanied by a relative or friend , and it is wise to include that person in the initial discussion since the patient may [try] to dismiss or deny the problem .

Patients or relatives may attempt to manipulate the therapist into compromising on issues such as the amount of weight to be regained or the kinds of food to be eaten .
patients or relatives may [try] to manipulate the therapist into compromising on issues such as the amount of weight to be regained or the kinds of food to be eaten .

The report also contends that any attempt by the government to establish a fixed budget for the nation 's total health care spending also would run foul of the Fifth Amendment .
the report also contends that any [try] by the government to establish a fixed budget for the nation 's total health care spending also would run foul of the fifth amendment .

People ambled along , indulging in the local pastime of frustrating car drivers who had the temerity to attempt a breakthrough .
people ambled along , indulging in the local pastime of frustrating car drivers who had the temerity to [try] a breakthrough .

Note that an attempt to introduce universal marginal benefit taxation implies the acceptance of the status quo .
note that an [try] to introduce universal marginal benefit taxation implies the acceptance of the status quo .

The Arrow Impossibility Theorem suggests that it may be futile to attempt to build it up from reasonable democratic assumptions ( see chapter 4 ) .
the arrow impossibility theorem suggests that it may be futile to [try] to build it up from reasonable democratic assumptions ( see chapter 4 ) .

One attempt to explain the choice of price subsidies and in-kind transfers is to assume a ‘ goods-specific ’ externality .
one [try] to explain the choice of price subsidies and in-kind transfers is to assume a ‘ goods-specific ’ externality .

When considering commodities that are ‘ inferior ’ ( in terms of quantity demanded as income rises ) , the in-kind transfer may be a more rational choice of instrument , allowing for the possibility that ‘ ineligible ’ individuals may attempt to make false claims on government assistance .
when considering commodities that are ‘ inferior ’ ( in terms of quantity demanded as income rises ) , the in-kind transfer may be a more rational choice of instrument , allowing for the possibility that ‘ ineligible ’ individuals may [try] to make false claims on government assistance .

Theories of normative income redistribution set a desirable standard or target , whereas the more positive theories are an attempt to predict something about the nature of redistribution in the empirical world which may or may not be consistent with one or more or any of the views of desirability .
theories of normative income redistribution set a desirable standard or target , whereas the more positive theories are an [try] to predict something about the nature of redistribution in the empirical world which may or may not be consistent with one or more or any of the views of desirability .

Any attempt , for example , to engineer a rate of unemployment except that associated with the natural rate of output will be thwarted .
any [try] , for example , to engineer a rate of unemployment except that associated with the natural rate of output will be thwarted .

Here we make no attempt to survey as many models as in the Alt and Chrystal taxonomy , but seek rather to highlight some examples .
here we make no [try] to survey as many models as in the alt and chrystal taxonomy , but seek rather to highlight some examples .

In an attempt to estimate these welfare losses , Bradford and Oates ( 1974 ) estimated a multiplicative demand function ( for local school expenditures ) .
in an [try] to estimate these welfare losses , bradford and oates ( 1974 ) estimated a multiplicative demand function ( for local school expenditures ) .

With respect to the effects of the overall tax system at each income level , Dilnot , Kay and Morris ( 1984 ) provide an insight . To put their approach crudely , they attempt to summarize the tax system in a complicated version of the following equation : where
with respect to the effects of the overall tax system at each income level , dilnot , kay and morris ( 1984 ) provide an insight . to put their approach crudely , they [try] to summarize the tax system in a complicated version of the following equation : where

those , for example in the public choice tradition , who are sceptical of reform proposals , regarding them as an attempt at ‘ rent seeking ’ ( Buchanan 1987 , Tullock 1988 ) .
those , for example in the public choice tradition , who are sceptical of reform proposals , regarding them as an [try] at ‘ rent seeking ’ ( buchanan 1987 , tullock 1988 ) .

Goering did not fly , and Hitler 's first attempt at starting World War 11 was a failure .
goering did not fly , and hitler 's first [try] at starting world war 11 was a failure .

Poor Chamberlain tried to save himself , but his reply was yet more pathetic than his first attempt .
poor chamberlain tried to save himself , but his reply was yet more pathetic than his first [try] .

Yet he made no attempt to harass the driver into any illegitimate speed .
yet he made no [try] to harass the driver into any illegitimate speed .

Cornelius made a vain attempt to do so .
cornelius made a vain [try] to do so .

‘ The loon Yarrow made another attempt to have me employed today . ’
‘ the loon yarrow made another [try] to have me employed today . ’

No attempt should be made to enter directory files , i.e .
no [try] should be made to enter directory files , i.e .

Do not necessarily try to get DCs agreed at the first attempt .
do not necessarily try to get dcs agreed at the first [try] .

When various media types and units are being used , particularly if primary and secondary media items have been forced to different media types , a unit which is only able to handle secondary items will attempt to do so in order to contribute to the workload .
when various media types and units are being used , particularly if primary and secondary media items have been forced to different media types , a unit which is only able to handle secondary items will [try] to do so in order to contribute to the workload .

If it is , you have probably tried to create the new database twice , after an unsuccessful first attempt .
if it is , you have probably tried to create the new database twice , after an unsuccessful first [try] .

The error messages in the process log attempt to give as much information about the cause and source of an error as possible .
the error messages in the process log [try] to give as much information about the cause and source of an error as possible .

is a return parameter providing a report of the errors encountered during the attempt to view the module 's details .
is a return parameter providing a report of the errors encountered during the [try] to view the module 's details .

is a return parameter providing a report of the errors encountered during the attempt to update the module 's details .
is a return parameter providing a report of the errors encountered during the [try] to update the module 's details .

An attempt has been made to change the state of one or more DCs which is an illegal transition ( e.g .
an [try] has been made to change the state of one or more dcs which is an illegal transition ( e.g .

An attempt has been made to activate a DC/DCs via a package which already has the maximum allowable being worked on ( 10 ) .
an [try] has been made to activate a dc/dcs via a package which already has the maximum allowable being worked on ( 10 ) .

When an attempt is made to add an item which is already in the cache , the item is moved to the top of the cache .
when an [try] is made to add an item which is already in the cache , the item is moved to the top of the cache .

Action : 100 approved modules is the maximum which can be included in a new baseline in one attempt .
action : 100 approved modules is the maximum which can be included in a new baseline in one [try] .

He made a half-hearted attempt to brush away my hand .
he made a half-hearted [try] to brush away my hand .

Either nerves or alcohol turn every attempt at chat into a limping string of words .
either nerves or alcohol turn every [try] at chat into a limping string of words .

‘ Mixed Up ’ employs the talents of various dance luminaries — including Paul Oakenfold , the man latterly behind Happy Mondays , and William Orbit , of Bass-O- Matic fame — in an attempt to twist The Cure 's tenacious , highly idiosyncratic pop into devilish new forms , without ever sacrificing the spirit of the original .
‘ mixed up ’ employs the talents of various dance luminaries — including paul oakenfold , the man latterly behind happy mondays , and william orbit , of bass-o- matic fame — in an [try] to twist the cure 's tenacious , highly idiosyncratic pop into devilish new forms , without ever sacrificing the spirit of the original .

Registers were often kept in a disorderly fashion with no attempt to separate baptisms from burials or marriages .
registers were often kept in a disorderly fashion with no [try] to separate baptisms from burials or marriages .

The 56-year-old engineer-already renowned for railway bridges in Portugal and Hungary , the colossal Gabarit viaduct in the Auvergne region and his gigantic locks for the first disastrous attempt to build a Panama Canal — declared his creation open on March 31 , 1889 to an accompaniment of fireworks and a 25-gun salute .
the 56-year-old engineer-already renowned for railway bridges in portugal and hungary , the colossal gabarit viaduct in the auvergne region and his gigantic locks for the first disastrous [try] to build a panama canal — declared his creation open on march 31 , 1889 to an accompaniment of fireworks and a 25-gun salute .

Hence , social psychologists attempt to transcend the naivety of common sense , to clear up its confusions and ‘ unfounded speculation ’ , and to transform lay into scientific theories .
hence , social psychologists [try] to transcend the naivety of common sense , to clear up its confusions and ‘ unfounded speculation ’ , and to transform lay into scientific theories .

Over lunch in a Chinese restaurant in the Renaissance Centre — a huge tubular steel and glass shopping mall put up in an attempt to disguise Detroit 's decaying heart — Paris Gray is recounting the countries she 's visited in the past couple of months .
over lunch in a chinese restaurant in the renaissance centre — a huge tubular steel and glass shopping mall put up in an [try] to disguise detroit 's decaying heart — paris gray is recounting the countries she 's visited in the past couple of months .

They concocted a shopping list of stars , which included Queen , Peter Gabriel and Dire Straits , in an attempt to raise £250,000 for local charities , announced their plans and then started trying to secure the groups .
they concocted a shopping list of stars , which included queen , peter gabriel and dire straits , in an [try] to raise £250,000 for local charities , announced their plans and then started trying to secure the groups .

The Women For Socialism Conference was an attempt to build some kind of an alliance or unity between left Labour women and women outside organising in Women 's groups across a fairly broad spectrum and it did n't succeed in the totality of its aims certainly .
the women for socialism conference was an [try] to build some kind of an alliance or unity between left labour women and women outside organising in women 's groups across a fairly broad spectrum and it did n't succeed in the totality of its aims certainly .

Because of the ever-present restlessness , the attempt by people who are in pain at all times , to overcome the pain or to reach out , to speak up , in demonstrations and protests — even just the manner in which the people have to carry themselves from one day to another .
because of the ever-present restlessness , the [try] by people who are in pain at all times , to overcome the pain or to reach out , to speak up , in demonstrations and protests — even just the manner in which the people have to carry themselves from one day to another .

The protest from South African people escalating , and the struggles of our people through such bodies as trade unions — all these factors coming together , should play a part in an attempt to put an end to Apartheid .
the protest from south african people escalating , and the struggles of our people through such bodies as trade unions — all these factors coming together , should play a part in an [try] to put an end to apartheid .

It 's hardly surprising that we should be deeply suspicious of any attempt to deal with a subject as charged as rape .
it 's hardly surprising that we should be deeply suspicious of any [try] to deal with a subject as charged as rape .

Its attempt to combine serious social comment with an escapist action movie format cause it to fall heavily between two stools .
its [try] to combine serious social comment with an escapist action movie format cause it to fall heavily between two stools .

The movie that provoked most debate around rape and its representation before The Accused , was Lamont Johnson 's 1976 film Lipstick , which at least did make some attempt to make connections between the rape and the wider social implications of how society constructs images of women .
the movie that provoked most debate around rape and its representation before the accused , was lamont johnson 's 1976 film lipstick , which at least did make some [try] to make connections between the rape and the wider social implications of how society constructs images of women .

In some cases girls end up with many sexual partners in their attempt to find a partner who can satisfy them .
in some cases girls end up with many sexual partners in their [try] to find a partner who can satisfy them .

There is only one exception , if during the separation period you have lived together temporarily for not more than six months in all , in a final attempt to make the marriage work , you may still be eligible to apply for a divorce under the simplified procedure .
there is only one exception , if during the separation period you have lived together temporarily for not more than six months in all , in a final [try] to make the marriage work , you may still be eligible to apply for a divorce under the simplified procedure .

Two book shops and a newspaper office have been firebombed , possibly because of Mr Salman Rushdie 's novel ’ The Satanic Verses ’ , and an attempt was made on the life of the wife of the captain of the uss Vincennes , the ship that shot down an Iranian airbus .
two book shops and a newspaper office have been firebombed , possibly because of mr salman rushdie 's novel ’ the satanic verses ’ , and an [try] was made on the life of the wife of the captain of the uss vincennes , the ship that shot down an iranian airbus .

In what is probably the boldest attempt yet to change Human behaviour for the sake of the environment , officials in southern California have produced a long-range plan to deal with Los Angeles 's infamous smog .
in what is probably the boldest [try] yet to change human behaviour for the sake of the environment , officials in southern california have produced a long-range plan to deal with los angeles 's infamous smog .

In the nine years between the previous attempt at a historic compromise and this one Poland saw the virtual collapse of the party , the imposition of martial law , the banning of Solidarity and relentless economic misery .
in the nine years between the previous [try] at a historic compromise and this one poland saw the virtual collapse of the party , the imposition of martial law , the banning of solidarity and relentless economic misery .

Their attempt to cause trouble is not only a sign of division within the party ; it could also pose problems for Solidarity .
their [try] to cause trouble is not only a sign of division within the party ; it could also pose problems for solidarity .

When Hungary 's ruler after the first world war , Admiral Horthy , defeated an attempt by Zita and Karl to regain their throne , most Hungarians were not sorry .
when hungary 's ruler after the first world war , admiral horthy , defeated an [try] by zita and karl to regain their throne , most hungarians were not sorry .

Performance ratios attempt to answer the question : how well is the business being run ? They include ratios measuring return on investment ( both on ordinary shareholders ' funds and on the total net assets employed ) , margins on sales and measures of stock holdings and trade credit extended .
performance ratios [try] to answer the question : how well is the business being run ? they include ratios measuring return on investment ( both on ordinary shareholders ' funds and on the total net assets employed ) , margins on sales and measures of stock holdings and trade credit extended .

only agree of a single claim item subject to a satisfactory overall settlement : a skilled negotiator can pick off the strong points in a claim and attempt to buy them cheaply
only agree of a single claim item subject to a satisfactory overall settlement : a skilled negotiator can pick off the strong points in a claim and [try] to buy them cheaply

The Third Attempt to Rid Britain of Socialism
the third [try] to rid britain of socialism

Whilst the Accord provided for increased powers for the provinces and a reform of the federal Senate , its most controversial element was its attempt to induce Quebec to sign the 1982 Constitution in return for a recognition that the French-speaking province was a `` distinct society `` .
whilst the accord provided for increased powers for the provinces and a reform of the federal senate , its most controversial element was its [try] to induce quebec to sign the 1982 constitution in return for a recognition that the french-speaking province was a `` distinct society `` .

Coup attempt following protests
coup [try] following protests

The attempt by Lima 's Roman Catholic hierarchy to mobilize Catholic opinion against him , was seen to have failed when he won in Lima and in Arequipa , the country 's second largest city and Vargas Llosa 's birthplace .
the [try] by lima 's roman catholic hierarchy to mobilize catholic opinion against him , was seen to have failed when he won in lima and in arequipa , the country 's second largest city and vargas llosa 's birthplace .

The Congress had rejected the legislation on May 31 , having already defeated in mid-May the government 's attempt to introduce emergency measures to raise taxes on financial transactions ( to restrict the expansion of credit ) and to cut the wages of public employees covered by statutory job security .
the congress had rejected the legislation on may 31 , having already defeated in mid-may the government 's [try] to introduce emergency measures to raise taxes on financial transactions ( to restrict the expansion of credit ) and to cut the wages of public employees covered by statutory job security .

India and Pakistan each withdrew troops from their common border in early June in an attempt to defuse tension caused by the unrest in Kashmir .
india and pakistan each withdrew troops from their common border in early june in an [try] to defuse tension caused by the unrest in kashmir .

When Chaovalit 's resignation was announced early on June 11 ( the day on which the Prime Minister was due to embark on a tour of the United States ) there were immediate fears that a coup attempt might be launched , as soldiers in Bangkok and other areas began demonstrating within their barracks .
when chaovalit 's resignation was announced early on june 11 ( the day on which the prime minister was due to embark on a tour of the united states ) there were immediate fears that a coup [try] might be launched , as soldiers in bangkok and other areas began demonstrating within their barracks .

Many commentators interpreted Aquino 's action as an attempt to revive her reputation as a populist and to distance herself from the charges of nepotism , corruption and incompetence which had been increasingly directed against her government by critics from both the right and the left .
many commentators interpreted aquino 's action as an [try] to revive her reputation as a populist and to distance herself from the charges of nepotism , corruption and incompetence which had been increasingly directed against her government by critics from both the right and the left .

The move was also widely seen as an attempt to create an independent political organization with which Aquino could — notwithstanding her previous pledges to the contrary — contest the 1992 presidential election .
the move was also widely seen as an [try] to create an independent political organization with which aquino could — notwithstanding her previous pledges to the contrary — contest the 1992 presidential election .

No group claimed responsibility , but Jan Urban , a leading figure in Civic Forum , described it as an attempt to disrupt the elections , and blamed former members of the Statni Bezpecnost ( StB — State Security or secret police ) , which had been abolished on Feb. 1 [ see p. 37255 ] .
no group claimed responsibility , but jan urban , a leading figure in civic forum , described it as an [try] to disrupt the elections , and blamed former members of the statni bezpecnost ( stb — state security or secret police ) , which had been abolished on feb. 1 [ see p. 37255 ] .

We are facing an organized attempt to remove by force and violence the country 's elected leaders , `` he said , and he called on workers to `` support the action of eliminating this fascist rebellion `` .
we are facing an organized [try] to remove by force and violence the country 's elected leaders , `` he said , and he called on workers to `` support the action of eliminating this fascist rebellion `` .

In January 1990 , at the continuing trial of former Army commander Lt.-Gen. Christon Tembo and three other officers accused of high treason [ for start of trial in November 1989 see p. 37142 ] , an Army officer giving evidence as a state witness claimed that President Robert Mugabe of Zimbabwe had pledged support for the plotters before their planned coup attempt in October 1988 [ see p. 36264 ] .
in january 1990 , at the continuing trial of former army commander lt.-gen. christon tembo and three other officers accused of high treason [ for start of trial in november 1989 see p. 37142 ] , an army officer giving evidence as a state witness claimed that president robert mugabe of zimbabwe had pledged support for the plotters before their planned coup [try] in october 1988 [ see p. 36264 ] .

Allegations of a planned coup attempt emerged in court cases linked to the detention without trial of nine people in March 1989 .
allegations of a planned coup [try] emerged in court cases linked to the detention without trial of nine people in march 1989 .

More than 5,000,000 marijuana plants were said to have been destroyed in the operation in an attempt to curb the flow of illegal drugs from the kingdom into South Africa .
more than 5,000,000 marijuana plants were said to have been destroyed in the operation in an [try] to curb the flow of illegal drugs from the kingdom into south africa .

In an attempt to " depoliticize " the role of the police , de Klerk on Jan. 17 , 1990 , told 500 police in Pretoria that the government would " stop asking you to fight in the front trenches in political battles " , and said that henceforth police would " not be required to prevent people from marching to gain support for their views " ; instead police should concentrate on combating crime .
in an [try] to " depoliticize " the role of the police , de klerk on jan. 17 , 1990 , told 500 police in pretoria that the government would " stop asking you to fight in the front trenches in political battles " , and said that henceforth police would " not be required to prevent people from marching to gain support for their views " ; instead police should concentrate on combating crime .

One view saw Suharto 's motive in encouraging greater activism on the part of Golkar as an attempt to acquire a reforming image to help counteract pressure on him to stand down before the 1993 election .
one view saw suharto 's motive in encouraging greater activism on the part of golkar as an [try] to acquire a reforming image to help counteract pressure on him to stand down before the 1993 election .

Henceforth private investment in the development of the non-petroleum manufacturing sector was to be encouraged in an attempt to absorb Indonesia 's rapidly expanding labour force ( growing by approximately 2,000,000 annually ) .
henceforth private investment in the development of the non-petroleum manufacturing sector was to be encouraged in an [try] to absorb indonesia 's rapidly expanding labour force ( growing by approximately 2,000,000 annually ) .

Concern to spread any benefits of reform more evenly across the economy was also evident at the beginning of 1990 , when the Bank of Indonesia restricted the availability of credit in an attempt to reduce inflationary pressure .
concern to spread any benefits of reform more evenly across the economy was also evident at the beginning of 1990 , when the bank of indonesia restricted the availability of credit in an [try] to reduce inflationary pressure .

Aftermath of 1989 coup attempt
aftermath of 1989 coup [try]

The coup attempt sharpened domestic political rivalries .
the coup [try] sharpened domestic political rivalries .

On Dec. 31 , 1989 , Aquino announced sweeping Cabinet changes in an attempt to deal with some of the charges made against her by the rebel soldiers , with nine new appointees taking over key government posts [ see p. 37121 ] .
on dec. 31 , 1989 , aquino announced sweeping cabinet changes in an [try] to deal with some of the charges made against her by the rebel soldiers , with nine new appointees taking over key government posts [ see p. 37121 ] .

Following the coup attempt Aquino had promised to `` take stock `` and address some of the popular grievances such as breakdowns in transportation and electricity services .
following the coup [try] aquino had promised to `` take stock `` and address some of the popular grievances such as breakdowns in transportation and electricity services .

Despite the defeat of the current plotters , the main danger to the government was of another coup attempt , which was seen by many as almost inevitable , given the high level of politicization within the armed forces , the almost total lack of respect for the Constitution , and the inability of the President to move decisively and quickly enough against the disaffected elements .
despite the defeat of the current plotters , the main danger to the government was of another coup [try] , which was seen by many as almost inevitable , given the high level of politicization within the armed forces , the almost total lack of respect for the constitution , and the inability of the president to move decisively and quickly enough against the disaffected elements .

In a secret interview before his capture Abenina claimed that he had brought together the forces of Gregorio `` Gringo `` Honasan , the officer cashiered for his part in an earlier coup attempt in 1987 , and groups led by a Marcos loyalist , Brig .
in a secret interview before his capture abenina claimed that he had brought together the forces of gregorio `` gringo `` honasan , the officer cashiered for his part in an earlier coup [try] in 1987 , and groups led by a marcos loyalist , brig .

Lim 's sources of information were seen to be much more effective than the Army 's compromised intelligence gathering network , as evidenced by the fact that four of the chief rebel officers captured since the coup attempt had been tracked down and arrested by the police .
lim 's sources of information were seen to be much more effective than the army 's compromised intelligence gathering network , as evidenced by the fact that four of the chief rebel officers captured since the coup [try] had been tracked down and arrested by the police .

Economic repercussions of coup attempt
economic repercussions of coup [try]

Japanese investor confidence faltered with the news of the coup attempt , one immediate result of which was the postponement of a $ 35,000,000 plan by the Japanese electronics company Sony to build an audio equipment factory near Manila .
japanese investor confidence faltered with the news of the coup [try] , one immediate result of which was the postponement of a $ 35,000,000 plan by the japanese electronics company sony to build an audio equipment factory near manila .

Prior to the coup attempt the applications approved by the Philippine Board of Investments for 1989 had increased by 128 per cent to be worth a total of $ 781,600,000 .
prior to the coup [try] the applications approved by the philippine board of investments for 1989 had increased by 128 per cent to be worth a total of $ 781,600,000 .

On May 24 the protesters took hostage the French consul-general and 10 oil company employees , apparently in an attempt to obtain French support for their demands .
on may 24 the protesters took hostage the french consul-general and 10 oil company employees , apparently in an [try] to obtain french support for their demands .

Coup attempt
coup [try]

On May 17 the Estonian Supreme Soviet banned political strikes in an attempt to head off stoppages threatened by the United Council of Work Collectives to start on May 21 .
on may 17 the estonian supreme soviet banned political strikes in an [try] to head off stoppages threatened by the united council of work collectives to start on may 21 .

There were reports in late 1989 of maltreatment of prisoners at the Yaoundé central prison , where in December two former Army officers imprisoned after the 1984 coup attempt were reportedly beaten to death .
there were reports in late 1989 of maltreatment of prisoners at the yaoundé central prison , where in december two former army officers imprisoned after the 1984 coup [try] were reportedly beaten to death .

On April 22 , 1990 , Biya announced that people still in detention as a result of the coup attempt were to be released .
on april 22 , 1990 , biya announced that people still in detention as a result of the coup [try] were to be released .

In an attempt to boost exports , Biya announced on Sept. 8 that the producer price of cocoa would be cut by 40 per cent for the 1989-90 season , and on Nov. 21 that the producer price of arabica coffee would be cut [ for slump in world cocoa and coffee prices see pp. 36635-36 ] .
in an [try] to boost exports , biya announced on sept. 8 that the producer price of cocoa would be cut by 40 per cent for the 1989-90 season , and on nov. 21 that the producer price of arabica coffee would be cut [ for slump in world cocoa and coffee prices see pp. 36635-36 ] .

On Oct. 19 , 1989 , the government confirmed that it was holding Gen. François Bozize and 11 other opposition figures who had fled to Benin after an abortive coup attempt in 1982 .
on oct. 19 , 1989 , the government confirmed that it was holding gen. françois bozize and 11 other opposition figures who had fled to benin after an abortive coup [try] in 1982 .

On March 8 , 1990 , at least six people were reported wounded and 20 others arrested in continued disturbances in Rosario [ for looting in February see p. 37244 ] , 300 km north-west of Buenos Aires , as police clashed with slum dwellers who had blocked a highway in an attempt to loot vehicles .
on march 8 , 1990 , at least six people were reported wounded and 20 others arrested in continued disturbances in rosario [ for looting in february see p. 37244 ] , 300 km north-west of buenos aires , as police clashed with slum dwellers who had blocked a highway in an [try] to loot vehicles .

Observers interpreted the merger as an attempt to halt the steady decline of the communist vote in Finland .
observers interpreted the merger as an [try] to halt the steady decline of the communist vote in finland .

Immediately before the April 1990 general election Dimitris Angelopoulos , the chief of the National Intelligence Service , was dismissed in connection with an attempt to sabotage a television channel linked to Pasok and was replaced on April 1 by Pandelis Kalamakis .
immediately before the april 1990 general election dimitris angelopoulos , the chief of the national intelligence service , was dismissed in connection with an [try] to sabotage a television channel linked to pasok and was replaced on april 1 by pandelis kalamakis .

Coup attempt
coup [try]

The coup attempt was the bloodiest in Nigeria 's history , with at least 10 killed in heavy fighting .
the coup [try] was the bloodiest in nigeria 's history , with at least 10 killed in heavy fighting .

The attempt began at 2 a.m. with an assault on Dodan Barracks on Ikoyi Island in Lagos , the headquarters of the military government .
the [try] began at 2 a.m. with an assault on dodan barracks on ikoyi island in lagos , the headquarters of the military government .

Commentators suggested that the attempt had had the support of wealthy former politicians , whose ambitions had been foiled by Babangida 's refusal to allow the `` old guard `` of politicians to stand for office on the return to party politics .
commentators suggested that the [try] had had the support of wealthy former politicians , whose ambitions had been foiled by babangida 's refusal to allow the `` old guard `` of politicians to stand for office on the return to party politics .

They suggested that no coup attempt had actually occurred , and implied that the government had made the claim of armed insurrection as a pretext for executing officers whose loyalty to the regime was in doubt .
they suggested that no coup [try] had actually occurred , and implied that the government had made the claim of armed insurrection as a pretext for executing officers whose loyalty to the regime was in doubt .

Among those executed , several of whom had been detained before the " coup attempt " , were the former Air Force commander , Maj.-Gen. Khalid al Zayn Ali , the artillery corps commander , Maj.-Gen. Abdul Kader , and the ex-Governor of the Eastern Region , Brig. Mohammed Osman Hamed Karar .
among those executed , several of whom had been detained before the " coup [try] " , were the former air force commander , maj.-gen. khalid al zayn ali , the artillery corps commander , maj.-gen. abdul kader , and the ex-governor of the eastern region , brig. mohammed osman hamed karar .

An attempt by the District Attorney to overturn it resulted in the Supreme Court 's consideration of the case on April 2 .
an [try] by the district attorney to overturn it resulted in the supreme court 's consideration of the case on april 2 .

Anti-United States demonstrations were held throughout Cuba on April 19 to celebrate the anniversary of the 1961 `` Bay of Pigs `` invasion , when Cuban forces loyal to President Fidel Castro defeated a US-backed invasion attempt .
anti-united states demonstrations were held throughout cuba on april 19 to celebrate the anniversary of the 1961 `` bay of pigs `` invasion , when cuban forces loyal to president fidel castro defeated a us-backed invasion [try] .

The attempt to rationalize various spheres of state control through increased centralization was consistent with the Vietnamese government 's widely perceived caution concerning the pace of political reform .
the [try] to rationalize various spheres of state control through increased centralization was consistent with the vietnamese government 's widely perceived caution concerning the pace of political reform .

Escape of rebels implicated in coup attempt
escape of rebels implicated in coup [try]

Bilbastro `` Billy `` Bibit , an alleged leader of the December 1989 coup attempt against the government of President Corazon Aquino , escaped from a Manila prison in the early hours of April 8 .
bilbastro `` billy `` bibit , an alleged leader of the december 1989 coup [try] against the government of president corazon aquino , escaped from a manila prison in the early hours of april 8 .

Bibit and four companions were assisted in their escape by 15 soldiers from the Young Officers ' Union , a shadowy , dissident group within the armed forces which was believed to have played a leading role in organizing the coup attempt .
bibit and four companions were assisted in their escape by 15 soldiers from the young officers ' union , a shadowy , dissident group within the armed forces which was believed to have played a leading role in organizing the coup [try] .

Rogelio Seradoy , the helicopter pilot of the August 1987 coup attempt leader Col. Gregorio `` Gringo `` Honasan , apparently fled from a Manila airbase after obtaining a two-day leave pass .
rogelio seradoy , the helicopter pilot of the august 1987 coup [try] leader col. gregorio `` gringo `` honasan , apparently fled from a manila airbase after obtaining a two-day leave pass .

An earlier attempt to extend President 's rule , on March 30 , had resulted in an embarrassing debacle when the government failed to ensure that there were enough members present to constitute a quorum for a constitutional amendment .
an earlier [try] to extend president 's rule , on march 30 , had resulted in an embarrassing debacle when the government failed to ensure that there were enough members present to constitute a quorum for a constitutional amendment .

Vyacheslav Shostakovsky , a Democratic Platform leader , on April 11 denounced the letter as an attempt to restrict political debate ahead of the congress and said that the Platform could not be accused of trying to steer the party off course since that course was still being defined .
vyacheslav shostakovsky , a democratic platform leader , on april 11 denounced the letter as an [try] to restrict political debate ahead of the congress and said that the platform could not be accused of trying to steer the party off course since that course was still being defined .

However , an attempt to satisfy donors on the exchange rate was made with the announcement of a further 17.3 per cent devaluation of the shilling on Dec. 3 , 1989 , to $ 1.00=TSh180 .
however , an [try] to satisfy donors on the exchange rate was made with the announcement of a further 17.3 per cent devaluation of the shilling on dec. 3 , 1989 , to $ 1.00=tsh180 .

It was not known if any of the Air Force personnel detained after the 1982 coup attempt [ see p. 31837 ] , whose names were never published , were still being held .
it was not known if any of the air force personnel detained after the 1982 coup [try] [ see p. 31837 ] , whose names were never published , were still being held .

Unsuccessful coup attempt
unsuccessful coup [try]

Earlier , the Senate had voted on Aug. 2 , 1989 , to reduce the strength of its presence in Western Europe , in a further attempt to save on costs and to meet the growing mood of confidence in East-West relations .
earlier , the senate had voted on aug. 2 , 1989 , to reduce the strength of its presence in western europe , in a further [try] to save on costs and to meet the growing mood of confidence in east-west relations .

In an attempt to break the deadlock over the Accord 's ratification , Mulroney held a two-day Premiers ' conference on Nov. 10-11 .
in an [try] to break the deadlock over the accord 's ratification , mulroney held a two-day premiers ' conference on nov. 10-11 .

37137-38 ] represented an attempt on his part to make a political comeback .
37137-38 ] represented an [try] on his part to make a political comeback .

Pérez de Cuéllar on March 7 , 1990 , presented Iran and Iraq with a new eight-point peace agenda in a fresh attempt to bring the Gulf war to an official end .
pérez de cuéllar on march 7 , 1990 , presented iran and iraq with a new eight-point peace agenda in a fresh [try] to bring the gulf war to an official end .

These included prisoners serving life sentences for their part in a coup attempt in 1980 , namely Edward Shamwana , Goodwin Yoram Mumba , Albert Chilambe Chimbalile and Deogratia Symba [ see p. 32179 ] , as well as Lt.-Gen. Christon Tembo and three other Army officers currently on trial for treason in connection with a 1988 coup plot [ see p. 37557 ] .
these included prisoners serving life sentences for their part in a coup [try] in 1980 , namely edward shamwana , goodwin yoram mumba , albert chilambe chimbalile and deogratia symba [ see p. 32179 ] , as well as lt.-gen. christon tembo and three other army officers currently on trial for treason in connection with a 1988 coup plot [ see p. 37557 ] .

This factor was thought to have been a key reason for Souter 's nomination , as Bush was eager to avoid repeating the divisive — and ultimately unsuccessful — struggle for Senate endorsement which had marked Reagan 's 1987 attempt to appoint the conservative Robert Bork [ see p. 35701 ] .
this factor was thought to have been a key reason for souter 's nomination , as bush was eager to avoid repeating the divisive — and ultimately unsuccessful — struggle for senate endorsement which had marked reagan 's 1987 [try] to appoint the conservative robert bork [ see p. 35701 ] .

Members of the Jamaat al Muslimeen , a militant black Moslem sect , staged an unsuccessful coup attempt on July 27 against the government of Prime Minister Arthur Robinson .
members of the jamaat al muslimeen , a militant black moslem sect , staged an unsuccessful coup [try] on july 27 against the government of prime minister arthur robinson .

Before the coup attempt , commentators had already been expressing the fear that economic decline could exacerbate the conflict inherent within the country 's heterogeneous racial structure .
before the coup [try] , commentators had already been expressing the fear that economic decline could exacerbate the conflict inherent within the country 's heterogeneous racial structure .

In the days which followed the coup attempt , as police and Army units concentrated upon laying seige to the two occupied buildings , there was widespread violence and looting within Port of Spain .
in the days which followed the coup [try] , as police and army units concentrated upon laying seige to the two occupied buildings , there was widespread violence and looting within port of spain .

The 12-hour curfew imposed after the coup attempt was extended to 18 hours on July 30 , but the chaos continued as rampaging gangs clashed with vigilantes and police amid burnt out shops and warehouses .
the 12-hour curfew imposed after the coup [try] was extended to 18 hours on july 30 , but the chaos continued as rampaging gangs clashed with vigilantes and police amid burnt out shops and warehouses .

Police and troops made an attempt to recapture Red House on July 29 , but were ordered back by the Prime Minister who , along with several other hostages , had been wired with explosive charges .
police and troops made an [try] to recapture red house on july 29 , but were ordered back by the prime minister who , along with several other hostages , had been wired with explosive charges .

In an attempt to create a government of national unity it included specialists , politically non-aligned individuals , right- and left-wing politicians ( albeit without the backing of their parties ) , and members of the armed forces .
in an [try] to create a government of national unity it included specialists , politically non-aligned individuals , right- and left-wing politicians ( albeit without the backing of their parties ) , and members of the armed forces .

In another unexpected Northern initiative , it was announced on July 5 that the northern side of the border at the Panmunjom armistice village ( situated in the Demilitarized Zone between the two countries ) would be opened from Aug. 15 in an attempt to encourage contacts between the two countries .
in another unexpected northern initiative , it was announced on july 5 that the northern side of the border at the panmunjom armistice village ( situated in the demilitarized zone between the two countries ) would be opened from aug. 15 in an [try] to encourage contacts between the two countries .

Relations soured after the abortive coup attempt of September 1965 which heralded Sukarno 's eventual downfall and the rise of the current President , Suharto .
relations soured after the abortive coup [try] of september 1965 which heralded sukarno 's eventual downfall and the rise of the current president , suharto .

Armenian nationalist leaders warned that any attempt by troops to disarm the militias operating there might produce a bloodbath .
armenian nationalist leaders warned that any [try] by troops to disarm the militias operating there might produce a bloodbath .

The delegates representing the civic committees indicated that they had no wish to see a split in their ranks , and unanimously endorsed Walesa as Solidarity leader , but rejected his suggestion that the civic committees be opened to other political parties — a manoeuvre interpreted as an attempt by Walesa to broaden his base of support .
the delegates representing the civic committees indicated that they had no wish to see a split in their ranks , and unanimously endorsed walesa as solidarity leader , but rejected his suggestion that the civic committees be opened to other political parties — a manoeuvre interpreted as an [try] by walesa to broaden his base of support .

They also rejected Mazowiecki 's attempt to transform the civic committees into a single political party loyal to him .
they also rejected mazowiecki 's [try] to transform the civic committees into a single political party loyal to him .

In what was interpreted as an attempt to rebut Walesa 's criticisms , Mazowiecki in effect dismissed three former Communists from his cabinet on July 6 .
in what was interpreted as an [try] to rebut walesa 's criticisms , mazowiecki in effect dismissed three former communists from his cabinet on july 6 .

The June 26 measure had been approved despite an attempt by ethnic Albanian deputies in Serbia to have them discussed by the Kosovo Assembly .
the june 26 measure had been approved despite an [try] by ethnic albanian deputies in serbia to have them discussed by the kosovo assembly .

The plan was a further attempt to persuade the rival regime of Gen. Michel Aoun , the former Army C.-in-C. and self-declared interim Premier of Lebanon , to embrace the October 1989 Taif Accord for Lebanese national reconciliation [ see p. 36986 ] , and followed two recent efforts launched by France and the Vatican [ see p. 37548 ] .
the plan was a further [try] to persuade the rival regime of gen. michel aoun , the former army c.-in-c. and self-declared interim premier of lebanon , to embrace the october 1989 taif accord for lebanese national reconciliation [ see p. 36986 ] , and followed two recent efforts launched by france and the vatican [ see p. 37548 ] .

Both Iran and Syria accused Israel of launching the raids in an attempt to block the release of a Western hostage held in Lebanon .
both iran and syria accused israel of launching the raids in an [try] to block the release of a western hostage held in lebanon .

The party 's political bureau voted on July 12 in favour of Rabin 's proposal to hold a leadership contest before the end of the month , but on July 22 the party 's central committee voted by 54 per cent to 46 per cent against this attempt to force a contest .
the party 's political bureau voted on july 12 in favour of rabin 's proposal to hold a leadership contest before the end of the month , but on july 22 the party 's central committee voted by 54 per cent to 46 per cent against this [try] to force a contest .

The pilgrims , 680 of whom were later identified as Indonesian and some 600 as Turkish , died of suffocation or were trampled to death in a frantic attempt to escape , as an estimated 50,000 worshippers converged simultaneously on the 500-metre long al-Mu'aysam tunnel connecting Mecca to the pilgrim tent city of Mina , below Mount Arafat .
the pilgrims , 680 of whom were later identified as indonesian and some 600 as turkish , died of suffocation or were trampled to death in a frantic [try] to escape , as an estimated 50,000 worshippers converged simultaneously on the 500-metre long al-mu'aysam tunnel connecting mecca to the pilgrim tent city of mina , below mount arafat .

Thus , it was suggested , Babangida was well placed to forestall any attempt within the security forces to hinder the progress of transition to a civilian , two-party system of government by 1992 .
thus , it was suggested , babangida was well placed to forestall any [try] within the security forces to hinder the progress of transition to a civilian , two-party system of government by 1992 .

Martial law was lifted in Beijing on Jan. 11 , having been imposed by the authorities in May 1989 in an attempt to quell growing pro-democracy demonstrations centred in the city 's Tiananmen Square [ see p. 36641 ; see pp. 36720-22 for crushing of pro-democracy movement in early June ] .
martial law was lifted in beijing on jan. 11 , having been imposed by the authorities in may 1989 in an [try] to quell growing pro-democracy demonstrations centred in the city 's tiananmen square [ see p. 36641 ; see pp. 36720-22 for crushing of pro-democracy movement in early june ] .

In December 1989 he had survived a car-bomb assassination attempt in Cairo .
in december 1989 he had survived a car-bomb assassination [try] in cairo .

Shortly after the invasion United States troops , backed up by forces from various European , Arab and Asian countries , were quickly dispatched to Saudi Arabia in an attempt to shield the kingdom from Iraqi assault and to impress upon President Saddam Hussein of Iraq that he should withdraw his troops from Kuwait .
shortly after the invasion united states troops , backed up by forces from various european , arab and asian countries , were quickly dispatched to saudi arabia in an [try] to shield the kingdom from iraqi assault and to impress upon president saddam hussein of iraq that he should withdraw his troops from kuwait .

The first attempt by the Arab states to formulate a unified response to the invasion came late on Aug. 3 , over 40 hours after Iraqi troops first crossed into Kuwait .
the first [try] by the arab states to formulate a unified response to the invasion came late on aug. 3 , over 40 hours after iraqi troops first crossed into kuwait .

The two chambers would then attempt to reconcile the differences and agree upon a single bill .
the two chambers would then [try] to reconcile the differences and agree upon a single bill .

On Aug. 22 the Congress failed in an attempt to override the government 's veto on legislation to restore the automatic indexation of wages to the current inflation rate .
on aug. 22 the congress failed in an [try] to override the government 's veto on legislation to restore the automatic indexation of wages to the current inflation rate .

Matters came to a head when Bhutto 's attempt to recommend changes in the tenure and promotion of senior officers was seen as a move to create `` extra-institutional loyalties `` .
matters came to a head when bhutto 's [try] to recommend changes in the tenure and promotion of senior officers was seen as a move to create `` extra-institutional loyalties `` .

The reshuffle was widely seen as an attempt to deflect allegations of corruption .
the reshuffle was widely seen as an [try] to deflect allegations of corruption .

Arrest of South Korean radicals accused of plotting coup attempt
arrest of south korean radicals accused of plotting coup [try]

The explosions followed an announcement by Col. Gregorio `` Gringo `` Honasan , a fugitive since leading a 1987 coup attempt [ see pp .
the explosions followed an announcement by col. gregorio `` gringo `` honasan , a fugitive since leading a 1987 coup [try] [ see pp .

The campaign , together with the circulation of increased rebel propaganda within the armed forces , intensified rumours that a fresh coup attempt was about to be launched against the government of President Corazon Aquino .
the campaign , together with the circulation of increased rebel propaganda within the armed forces , intensified rumours that a fresh coup [try] was about to be launched against the government of president corazon aquino .

Although she refused to declare a state of emergency , loyal forces were placed on full alert and , at the government 's request , the House of Representatives approved legislation which made participation in a coup attempt a specific crime punishable with up to life imprisonment .
although she refused to declare a state of emergency , loyal forces were placed on full alert and , at the government 's request , the house of representatives approved legislation which made participation in a coup [try] a specific crime punishable with up to life imprisonment .

Violent and chaotic scenes occurred as thousands of people became involved in a desperate attempt to register .
violent and chaotic scenes occurred as thousands of people became involved in a desperate [try] to register .

In August 1989 , at the start of the 1989-90 season , the government introduced an identity-card system for supporters in an attempt to curb violence , but this was abandoned shortly afterwards when fans refused to comply and local authorities declared that they could not enforce it .
in august 1989 , at the start of the 1989-90 season , the government introduced an identity-card system for supporters in an [try] to curb violence , but this was abandoned shortly afterwards when fans refused to comply and local authorities declared that they could not enforce it .

On Sept. 19 Prince Sadruddin Aga Khan , appointed by Pérez de Cuéllar to take charge of humanitarian aid , abandoned an attempt to assess the humanitarian needs of foreign refugees in Iraq and Kuwait , having been denied entry to Iraq . )
on sept. 19 prince sadruddin aga khan , appointed by pérez de cuéllar to take charge of humanitarian aid , abandoned an [try] to assess the humanitarian needs of foreign refugees in iraq and kuwait , having been denied entry to iraq . )

De Klerk promised `` strong and comprehensive `` action , while Mandela claimed that right-wing extremists were fuelling the trouble in an attempt to disrupt the reform process . ``
de klerk promised `` strong and comprehensive `` action , while mandela claimed that right-wing extremists were fuelling the trouble in an [try] to disrupt the reform process . ``

Several senior government appointees were retired from the armed forces on Sept. 5 , in the context of a major restructuring of the military which had been anticipated since the April coup attempt , and in line with the policy of transition from military to civilian rule .
several senior government appointees were retired from the armed forces on sept. 5 , in the context of a major restructuring of the military which had been anticipated since the april coup [try] , and in line with the policy of transition from military to civilian rule .

On Sept. 13 a further 27 executions took place of soldiers convicted , after a retrial by a special military court , for their involvement in the April 22 coup attempt .
on sept. 13 a further 27 executions took place of soldiers convicted , after a retrial by a special military court , for their involvement in the april 22 coup [try] .

Coup attempt
coup [try]

On July 11 a police corporal was shot dead during an unsuccessful attempt by 100 provincial police to storm the barricade ; some reports claimed that he had been killed in cross-fire .
on july 11 a police corporal was shot dead during an unsuccessful [try] by 100 provincial police to storm the barricade ; some reports claimed that he had been killed in cross-fire .

The move was seen as an immediate attempt by Roh to mollify vociferous criticism of the government 's anti-flood measures by those in the affected areas .
the move was seen as an immediate [try] by roh to mollify vociferous criticism of the government 's anti-flood measures by those in the affected areas .

The meeting immediately elected Moore , an instinctive populist and one of the few member of the Cabinet with genuinely working class credentials , to lead the party and to attempt to restore those areas of traditional Labour support eroded by Rogernomics .
the meeting immediately elected moore , an instinctive populist and one of the few member of the cabinet with genuinely working class credentials , to lead the party and to [try] to restore those areas of traditional labour support eroded by rogernomics .

An attempt by the Romanian authorities to place controls on imports of Hungarian books provoked a strong protest from Budapest .
an [try] by the romanian authorities to place controls on imports of hungarian books provoked a strong protest from budapest .

Despite an attempt by the Romanian government to defuse the language problem in Transylvanian schools by the appointment of an ethnic Hungarian , Attila Palfalvi , to the post of Deputy Education Minister , local communities `` seized `` their own schools .
despite an [try] by the romanian government to defuse the language problem in transylvanian schools by the appointment of an ethnic hungarian , attila palfalvi , to the post of deputy education minister , local communities `` seized `` their own schools .

An attempt by the Hungarian emigré organization , Transylvanian Magyar World Federation , to organize a cross-border demonstration was widely condemned in both countries and did not materialize .
an [try] by the hungarian emigré organization , transylvanian magyar world federation , to organize a cross-border demonstration was widely condemned in both countries and did not materialize .

In what was widely seen as an attempt to give its efforts to improve relations with other countries greater domestic and international credibility , the Albanian government hosted a visit to Tirana by the Secretary-General of the United Nations , Javier Pérez de Cuéllar , on May 11-13 , when held talks with Alia and other senior officials and also visited other parts of the country .
in what was widely seen as an [try] to give its efforts to improve relations with other countries greater domestic and international credibility , the albanian government hosted a visit to tirana by the secretary-general of the united nations , javier pérez de cuéllar , on may 11-13 , when held talks with alia and other senior officials and also visited other parts of the country .

The shekel was devalued by 6 per cent against a basket of currencies on March 1 , 1990 , in an attempt to boost the economy and curb inflation .
the shekel was devalued by 6 per cent against a basket of currencies on march 1 , 1990 , in an [try] to boost the economy and curb inflation .

The Jordanian Central Bank governor , Mohammad Said Nabulsi , announced on June 13 , 1989 , that they would be placed into liquidation in an attempt to cut heavy currency speculation .
the jordanian central bank governor , mohammad said nabulsi , announced on june 13 , 1989 , that they would be placed into liquidation in an [try] to cut heavy currency speculation .

The move was seen as an attempt to strengthen the government 's anti-corruption campaign .
the move was seen as an [try] to strengthen the government 's anti-corruption campaign .

Once Shamir had rejected this invitation , Peres entered into intensive negotiations in an attempt to achieve a majority .
once shamir had rejected this invitation , peres entered into intensive negotiations in an [try] to achieve a majority .

Meanwhile , in an attempt to reduce the impact of these cuts , price reductions were announced on March 9 on beef , rice and petrol , and water and electricity tariffs were also reduced .
meanwhile , in an [try] to reduce the impact of these cuts , price reductions were announced on march 9 on beef , rice and petrol , and water and electricity tariffs were also reduced .

Failed coup attempt
failed coup [try]

President Najibullah survived a coup attempt launched by his Defence Minister , Lt.-Gen. Shahnawaz Tanay , in early March .
president najibullah survived a coup [try] launched by his defence minister , lt.-gen. shahnawaz tanay , in early march .

The coup attempt constituted the severest test faced by Najibullah 's regime since the Soviet military withdrawal in February 1989 [ see pp .
the coup [try] constituted the severest test faced by najibullah 's regime since the soviet military withdrawal in february 1989 [ see pp .

Details of coup attempt
details of coup [try]

Both Watanjar and Patkin were leading Khalqis , a detail that was stressed by the government in an attempt to play down divisions within the party .
both watanjar and patkin were leading khalqis , a detail that was stressed by the government in an [try] to play down divisions within the party .

One group dismissed the Prime Minister 's offer as an attempt to co-opt him into the ruling Chart Thai party and thus disarm his independent political ambitions .
one group dismissed the prime minister 's offer as an [try] to co-opt him into the ruling chart thai party and thus disarm his independent political ambitions .

Although the talks had been called at short notice in an attempt to reduce bilateral tensions , particularly in the light of recent failures in official negotiations , they were felt by press observers to have produced only ambiguous results .
although the talks had been called at short notice in an [try] to reduce bilateral tensions , particularly in the light of recent failures in official negotiations , they were felt by press observers to have produced only ambiguous results .

Aguinaldo was in January suspended for 60 days for supporting the December 1989 coup attempt by rebel troops [ see pp .
aguinaldo was in january suspended for 60 days for supporting the december 1989 coup [try] by rebel troops [ see pp .

On March 14 he used the police radio network in the capital in an attempt to mobilize the `` disciplined forces `` against the government .
on march 14 he used the police radio network in the capital in an [try] to mobilize the `` disciplined forces `` against the government .

They were accused of complicity in an attempt to overthrow the Tadjik government at the height of the unrest [ see p. 37256 ] .
they were accused of complicity in an [try] to overthrow the tadjik government at the height of the unrest [ see p. 37256 ] .

Following the crushing of pro-democracy demonstrations in June 1989 [ see pp. 36720-22 ] , the party launched in July yet another anti-corruption drive in an attempt to counter increasing public resentment [ see p. 36815 ] .
following the crushing of pro-democracy demonstrations in june 1989 [ see pp. 36720-22 ] , the party launched in july yet another anti-corruption drive in an [try] to counter increasing public resentment [ see p. 36815 ] .

The killings were seen as an attempt by Sikh extremists to disrupt the ongoing general election campaign .
the killings were seen as an [try] by sikh extremists to disrupt the ongoing general election campaign .

Reports suggested that Lekhanya might have successfully forestalled a coup attempt — Radio Lesotho reported that a large cache of arms had been found at the home of Lt.-Col. Sekhobe Letsie .
reports suggested that lekhanya might have successfully forestalled a coup [try] — radio lesotho reported that a large cache of arms had been found at the home of lt.-col. sekhobe letsie .

The government responded forcefully on Feb. 25 to prevent a second attempt by the movement to take its campaign on to the streets .
the government responded forcefully on feb. 25 to prevent a second [try] by the movement to take its campaign on to the streets .

The charges against Enrile arose from the abortive coup attempt of December 1989 , the most serious military insurrection Aquino to date .
the charges against enrile arose from the abortive coup [try] of december 1989 , the most serious military insurrection aquino to date .

One of the leaders of the coup attempt was believed to have been the renegade colonel , Gregorio `` Gringo `` Honasan , a close associate of Enrile , whom the Senator was accused of having harboured in his home on the day before the coup attempt .
one of the leaders of the coup [try] was believed to have been the renegade colonel , gregorio `` gringo `` honasan , a close associate of enrile , whom the senator was accused of having harboured in his home on the day before the coup [try] .

The action followed widespread rumours in late January of a planned coup attempt by StB members with the help of hardline elements in the Army ; the authorities on Jan. 26 reinforced the police force with Interior Ministry troops , while denying the coup rumours .
the action followed widespread rumours in late january of a planned coup [try] by stb members with the help of hardline elements in the army ; the authorities on jan. 26 reinforced the police force with interior ministry troops , while denying the coup rumours .

Outbreak of violence in Dushanbe — Alleged coup attempt against Tadjik government
outbreak of violence in dushanbe — alleged coup [try] against tadjik government

In what appeared to be an attempt to play down the affair , President Hashemi Ali Akbar Rafsanjani , widely regarded as a `` moderate `` , commented in a sermon on Feb. 16 that `` if the West deal with the issue logically , the result will be that the Imam 's sentence will be regarded as an issue of Islamic expertise , not anything else `` .
in what appeared to be an [try] to play down the affair , president hashemi ali akbar rafsanjani , widely regarded as a `` moderate `` , commented in a sermon on feb. 16 that `` if the west deal with the issue logically , the result will be that the imam 's sentence will be regarded as an issue of islamic expertise , not anything else `` .

Admitting that the security forces were involved in a recent wave of kidnappings and murders of students , he said that his government did not have the means to combat the activities which had taken place over the past few months , aimed at creating a climate of terror and instability in order to justify an attempt to return to the past or the installation of a president who would promise a tough policy .
admitting that the security forces were involved in a recent wave of kidnappings and murders of students , he said that his government did not have the means to combat the activities which had taken place over the past few months , aimed at creating a climate of terror and instability in order to justify an [try] to return to the past or the installation of a president who would promise a tough policy .

In November two former Army officers , Adolfo Padilla and Gustavo Díaz , were sentenced by a civilian court to seven years ' imprisonment each for participation in a failed coup attempt on May 9 , 1989 [ see p. 36653-54 ] .
in november two former army officers , adolfo padilla and gustavo díaz , were sentenced by a civilian court to seven years ' imprisonment each for participation in a failed coup [try] on may 9 , 1989 [ see p. 36653-54 ] .

Both had been dismissed from the Army for involvement in a previous attempt in May 1988 .
both had been dismissed from the army for involvement in a previous [try] in may 1988 .

It was acknowledged that some of the party 's previous policies had been potentially divisive , and the review was widely seen as both an attempt to attract new voters and as a means of attracting potential coalition partners from among the opposition parties .
it was acknowledged that some of the party 's previous policies had been potentially divisive , and the review was widely seen as both an [try] to attract new voters and as a means of attracting potential coalition partners from among the opposition parties .

Observers noted , however , that after the seventh party plenum , the government had stepped up its efforts to rein in the country 's increasingly outspoken journalists , especially after a conference of writers in October defied the party 's attempt to dictate proceedings and demanded more democracy in the country [ see p. 37123 for approval of a new restrictive press law at the sixth session of the eighth National Assembly in late December 1989 ] .
observers noted , however , that after the seventh party plenum , the government had stepped up its efforts to rein in the country 's increasingly outspoken journalists , especially after a conference of writers in october defied the party 's [try] to dictate proceedings and demanded more democracy in the country [ see p. 37123 for approval of a new restrictive press law at the sixth session of the eighth national assembly in late december 1989 ] .

An attempt by a Danish shipping company to export a 430-tonne consignment of Italian and Belgian zinc oxide industrial waste to the Brazilian port of Santos in July 1989 failed when the cargo ship containing the waste was refused permission to dock .
an [try] by a danish shipping company to export a 430-tonne consignment of italian and belgian zinc oxide industrial waste to the brazilian port of santos in july 1989 failed when the cargo ship containing the waste was refused permission to dock .

The dogmatic attempt to hand on religious faith through education is very much alive within religions other than Christianity also .
the dogmatic [try] to hand on religious faith through education is very much alive within religions other than christianity also .

The attempt to be fair to all traditions , by being equally tolerant of all and non-judgemental , can lead like a slippery slope from well-intentioned neutrality to profound scepticism about religion .
the [try] to be fair to all traditions , by being equally tolerant of all and non-judgemental , can lead like a slippery slope from well-intentioned neutrality to profound scepticism about religion .

For any attempt to define what is meant by spiritual is easily killed in infancy by pointing out how ridiculous such an attempt is : the spiritual automatically transcends all possible categories and definitions .
for any [try] to define what is meant by spiritual is easily killed in infancy by pointing out how ridiculous such an [try] is : the spiritual automatically transcends all possible categories and definitions .

To delay the attempt to begin to understand religion in these ways is to risk making it very difficult for people ever to understand .
to delay the [try] to begin to understand religion in these ways is to risk making it very difficult for people ever to understand .

The Fellows of Magdalen College , Oxford , refused James 's attempt to foist a Catholic President on them in March 1687 ( electing one of their own fellows instead , whom James immediately deposed ) , and when they subsequently refused to accept James 's nomination of Samuel Parker , Bishop of Oxford , the Commission for Ecclesiastical Causes was used to deprive twenty-five of them of their fellowships .
the fellows of magdalen college , oxford , refused james 's [try] to foist a catholic president on them in march 1687 ( electing one of their own fellows instead , whom james immediately deposed ) , and when they subsequently refused to accept james 's nomination of samuel parker , bishop of oxford , the commission for ecclesiastical causes was used to deprive twenty-five of them of their fellowships .

During the crisis which preceded the Civil War , an attempt had been made to tie the Crown to regular Parliaments with the Triennial Act of 1641 , but this Act had been repealed in 1664 and it was not until 1694 that an Act guaranteeing triennial Parliaments was passed .
during the crisis which preceded the civil war , an [try] had been made to tie the crown to regular parliaments with the triennial act of 1641 , but this act had been repealed in 1664 and it was not until 1694 that an act guaranteeing triennial parliaments was passed .

Three unsuccessful bills against occasional conformity were introduced during the early years of Anne 's reign , culminating in the famous attempt in 1704 to tack the third bill on to a Land Tax Bill .
three unsuccessful bills against occasional conformity were introduced during the early years of anne 's reign , culminating in the famous [try] in 1704 to tack the third bill on to a land tax bill .

William 's suspension of habeas corpus in the early years of the war , his use of the royal veto , and his attempt to retain a standing army in peacetime after the Treaty of Ryswick in 1697 , further aroused Country suspicions about the strength of the executive .
william 's suspension of habeas corpus in the early years of the war , his use of the royal veto , and his [try] to retain a standing army in peacetime after the treaty of ryswick in 1697 , further aroused country suspicions about the strength of the executive .

Pressures for a particular settlement in the Church , in other words , emerged from within society before the establishment of the new regime ; the eventual religious settlement worked out did not so much create the religious problem but rather was an attempt to deal with a religious problem that already existed , although in doing so the government inevitably created new religious tensions in the process .
pressures for a particular settlement in the church , in other words , emerged from within society before the establishment of the new regime ; the eventual religious settlement worked out did not so much create the religious problem but rather was an [try] to deal with a religious problem that already existed , although in doing so the government inevitably created new religious tensions in the process .

The depth of animosity between Churchmen and Dissenters is most famously illustrated by the passions unleashed by the Whig ministry 's attempt to impeach Dr Henry Sacheverell for his provocative attack on Whigs and Nonconformists in 1709 .
the depth of animosity between churchmen and dissenters is most famously illustrated by the passions unleashed by the whig ministry 's [try] to impeach dr henry sacheverell for his provocative attack on whigs and nonconformists in 1709 .

The Election of 1705 , for example , which occurred shortly after the unsuccessful attempt to tack the Occasional Conformity Bill to the Land Tax Bill , was fought largely over the issue of the Church in Danger , and produced a series of bitter contests throughout the country .
the election of 1705 , for example , which occurred shortly after the unsuccessful [try] to tack the occasional conformity bill to the land tax bill , was fought largely over the issue of the church in danger , and produced a series of bitter contests throughout the country .

The attempt to build a broad Jacobite alliance of disaffected Whigs and Tories around Country principles met with some degree of success in the early 1690s .
the [try] to build a broad jacobite alliance of disaffected whigs and tories around country principles met with some degree of success in the early 1690s .

William 's attempt to achieve a pacification of the Highlands turned into a disastrous tragedy , when the dreadful massacre at Glencoe was carried out in February 1692 because MacDonald of Glencoe accidentally missed the deadline imposed by the government for swearing the oath of allegiance to William by five days .
william 's [try] to achieve a pacification of the highlands turned into a disastrous tragedy , when the dreadful massacre at glencoe was carried out in february 1692 because macdonald of glencoe accidentally missed the deadline imposed by the government for swearing the oath of allegiance to william by five days .

However , Mar delayed in an attempt to raise more men , which allowed the British government time to build up concentrations of its own troops and collect reinforcements from its foreign allies .
however , mar delayed in an [try] to raise more men , which allowed the british government time to build up concentrations of its own troops and collect reinforcements from its foreign allies .

In the following year they passed the Septennial Act , which extended the life of Parliament ( including the present one elected under the terms of the Triennial Act ) to seven years , a deliberate attempt to shield themselves from the electorate .
in the following year they passed the septennial act , which extended the life of parliament ( including the present one elected under the terms of the triennial act ) to seven years , a deliberate [try] to shield themselves from the electorate .

As with most things in drama , there are many questions which slip between categories , but the attempt to define types of questions is useful if it helps us see more clearly what we are doing and what we could be doing .
as with most things in drama , there are many questions which slip between categories , but the [try] to define types of questions is useful if it helps us see more clearly what we are doing and what we could be doing .

What this tells us is not that we should not attempt serious drama work with them , but that we need to give particularly careful thought in our planning to the appropriateness of the material .
what this tells us is not that we should not [try] serious drama work with them , but that we need to give particularly careful thought in our planning to the appropriateness of the material .

There were some who could never bring themselves to attempt to take a dispassionate look at the reasons why American policy-makers ( and above all Eisenhower ) should have acted as they did .
there were some who could never bring themselves to [try] to take a dispassionate look at the reasons why american policy-makers ( and above all eisenhower ) should have acted as they did .

Nor was Macmillan always happy with American responses during the renewed tension in Europe in 1958 – 59 as Khrushchev set deadlines and trumpeted warnings in his attempt to frighten the West into acceptance of a German peace treaty and a change in the status of West Berlin .
nor was macmillan always happy with american responses during the renewed tension in europe in 1958 – 59 as khrushchev set deadlines and trumpeted warnings in his [try] to frighten the west into acceptance of a german peace treaty and a change in the status of west berlin .

Callaghan also found the Americans sympathetic ( in contrast to the Europeans ) to Labour 's attempt to ease the 1964 balance of payments crisis with a temporary 15 per cent import surcharge .
callaghan also found the americans sympathetic ( in contrast to the europeans ) to labour 's [try] to ease the 1964 balance of payments crisis with a temporary 15 per cent import surcharge .

The London embassy made its own attempt at crystal-gazing on 26 May 1966 .
the london embassy made its own [try] at crystal-gazing on 26 may 1966 .

His successor but one , Wallia , made an attempt to lead his people across to Africa , but failed , and instead came to terms with the Roman leader Constantius , for whom he campaigned against the Vandals and Alans in Spain .
his successor but one , wallia , made an [try] to lead his people across to africa , but failed , and instead came to terms with the roman leader constantius , for whom he campaigned against the vandals and alans in spain .

Doubtless they represent a thorough-going attempt to adopt the sort of Roman style envisaged by Fortunatus , and they presumably drew an admiring response from some of the more backward-looking members of the Gallo-Roman aristocracy .
doubtless they represent a thorough-going [try] to adopt the sort of roman style envisaged by fortunatus , and they presumably drew an admiring response from some of the more backward-looking members of the gallo-roman aristocracy .

Book Seven enhances the impression of a century of civil war , but again allowance must be made for the fact that this one book covers scarcely more than twelve months of 584/5 , and that it is concerned largely with the attempt by the `` pretender `` Gundovald to establish his claim to the Frankish throne .
book seven enhances the impression of a century of civil war , but again allowance must be made for the fact that this one book covers scarcely more than twelve months of 584/5 , and that it is concerned largely with the [try] by the `` pretender `` gundovald to establish his claim to the frankish throne .

After an abortive attempt to force Shamil into the open in 1845 , Vorontsov combined a policy of gradually strangling the rebellious highlanders with an approach to civil administration which allowed natives a little room for manoeuvre .
after an abortive [try] to force shamil into the open in 1845 , vorontsov combined a policy of gradually strangling the rebellious highlanders with an approach to civil administration which allowed natives a little room for manoeuvre .

When , in 1839 , the Sultan made a disastrous attempt to recoup his losses of 1833 , all the Great Powers saw the need for keeping the new conflict within bounds .
when , in 1839 , the sultan made a disastrous [try] to recoup his losses of 1833 , all the great powers saw the need for keeping the new conflict within bounds .

Prussia 's attempt in 1850 to capitalize on Austrian weakness and turn herself into the pre-eminent power in Germany came to nothing when the Austrians made plain that they had recovered their nerve and were prepared to go to war on the matter .
prussia 's [try] in 1850 to capitalize on austrian weakness and turn herself into the pre-eminent power in germany came to nothing when the austrians made plain that they had recovered their nerve and were prepared to go to war on the matter .

With the professors ' backing , disaffected St Petersburg students tried to set up a `` free university `` at the beginning of 1862 , but they gave up the attempt after a month when the government arrested a professor for lecturing in a supposedly provocative manner on the upcoming national millennium .
with the professors ' backing , disaffected st petersburg students tried to set up a `` free university `` at the beginning of 1862 , but they gave up the [try] after a month when the government arrested a professor for lecturing in a supposedly provocative manner on the upcoming national millennium .

The following sections focus more closely on market structure and trends in profitability , before an attempt is made to interpret behaviour in the light of the theory of industrial economics .
the following sections focus more closely on market structure and trends in profitability , before an [try] is made to interpret behaviour in the light of the theory of industrial economics .

Such analysis by some firms obliges others to gather similar information to protect themselves , or attempt to enter the market .
such analysis by some firms obliges others to gather similar information to protect themselves , or [try] to enter the market .

Evidence of the difficulties experienced in trying to combine the demands of active life with those of inner quietness can be found in the request for help answered by Walter Hilton in his Mixed Life and by the courageous attempt of Margery Kempe to live out her faith .
evidence of the difficulties experienced in trying to combine the demands of active life with those of inner quietness can be found in the request for help answered by walter hilton in his mixed life and by the courageous [try] of margery kempe to live out her faith .

Richard Rolle 's at times flamboyant attempt to arrive at a form of living which would express his compulsive and impulsive drive towards personal realisation of the love of God , brought the circumstances of his life into prominence .
richard rolle 's at times flamboyant [try] to arrive at a form of living which would express his compulsive and impulsive drive towards personal realisation of the love of god , brought the circumstances of his life into prominence .

The unitary , all embracing , concept of man which is postulated by such expressions as `` Anthropology is the science of man `` is really a by-product of the post-Cartesian attempt to objectify everything in the world , to view human relationships as commodities , to see everything as quantifiable and predictable and governed by simple laws of cause and effect .
the unitary , all embracing , concept of man which is postulated by such expressions as `` anthropology is the science of man `` is really a by-product of the post-cartesian [try] to objectify everything in the world , to view human relationships as commodities , to see everything as quantifiable and predictable and governed by simple laws of cause and effect .

In addition other purchasers , not wishing to miss a golden opportunity because they can not react quickly will attempt to insist that the seller grants them exclusive negotiating rights for a reasonable period of , for example , six weeks during which they should be able to agree a deal ; a so called lock out agreement .
in addition other purchasers , not wishing to miss a golden opportunity because they can not react quickly will [try] to insist that the seller grants them exclusive negotiating rights for a reasonable period of , for example , six weeks during which they should be able to agree a deal ; a so called lock out agreement .

Often value to one side can be given without significant loss to the other , who may then attempt to gain on other points .
often value to one side can be given without significant loss to the other , who may then [try] to gain on other points .

The subject of confidentiality will be high in your prospective client 's mind ; you must attempt to persuade him that it is a common concern and we are experts at dealing with such issues including when and how to inform other directors and staff .
the subject of confidentiality will be high in your prospective client 's mind ; you must [try] to persuade him that it is a common concern and we are experts at dealing with such issues including when and how to inform other directors and staff .

It is normal to select one preferred bidder and to attempt to keep a second or third bidder on hold in case the first bidder should withdraw .
it is normal to select one preferred bidder and to [try] to keep a second or third bidder on hold in case the first bidder should withdraw .

These Guidelines attempt to :
these guidelines [try] to :

( These are sometimes specifically described by category and amount in an attempt to avoid arguments as to what is material ) .
( these are sometimes specifically described by category and amount in an [try] to avoid arguments as to what is material ) .

It is key to the coordination role that redrafting is kept under control ; it is all too tempting for the various parties to attempt to improve the wording and suggest further amendment without adding material value .
it is key to the coordination role that redrafting is kept under control ; it is all too tempting for the various parties to [try] to improve the wording and suggest further amendment without adding material value .

In continental Europe , the paucity of reliable financial and other information may make if impracticable to attempt this .
in continental europe , the paucity of reliable financial and other information may make if impracticable to [try] this .

While we shall be responsible for the preparation of the memorandum on your behalf , you should appreciate that we will not attempt to verify its factual accuracy .
while we shall be responsible for the preparation of the memorandum on your behalf , you should appreciate that we will not [try] to verify its factual accuracy .

Whilst we shall be responsible for the preparation of the memorandum , you should appreciate that we will not attempt to verify its contents .
whilst we shall be responsible for the preparation of the memorandum , you should appreciate that we will not [try] to verify its contents .

We shall attempt to introduce into the timetable a period of up to a week in which to consider indicative offers and possibly commence negotiations with a preferred bidder .
we shall [try] to introduce into the timetable a period of up to a week in which to consider indicative offers and possibly commence negotiations with a preferred bidder .

He had set double guards to prevent any such attempt .
he had set double guards to prevent any such [try] .

As though he had suddenly realised that Curtis was bluffing him , frightening him into pleading for mercy in a pathetic attempt to humiliate him — or perhaps to force from him a confession of what the lieutenant claimed were his crimes against the whores he had exterminated .
as though he had suddenly realised that curtis was bluffing him , frightening him into pleading for mercy in a pathetic [try] to humiliate him — or perhaps to force from him a confession of what the lieutenant claimed were his crimes against the whores he had exterminated .

This was the code telling Springfield that Grant was about to attempt to take out the basement Control Room .
this was the code telling springfield that grant was about to [try] to take out the basement control room .

Despite Brett 's attempt to prevent it , the firebombs had been detonated .
despite brett 's [try] to prevent it , the firebombs had been detonated .

Off to either side , the pumps continued to play their hissing jets into the rooms within the limits of the hungry flames , in an attempt to delay their spread .
off to either side , the pumps continued to play their hissing jets into the rooms within the limits of the hungry flames , in an [try] to delay their spread .

After a few minutes , someone broke the silence in an attempt to offer a glimmer of hope .
after a few minutes , someone broke the silence in an [try] to offer a glimmer of hope .

When the two truckers gave up their cursory attempt to find him and rejoined their companions , he advanced to the edge of the clearing to keep them under observation .
when the two truckers gave up their cursory [try] to find him and rejoined their companions , he advanced to the edge of the clearing to keep them under observation .

It would appear , however , that for the moment , the Qualifying School will remain in Spain , so ambitious South African golfers will need to write for invitations to European events , become affiliated members and attempt to win sufficient money from seven events to earn a full member 's place on the Tour .
it would appear , however , that for the moment , the qualifying school will remain in spain , so ambitious south african golfers will need to write for invitations to european events , become affiliated members and [try] to win sufficient money from seven events to earn a full member 's place on the tour .

This has been aimed at producing a joint-work which will attempt to describe and analyse the significant achievements of these twin sectors of the Japanese economy .
this has been aimed at producing a joint-work which will [try] to describe and analyse the significant achievements of these twin sectors of the japanese economy .

In addition the changing patterns of employment of personnel involved in this area of drug company activity will be examined and an attempt will be made to weigh the medical benefits of the availability of cocaine and its derivatives against the problems caused by abuse of these agents .
in addition the changing patterns of employment of personnel involved in this area of drug company activity will be examined and an [try] will be made to weigh the medical benefits of the availability of cocaine and its derivatives against the problems caused by abuse of these agents .

The primary focus of research is on the records generated by the enforcement in the late fourteenth century of the labour laws , the earliest attempt at national wage regulation .
the primary focus of research is on the records generated by the enforcement in the late fourteenth century of the labour laws , the earliest [try] at national wage regulation .

The attempt to minimise industrial conflict has been a goal of public policy in Britain at least since the last century when the Conciliation Act of 1896 was passed .
the [try] to minimise industrial conflict has been a goal of public policy in britain at least since the last century when the conciliation act of 1896 was passed .

There has been very little attempt to produce an adequate framework for monitoring and evaluating such initiatives .
there has been very little [try] to produce an adequate framework for monitoring and evaluating such initiatives .

Most West European governments now attempt to assist and promote technical innovation , particularly in the field of microelectronics and computers , as for example in the Alvey Programme .
most west european governments now [try] to assist and promote technical innovation , particularly in the field of microelectronics and computers , as for example in the alvey programme .

Policies which encouraged this dispersal , such as new town and overspill policies , were recently reversed in an attempt to regenerate the local economies of urban areas .
policies which encouraged this dispersal , such as new town and overspill policies , were recently reversed in an [try] to regenerate the local economies of urban areas .

The ecological survey will attempt to identify the relative conservation value of different pieces of land using standard techniques such as plant species diversity .
the ecological survey will [try] to identify the relative conservation value of different pieces of land using standard techniques such as plant species diversity .

This project will attempt to fill this gap in knowledge .
this project will [try] to fill this gap in knowledge .

Local authorities have recently intervened in the small firm sector in an attempt to stimulate growth of employment opportunities and the local economy .
local authorities have recently intervened in the small firm sector in an [try] to stimulate growth of employment opportunities and the local economy .

Finally , there may be costs incurred by would-be developers who attempt to produce capital gains by getting planning permission .
finally , there may be costs incurred by would-be developers who [try] to produce capital gains by getting planning permission .

This project will attempt to document how debt crises occurred and how they were handled in specific countries since the early eighties .
this project will [try] to document how debt crises occurred and how they were handled in specific countries since the early eighties .

The major objective will be to monitor these innovations and to attempt to evaluate their effects .
the major objective will be to monitor these innovations and to [try] to evaluate their effects .

Tied in with this , the Centre is carrying out work funded by the DoE to monitor and evaluate trends in housing management in both local authorities and housing associations in an attempt to assess the cost-effectiveness of management practices and identify ‘ good practice ’ .
tied in with this , the centre is carrying out work funded by the doe to monitor and evaluate trends in housing management in both local authorities and housing associations in an [try] to assess the cost-effectiveness of management practices and identify ‘ good practice ’ .

The research to be undertaken will attempt to remedy this deficiency .
the research to be undertaken will [try] to remedy this deficiency .

It is important to examine the uneven nature of these pressures and attempt to predict the prospects for different localities in the context of an evaluation of the potential effectiveness of alternative means of regulating change .
it is important to examine the uneven nature of these pressures and [try] to predict the prospects for different localities in the context of an evaluation of the potential effectiveness of alternative means of regulating change .

Finally , after much preliminary research , the Group intends to attempt a disaggregation of employment , population and labour supply between geographical areas ( the six conurbations , major free-standing cities and more rural areas ) .
finally , after much preliminary research , the group intends to [try] a disaggregation of employment , population and labour supply between geographical areas ( the six conurbations , major free-standing cities and more rural areas ) .

Now several alternative notations are available , and no attempt to evaluate all of them has yet been made .
now several alternative notations are available , and no [try] to evaluate all of them has yet been made .

Projected changes in the type and nature of work available in the economy render urgent both the investigation of occupational choices made by young people , and the attempt to influence these choices in a direction related to the realities of the changing occupational structure .
projected changes in the type and nature of work available in the economy render urgent both the investigation of occupational choices made by young people , and the [try] to influence these choices in a direction related to the realities of the changing occupational structure .

Finally , the research will attempt to develop a theoretical framework for analysing the racialisation of urban politics that could be used to understand the process of urban political change in other cities .
finally , the research will [try] to develop a theoretical framework for analysing the racialisation of urban politics that could be used to understand the process of urban political change in other cities .

Finally , the study will attempt to find out what television audiences make of some of the programmes they watch , such as the news or crime drama series .
finally , the study will [try] to find out what television audiences make of some of the programmes they watch , such as the news or crime drama series .

There has recently been a sharp rise of interest in artificial intelligence — very broadly the attempt to write computer programs to work at a human level of intelligence and performance in such tasks as identifying and recognising objects in cluttered environments , understanding ordinary human languages such as English , or diagnosing what is wrong in cases of human illness or machine failure .
there has recently been a sharp rise of interest in artificial intelligence — very broadly the [try] to write computer programs to work at a human level of intelligence and performance in such tasks as identifying and recognising objects in cluttered environments , understanding ordinary human languages such as english , or diagnosing what is wrong in cases of human illness or machine failure .

There is a growing recognition that an effective response to crime and crime prevention must reach beyond the conventional boundaries of the criminal justice system , and there have already been a number of practical initiatives which either attempt to draw upon the wider resources of the community , or which rely upon what is usually known at the ‘ inter-agency ’ or ‘ multi-agency ’ approach .
there is a growing recognition that an effective response to crime and crime prevention must reach beyond the conventional boundaries of the criminal justice system , and there have already been a number of practical initiatives which either [try] to draw upon the wider resources of the community , or which rely upon what is usually known at the ‘ inter-agency ’ or ‘ multi-agency ’ approach .

On the basis of interviews with samples of prisoners and staff , and of observations , an attempt is made to show : what the prison system is like ; why it is like it is ; whether it makes sense to those who experience it ; and whether there are alternative ways of reconciling security and control with humane containment .
on the basis of interviews with samples of prisoners and staff , and of observations , an [try] is made to show : what the prison system is like ; why it is like it is ; whether it makes sense to those who experience it ; and whether there are alternative ways of reconciling security and control with humane containment .

It will investigate how such children do attempt to communicate , and the problems that this creates for parents .
it will investigate how such children do [try] to communicate , and the problems that this creates for parents .

a focus on both statutory and non-statutory social services in selected localities in an attempt to explore part of what Rhodes calls ‘ Community autonomy ’ , rather than merely his notion of ‘ local discretion ’ ;
a focus on both statutory and non-statutory social services in selected localities in an [try] to explore part of what rhodes calls ‘ community autonomy ’ , rather than merely his notion of ‘ local discretion ’ ;

This attempt is being fully charted with a view to furthering the methodological debate which surrounds this aspect of data production and analysis .
this [try] is being fully charted with a view to furthering the methodological debate which surrounds this aspect of data production and analysis .

It asks how far the jobless attempt to maintain traditional roles , whether by legal or illegal means , and looks at the different sources of pressure and aid found in this village .
it asks how far the jobless [try] to maintain traditional roles , whether by legal or illegal means , and looks at the different sources of pressure and aid found in this village .

An attempt is also being made to standardise textures and symbols where possible .
an [try] is also being made to standardise textures and symbols where possible .

Yet there has been no systematic attempt to examine the current nature of teacher education , the notions of professionalism implied by different approaches , the amount of school-based work they involve , or the particular competencies they seek to engender .
yet there has been no systematic [try] to examine the current nature of teacher education , the notions of professionalism implied by different approaches , the amount of school-based work they involve , or the particular competencies they seek to engender .

It is a significant attempt to use spatial policies to co-ordinate existing research development and future innovations and to facilitate them on the ground .
it is a significant [try] to use spatial policies to co-ordinate existing research development and future innovations and to facilitate them on the ground .

This project will attempt to show that when firms are experiencing this dynamic competition they will respond by augmenting their knowledge base .
this project will [try] to show that when firms are experiencing this dynamic competition they will respond by augmenting their knowledge base .

Doherty was aghast 12 months ago when he made his first attempt to win the title and lost heavily to the unfancied Fergal O'Brien but this year he was determined to wipe out that memory and win his third title in a matter of months .
doherty was aghast 12 months ago when he made his first [try] to win the title and lost heavily to the unfancied fergal o'brien but this year he was determined to wipe out that memory and win his third title in a matter of months .

Her theory is that baby has a healthy survival instinct and is unlikely to attempt anything really dangerous .
her theory is that baby has a healthy survival instinct and is unlikely to [try] anything really dangerous .

There was a rush by speculators to buy the true classics , subject them to extremely expensive rebuilds , and then to attempt to sell them for sky-high prices .
there was a rush by speculators to buy the true classics , subject them to extremely expensive rebuilds , and then to [try] to sell them for sky-high prices .

And now next Saturday at Parkhead , he will attempt to spearhead Rangers to yet more domestic glory .
and now next saturday at parkhead , he will [try] to spearhead rangers to yet more domestic glory .

Hastings converted from a long way out before John penalty attempt .
hastings converted from a long way out before john penalty [try] .

This tragi-comedy explores one man 's promising suicide attempt , and comprises an unholy alliance between Helen Trew , Richard Orr , musician Jules Maxwell and actor Peter Knight .
this tragi-comedy explores one man 's promising suicide [try] , and comprises an unholy alliance between helen trew , richard orr , musician jules maxwell and actor peter knight .

Downing Street sources made little attempt to choke off intense speculation among MPs that a limited Cabinet shake-up is still on the cards .
downing street sources made little [try] to choke off intense speculation among mps that a limited cabinet shake-up is still on the cards .

The highest summit in the world — accorded the status by British surveyors in the 1850s — Everest has been the crowning target for the world 's mountaineers since the first attempt to climb it in 1921 .
the highest summit in the world — accorded the status by british surveyors in the 1850s — everest has been the crowning target for the world 's mountaineers since the first [try] to climb it in 1921 .

This section should be an attempt to find a position which might be attained , albeit not without some difficulty , and neither only a slight improvement on the existing situation nor hopelessly out of reach .
this section should be an [try] to find a position which might be attained , albeit not without some difficulty , and neither only a slight improvement on the existing situation nor hopelessly out of reach .

In an attempt to reduce administration costs , in future we will only notify your drug control officials of positive test results .
in an [try] to reduce administration costs , in future we will only notify your drug control officials of positive test results .

There are still plenty of places available on both sets of courses and we have decided that , in an attempt to help governing bodies evaluate the courses , we can offer a free place on each course which still has to be held .
there are still plenty of places available on both sets of courses and we have decided that , in an [try] to help governing bodies evaluate the courses , we can offer a free place on each course which still has to be held .

Second , what has been the impact on the Civil Service of the new climate created by the attempt at tighter spending control ? Have civil servants and their Ministers accepted the new regime of cash limits , financial management and spending squeezes ? And third , how has the central system for planning and controlling spending in Whitehall changed as a consequence of the ‘ hard times ’ ? Have the innovations introduced since 1976 given the Treasury greater control ? How effective is the system ? What have been effects of the changes on the spending departments and their relationships with the Treasury ?
second , what has been the impact on the civil service of the new climate created by the [try] at tighter spending control ? have civil servants and their ministers accepted the new regime of cash limits , financial management and spending squeezes ? and third , how has the central system for planning and controlling spending in whitehall changed as a consequence of the ‘ hard times ’ ? have the innovations introduced since 1976 given the treasury greater control ? how effective is the system ? what have been effects of the changes on the spending departments and their relationships with the treasury ?

In the most recent attempt to reconstruct the European Community during 1981-1984 , the role of Altiero Spinelli has been monumental .
in the most recent [try] to reconstruct the european community during 1981-1984 , the role of altiero spinelli has been monumental .

How far do people take part in the affairs of their communities ? Do they vote ? Do they attempt to influence councillors or officials ? What is the background of those who do get involved ? How satisfied are they with their experiences ?
how far do people take part in the affairs of their communities ? do they vote ? do they [try] to influence councillors or officials ? what is the background of those who do get involved ? how satisfied are they with their experiences ?

These theories attempt to be neutral between rival conceptions of the good .
these theories [try] to be neutral between rival conceptions of the good .

The new development gains tax , introduced by the Finance Act , 1974 , represents the latest attempt to impose what might be considered as an adequate tax on gains which result from the to development or potential development value of land situated in the United in the Kingdom .
the new development gains tax , introduced by the finance act , 1974 , represents the latest [try] to impose what might be considered as an adequate tax on gains which result from the to development or potential development value of land situated in the united in the kingdom .

It is submitted , however , that this does not give the legal profession a dispensation to produce incomprehensible deeds and writings without making at least some attempt to frame the intentions in intelligible , if not elegant , English . It might not be a complete oversimplification to state that many of the profession 's difficulties with the lay public stem from the public 's basic incomprehension of what we write ; and yet is it not the particular beauty of the English language that the most appreciated and elegant words are in fact the simplest and most easily understood ?
it is submitted , however , that this does not give the legal profession a dispensation to produce incomprehensible deeds and writings without making at least some [try] to frame the intentions in intelligible , if not elegant , english . it might not be a complete oversimplification to state that many of the profession 's difficulties with the lay public stem from the public 's basic incomprehension of what we write ; and yet is it not the particular beauty of the english language that the most appreciated and elegant words are in fact the simplest and most easily understood ?

Let us not pause to envisage , let alone to attempt to solve , what may be comprehended within that phrase of comforting generally , a ‘ service charge ’ .
let us not pause to envisage , let alone to [try] to solve , what may be comprehended within that phrase of comforting generally , a ‘ service charge ’ .

The makeshift bomb lobbed into an upstairs bedroom was packed with nuts , bolts and glass in an attempt to kill or maim anyone in the room .
the makeshift bomb lobbed into an upstairs bedroom was packed with nuts , bolts and glass in an [try] to kill or maim anyone in the room .

Eight months earlier he made an abortive attempt for the title , then held by the Frenchman Franck Nicotra , only to be stopped for the first time in his professional career .
eight months earlier he made an abortive [try] for the title , then held by the frenchman franck nicotra , only to be stopped for the first time in his professional career .

In the closing minutes of the half Collins threw himself in the way of yet another Coyle attempt after dropping Marty McCaffrey 's free kick to keep his goal intact at the interval .
in the closing minutes of the half collins threw himself in the way of yet another coyle [try] after dropping marty mccaffrey 's free kick to keep his goal intact at the interval .

Steven Clarke shot Portadown into the lead in the 44th minute , scoring at the second attempt after Maguire had parried his first shot .
steven clarke shot portadown into the lead in the 44th minute , scoring at the second [try] after maguire had parried his first shot .

Striker Jim Gardiner , who had been foiled of an opener in the 13th minute deflected for a corner by defender Ken Cairns , got well on target at his second clear attempt .
striker jim gardiner , who had been foiled of an opener in the 13th minute deflected for a corner by defender ken cairns , got well on target at his second clear [try] .

Crues ' centre back Barry Hunter had snuffed out Newry 's only worthwhile goal attempt early on when he blocked an effort by Gary Hughes who had been put through by the clever Ollie Ralph .
crues ' centre back barry hunter had snuffed out newry 's only worthwhile goal [try] early on when he blocked an effort by gary hughes who had been put through by the clever ollie ralph .

Mr Austin said it was an attempt to murder his family .
mr austin said it was an [try] to murder his family .

Sole contender to get over the 23rd fence at the first attempt in a huge pile-up in 1967 , the moderate , blinkered Foinavon held on to his unexpected lead all the way to the winning post , seven lonely fences later , to beat Honey End with Red Alligator , who won it next year , third .
sole contender to get over the 23rd fence at the first [try] in a huge pile-up in 1967 , the moderate , blinkered foinavon held on to his unexpected lead all the way to the winning post , seven lonely fences later , to beat honey end with red alligator , who won it next year , third .

Buckingham did not realise at first that he had been the only one to get over the 23rd fence at the first attempt .
buckingham did not realise at first that he had been the only one to get over the 23rd fence at the first [try] .

The conversion was from the left and well to the left , but kicker Missimo Bonomi waited until the charging Irish seven were almost on top of him before sending a high , curling attempt just wide of the posts .
the conversion was from the left and well to the left , but kicker missimo bonomi waited until the charging irish seven were almost on top of him before sending a high , curling [try] just wide of the posts .

Additions are therefore difficult to manage , and there has been no attempt to keep the collection up-to-date .
additions are therefore difficult to manage , and there has been no [try] to keep the collection up-to-date .

Additions are therefore difficult to manage , and there has been no attempt to keep the collection up-to-date .
additions are therefore difficult to manage , and there has been no [try] to keep the collection up-to-date .

It is no longer enough to make a simple count of publications ; some attempt must be made to look at the informational content ( bibliographies ) , peer group assessment ( citations ) , and long-term value to the academic community ( review articles ) .
it is no longer enough to make a simple count of publications ; some [try] must be made to look at the informational content ( bibliographies ) , peer group assessment ( citations ) , and long-term value to the academic community ( review articles ) .

The following tables attempt to show correlations between the researcher 's university and the journal which first publishes his or her research .
the following tables [try] to show correlations between the researcher 's university and the journal which first publishes his or her research .

In an attempt to overcome these limitations a new technique of waveform detection , based on the variation of phase inductance with rotor position , has been proposed ( Kill and Acarnley , 1984 ) .
in an [try] to overcome these limitations a new technique of waveform detection , based on the variation of phase inductance with rotor position , has been proposed ( kill and acarnley , 1984 ) .

Ali sees in this attempt by Hacihasanzade to induce Kemalpasazade to accept a kadilik an example of a means whereby he was able to maintain himself in the office of kazasker ( first in that of Anadolu and then in that of Rumeli ) for twenty-five years .
ali sees in this [try] by hacihasanzade to induce kemalpasazade to accept a kadilik an example of a means whereby he was able to maintain himself in the office of kazasker ( first in that of anadolu and then in that of rumeli ) for twenty-five years .

It is difficult to assess , in the period under review , whether the Ottomans made any systematic attempt to ensure the presence of muftis in the various cities and towns of the empire .
it is difficult to assess , in the period under review , whether the ottomans made any systematic [try] to ensure the presence of muftis in the various cities and towns of the empire .

Why they came into existence , whether those about which one has information represent the now-visible signs of a systematic attempt by the Ottomans to provide in the provinces muftis of a high standard , appointed by the central government , or whether , on the other hand , they came into existence in a more haphazard way , more by individual than by systematic `` governmental `` initiative , is difficult to say .
why they came into existence , whether those about which one has information represent the now-visible signs of a systematic [try] by the ottomans to provide in the provinces muftis of a high standard , appointed by the central government , or whether , on the other hand , they came into existence in a more haphazard way , more by individual than by systematic `` governmental `` initiative , is difficult to say .

No systematic attempt is made at this point to resolve the many doubts about the details of Hocazade 's career , particularly the dates of his various appointments , since his career impinges on those of a number of Muftis and the conflicts are more appropriately discussed in detail where they arise in these contexts .
no systematic [try] is made at this point to resolve the many doubts about the details of hocazade 's career , particularly the dates of his various appointments , since his career impinges on those of a number of muftis and the conflicts are more appropriately discussed in detail where they arise in these contexts .

It is , perhaps , possible that the office was created in an attempt to impose some organization on the traditionally unorganized function of that the Mufti was one whose opinion was in some way considered superior to that of other muftis and who , perhaps , was responsible for the appointment of lesser muftis .
it is , perhaps , possible that the office was created in an [try] to impose some organization on the traditionally unorganized function of that the mufti was one whose opinion was in some way considered superior to that of other muftis and who , perhaps , was responsible for the appointment of lesser muftis .

There are , moreover , serious complications in the view taken by the later tradition , complications which clearly arise from an attempt to fit Abdulkerim in where he does not belong .
there are , moreover , serious complications in the view taken by the later tradition , complications which clearly arise from an [try] to fit abdulkerim in where he does not belong .

The view for which Katib Celebi 's list forms the basis thus differs , broadly , in two important respects from the traditional account based on Mustakimzade : first , on the question of the origins of the office , by naming Hizir Bey , in Istanbul , as the first Mufti and by implication denying the Muftiliks of Molla Fenari , Molla Yegan and Fahreddin Acemi ( though d'Ohsson does make some attempt , if an inaccurate and and unpersuasive one , to take account of the tradition of an earlier Muftilik ) ; and second , on the question of how and when Molla Husrev became Mufti , this question involving also the circumstances of the Muftiliks of Abdulkerim and Molla Arab .
the view for which katib celebi 's list forms the basis thus differs , broadly , in two important respects from the traditional account based on mustakimzade : first , on the question of the origins of the office , by naming hizir bey , in istanbul , as the first mufti and by implication denying the muftiliks of molla fenari , molla yegan and fahreddin acemi ( though d'ohsson does make some [try] , if an inaccurate and and unpersuasive one , to take account of the tradition of an earlier muftilik ) ; and second , on the question of how and when molla husrev became mufti , this question involving also the circumstances of the muftiliks of abdulkerim and molla arab .

The castle 's stunted squad of masons and builders were still working to repair the damage the old man had done by tearing down walls in his attempt to prove these hidden glyphs were isolated aberrations , not — as they indeed were — ubiquitous .
the castle 's stunted squad of masons and builders were still working to repair the damage the old man had done by tearing down walls in his [try] to prove these hidden glyphs were isolated aberrations , not — as they indeed were — ubiquitous .

This was their first game , their first attempt to answer the question .
this was their first game , their first [try] to answer the question .

`` Quiss she began quietly , He shook his head , kicked the small chair he had been sitting on , and marched off across the squeaking , grating glass floor , heading for his own apartments , Before he left the games room for the short corridor which led to his rooms , he stopped by the side wall of the room , where more conventional paper and cardboard books lined the slate fabric of the castle — the masons ' lame attempt at insulation .
`` quiss she began quietly , he shook his head , kicked the small chair he had been sitting on , and marched off across the squeaking , grating glass floor , heading for his own apartments , before he left the games room for the short corridor which led to his rooms , he stopped by the side wall of the room , where more conventional paper and cardboard books lined the slate fabric of the castle — the masons ' lame [try] at insulation .

The great graben of the Vale of Severn and the Cheshire Basin may he thought of as an early ( prenationalist ) attempt at separating Wales from England .
the great graben of the vale of severn and the cheshire basin may he thought of as an early ( prenationalist ) [try] at separating wales from england .

The intention was to attempt to educate staff at an early stage in the benefits which could be obtained from a computerized system .
the intention was to [try] to educate staff at an early stage in the benefits which could be obtained from a computerized system .

Rather than attempt an exhaustive classification of all remaining types of software , two important classes will be considered , data management systems and application packages .
rather than [try] an exhaustive classification of all remaining types of software , two important classes will be considered , data management systems and application packages .

Another attempt to avoid the conclusion that there must have been a big bang , and therefore a beginning of time , was made by two Russian scientists , Evgenii Lifshitz and Isaac Khalatnikov , in 1963 .
another [try] to avoid the conclusion that there must have been a big bang , and therefore a beginning of time , was made by two russian scientists , evgenii lifshitz and isaac khalatnikov , in 1963 .

In an attempt to find a model of the universe in which many different initial configurations could have evolved to something like the present universe , a scientist at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology , Alan Guth , suggested that the early universe might have gone through a period of very rapid expansion .
in an [try] to find a model of the universe in which many different initial configurations could have evolved to something like the present universe , a scientist at the massachusetts institute of technology , alan guth , suggested that the early universe might have gone through a period of very rapid expansion .

The new inflationary model was a good attempt to explain why the universe is the way it is .
the new inflationary model was a good [try] to explain why the universe is the way it is .

It was originally invented in the late 1960s in an attempt to find a theory to describe the strong force .
it was originally invented in the late 1960s in an [try] to find a theory to describe the strong force .

Each attempt failed due to the mental and physical inadequacies of its perpetrator .
each [try] failed due to the mental and physical inadequacies of its perpetrator .

He pulled at the starting device , a coil of plastic-covered wire that snapped obediently back into position after each attempt to engage the engine .
he pulled at the starting device , a coil of plastic-covered wire that snapped obediently back into position after each [try] to engage the engine .

You 're trying on a black-mail attempt .
you 're trying on a black-mail [try] .

And grew frenzied enough , more than once , to attempt to take her , a half-rape , half-seduction , to which she appeared to submit and then , at the last moment , eluded him ; leaving him more famished and furious and consumed by passion than ever .
and grew frenzied enough , more than once , to [try] to take her , a half-rape , half-seduction , to which she appeared to submit and then , at the last moment , eluded him ; leaving him more famished and furious and consumed by passion than ever .

It was seen as a `` literal attempt to apply the Christian ethic to industrial civilisation `` .
it was seen as a `` literal [try] to apply the christian ethic to industrial civilisation `` .

‘ The fact that my boat was used in this smuggling attempt is going to take some living down .
‘ the fact that my boat was used in this smuggling [try] is going to take some living down .

’ he demanded , cutting across her attempt to explain .
’ he demanded , cutting across her [try] to explain .

His admission that his distance and antipathy had , in reality , been a vain attempt to fight his attraction to her had totally unnerved her .
his admission that his distance and antipathy had , in reality , been a vain [try] to fight his attraction to her had totally unnerved her .

Polly recognised Nathan 's insistence on her learning how to navigate as an attempt to keep the lid on a situation which was escalating rapidly out of control .
polly recognised nathan 's insistence on her learning how to navigate as an [try] to keep the lid on a situation which was escalating rapidly out of control .

He had made no attempt to kiss her again — in fact , he seemed deliberately to avoid getting too close to her at all . But occasionally , when her guard slipped and she allowed her eyes to meet his , she saw in his gaze the mingled hostility and desire which reflected all too accurately her own conflicting emotions
he had made no [try] to kiss her again — in fact , he seemed deliberately to avoid getting too close to her at all . but occasionally , when her guard slipped and she allowed her eyes to meet his , she saw in his gaze the mingled hostility and desire which reflected all too accurately her own conflicting emotions

An attempt has been made to identify a similar system in Britain , comprising the sequence of five intermediate stations which lie along Watling Street between Towcester and Wroxeter , at Red Hill , Penkridge , Wall , Mancetter and Cave 's Inn .
an [try] has been made to identify a similar system in britain , comprising the sequence of five intermediate stations which lie along watling street between towcester and wroxeter , at red hill , penkridge , wall , mancetter and cave 's inn .

This makes it difficult to define the precise level of services available in individual cases , but it does not prevent an attempt at drawing some general conclusions about the economic role of small towns .
this makes it difficult to define the precise level of services available in individual cases , but it does not prevent an [try] at drawing some general conclusions about the economic role of small towns .

Unlike Water Newton , no attempt was made to link these streets and lanes along the inner edge of the defences .
unlike water newton , no [try] was made to link these streets and lanes along the inner edge of the defences .

An attempt has been made by Nightingale to show that Rochester was the centre from which an area of land to the north had been centuriated on the regular basis of 20 by 20 actus squares .
an [try] has been made by nightingale to show that rochester was the centre from which an area of land to the north had been centuriated on the regular basis of 20 by 20 actus squares .

Bacon and Eltis ( 1978 ) attempt to give substance to this view .
bacon and eltis ( 1978 ) [try] to give substance to this view .

Both types of institution acquired other institutions such as estate agents in the late 1980s in an attempt to capture the market for home loans by offering additional services .
both types of institution acquired other institutions such as estate agents in the late 1980s in an [try] to capture the market for home loans by offering additional services .

Occasionally , albeit rarely , steps taken by the plaintiff in an attempt to minimise his loss result in fact in increasing it .
occasionally , albeit rarely , steps taken by the plaintiff in an [try] to minimise his loss result in fact in increasing it .

The government thereby gave up the attempt to impose a solution and admitted that the people of Northern Ireland must be given an opportunity to work out for themselves how they should be governed .
the government thereby gave up the [try] to impose a solution and admitted that the people of northern ireland must be given an opportunity to work out for themselves how they should be governed .

The coalition had regard to-the- mechanics of the single transferable vote and made some attempt to match the number of candidates nominated with the support which those candidates might expect to attract in each constituency .
the coalition had regard to-the- mechanics of the single transferable vote and made some [try] to match the number of candidates nominated with the support which those candidates might expect to attract in each constituency .

More than 40 charities , voluntary organisations , church and consumer groups will gather on Wednesday , February 3 , at Westminster to support The Law Society 's last-ditch attempt to persuade the Government to change its mind about cutting legal aid eligibility .
more than 40 charities , voluntary organisations , church and consumer groups will gather on wednesday , february 3 , at westminster to support the law society 's last-ditch [try] to persuade the government to change its mind about cutting legal aid eligibility .

The Society sees this as the best protection against the exclusion of some firms from franchising and against any attempt to force them to tender for legal aid work on the basis of price .
the society sees this as the best protection against the exclusion of some firms from franchising and against any [try] to force them to tender for legal aid work on the basis of price .

Never the less , it is a basic principle of English law that a person is innocent until proven guilty and should not be required to attempt to prove their innocence by having to explain their actions .
never the less , it is a basic principle of english law that a person is innocent until proven guilty and should not be required to [try] to prove their innocence by having to explain their actions .

’ His glance denigrated her feeble attempt at humour .
’ his glance denigrated her feeble [try] at humour .

’ In an attempt to soften her abruptness , Merrill stopped to point .
’ in an [try] to soften her abruptness , merrill stopped to point .

So her attempt to deflect this topic of conversation had failed .
so her [try] to deflect this topic of conversation had failed .

Wolfenstein is so addictive you will probably attempt to play it to a conclusion by staying up all night .
wolfenstein is so addictive you will probably [try] to play it to a conclusion by staying up all night .

Wolfenstein is so addictive you will probably attempt to play it to a conclusion by staying up all night .
wolfenstein is so addictive you will probably [try] to play it to a conclusion by staying up all night .

At this stage you will notice that no attempt has been made to count the words as it was not possible to use the macro record facility for this operation .
at this stage you will notice that no [try] has been made to count the words as it was not possible to use the macro record facility for this operation .

These ‘ polymorphic ’ software viruses actually re-encrypt themselves every time they execute in an attempt to avoid recognition .
these ‘ polymorphic ’ software viruses actually re-encrypt themselves every time they execute in an [try] to avoid recognition .

The use of the ‘ Fax Box and Jargon Box ’ is good and the general attempt to imitate the Windows desktop is a good idea but would work much better if less cluttered .
the use of the ‘ fax box and jargon box ’ is good and the general [try] to imitate the windows desktop is a good idea but would work much better if less cluttered .

If you are using a full 24 bit colour photo-retouching or vector graphics drawing program on a system which can only display 16 or 256 colours Windows will attempt to represent all the screen colours required .
if you are using a full 24 bit colour photo-retouching or vector graphics drawing program on a system which can only display 16 or 256 colours windows will [try] to represent all the screen colours required .

The 7 to 11's is a valiant attempt with a heavier emphasis on ‘ education ’ but this age group is more console and arcade game orientated — it may not have the ‘ pace ’ to keep the users interest , without considerable parental encouragement — ten minutes of console for every half hour of Fun School 4 ?
the 7 to 11's is a valiant [try] with a heavier emphasis on ‘ education ’ but this age group is more console and arcade game orientated — it may not have the ‘ pace ’ to keep the users interest , without considerable parental encouragement — ten minutes of console for every half hour of fun school 4 ?

‘ You would n't want pussy on the table , as Sister Dew might say , ’ said Mark , making a feeble attempt to remove her .
‘ you would n't want pussy on the table , as sister dew might say , ’ said mark , making a feeble [try] to remove her .

It would have been easy to drive without headlights , though she did n't attempt it .
it would have been easy to drive without headlights , though she did n't [try] it .

She was determined not to lose her temper , at least until she 'd got to the bottom of the riddle , but his apparent attempt at playing God with her life infuriated her .
she was determined not to lose her temper , at least until she 'd got to the bottom of the riddle , but his apparent [try] at playing god with her life infuriated her .

But it seemed even that could do little more than dull the edges of the pain , and , when she woke up one morning with a painful hangover and realised the ache in her heart was just as strong as it had ever been , she swore she 'd never again attempt to deal with her sorrows that way .
but it seemed even that could do little more than dull the edges of the pain , and , when she woke up one morning with a painful hangover and realised the ache in her heart was just as strong as it had ever been , she swore she 'd never again [try] to deal with her sorrows that way .

’ Even to her own ears her attempt at a laugh sounded shaky .
’ even to her own ears her [try] at a laugh sounded shaky .

’ His head dipped towards her , and she braced herself for another of his harsh , punishing kisses , knowing any attempt at escape would be a complete waste of time .
’ his head dipped towards her , and she braced herself for another of his harsh , punishing kisses , knowing any [try] at escape would be a complete waste of time .

‘ There , ’ she said , making a deliberate attempt to keep her expression bland . ‘ How 's that ? ’
‘ there , ’ she said , making a deliberate [try] to keep her expression bland . ‘ how 's that ? ’

That was undoubtedly a legacy of her childhood , she thought resignedly — a throw-back to the days when she and her mother had been forced to hold their heads high and attempt to ignore the pointing fingers .
that was undoubtedly a legacy of her childhood , she thought resignedly — a throw-back to the days when she and her mother had been forced to hold their heads high and [try] to ignore the pointing fingers .

She winced , wondering just what game he was playing now . She knew only too well that his bed probably would n't be empty ; was he so desperately in need of fresh conquests that he would attempt to seduce Shae while Marianne kicked her heels downstairs , awaiting her turn ?
she winced , wondering just what game he was playing now . she knew only too well that his bed probably would n't be empty ; was he so desperately in need of fresh conquests that he would [try] to seduce shae while marianne kicked her heels downstairs , awaiting her turn ?

‘ How dare you ? ’ she cried . ‘ How dare you push your way in here and attempt to force me … ? ’
‘ how dare you ? ’ she cried . ‘ how dare you push your way in here and [try] to force me … ? ’

‘ Since you 're a very beautiful woman ; we can immediately rule out the possibility that that no one 's ever been sufficiently attracted to you that they would attempt to storm your female bastions — which leaves another couple of options .
‘ since you 're a very beautiful woman ; we can immediately rule out the possibility that that no one 's ever been sufficiently attracted to you that they would [try] to storm your female bastions — which leaves another couple of options .

Her eyes filled with tears , but she made no attempt to blink them away , too caught up in an internal struggle which she knew could determine her life forever after .
her eyes filled with tears , but she made no [try] to blink them away , too caught up in an internal struggle which she knew could determine her life forever after .

She surveyed his long-limbed body with an attempt at cool detachment , her gaze flickering over the dark denims that moulded his strong thighs , and the jade sweater that clung to his hard male chest .
she surveyed his long-limbed body with an [try] at cool detachment , her gaze flickering over the dark denims that moulded his strong thighs , and the jade sweater that clung to his hard male chest .

Reading a dark and devilish intent in his grim expression , she made a sudden frantic attempt to twist free from his grasp ; but she was too late .
reading a dark and devilish intent in his grim expression , she made a sudden frantic [try] to twist free from his grasp ; but she was too late .

Ymor 's ravens were notoriously loyal to their master , to the extent that Withel 's one attempt to promote himself to the rank of greatest thief in Ankh-Morpork had cost their master 's right hand man his left eye .
ymor 's ravens were notoriously loyal to their master , to the extent that withel 's one [try] to promote himself to the rank of greatest thief in ankh-morpork had cost their master 's right hand man his left eye .

Until Margaret 's frantic visit four days earlier she 'd resolved to apply herself assiduously to her job in an attempt to exorcise Marcus Pritchard from her memory entirely , and Denmark had meant nothing to her except as a dark finger of land on a map pointing upwards into the North Sea .
until margaret 's frantic visit four days earlier she 'd resolved to apply herself assiduously to her job in an [try] to exorcise marcus pritchard from her memory entirely , and denmark had meant nothing to her except as a dark finger of land on a map pointing upwards into the north sea .

Not an easy tongue to master at such short notice , but she had always felt it was a basic courtesy for a tourist to make some attempt , however feeble , to communicate in the tongue of the host country .
not an easy tongue to master at such short notice , but she had always felt it was a basic courtesy for a tourist to make some [try] , however feeble , to communicate in the tongue of the host country .

’ He made no attempt to hide his displeasure .
’ he made no [try] to hide his displeasure .

‘ Your nephew ? Svend is your nephew ? ’ Gina made no attempt to disguise her amazement . ‘ But you told me — ’
‘ your nephew ? svend is your nephew ? ’ gina made no [try] to disguise her amazement . ‘ but you told me — ’

She had no doubt that he had deliberately misunderstood her unfortunate phraseology in an attempt to embarrass her .
she had no doubt that he had deliberately misunderstood her unfortunate phraseology in an [try] to embarrass her .

Ignoring the edge of sarcasm audible in his reply , and making no attempt to conceal her scepticism , she asked instead , ‘ You really believe Svend will get in touch with you if he receives the message ? ’
ignoring the edge of sarcasm audible in his reply , and making no [try] to conceal her scepticism , she asked instead , ‘ you really believe svend will get in touch with you if he receives the message ? ’

Gina gritted her teeth in an attempt to keep her temper under control .
gina gritted her teeth in an [try] to keep her temper under control .

’ She breathed a sigh of relief as he made no attempt to continue the discussion .
’ she breathed a sigh of relief as he made no [try] to continue the discussion .

‘ Since ten o'clock ? ’ She made no attempt to disguise the sarcasm that gave an added cadence to her voice .
‘ since ten o'clock ? ’ she made no [try] to disguise the sarcasm that gave an added cadence to her voice .

Writing pretty words in an attempt to persuade a gullible public to spend their money .
writing pretty words in an [try] to persuade a gullible public to spend their money .

The difference was that he accepted her attempt at consolation , taking her palm between both of his own hands , holding it gently and meeting her compassionate gaze with the glimmer of a smile .
the difference was that he accepted her [try] at consolation , taking her palm between both of his own hands , holding it gently and meeting her compassionate gaze with the glimmer of a smile .

’ She 'd meant her tone to be clipped and dismissive , but even to her own ears it sounded slurred and indistinct as she made a mental attempt to regain conscious control over the increased rhythm of her heart .
’ she 'd meant her tone to be clipped and dismissive , but even to her own ears it sounded slurred and indistinct as she made a mental [try] to regain conscious control over the increased rhythm of her heart .

‘ Rune … ’ She made one last feeble attempt to avoid the escalation of physical craving between them , knowing she had lost when she heard the unusual huskiness of her own voice , and saw Rune 's eyes darken in immediate response .
‘ rune … ’ she made one last feeble [try] to avoid the escalation of physical craving between them , knowing she had lost when she heard the unusual huskiness of her own voice , and saw rune 's eyes darken in immediate response .

’ Feeling Rune 's eyes on her , she turned enthusiastically towards him , making no attempt to hide her ingenuous pleasure .
’ feeling rune 's eyes on her , she turned enthusiastically towards him , making no [try] to hide her ingenuous pleasure .

He was reading her too well , despite her attempt to disguise her feelings .
he was reading her too well , despite her [try] to disguise her feelings .

As her body confirmed what he 'd already guessed she had neither the will nor wit to attempt to deny it any more .
as her body confirmed what he 'd already guessed she had neither the will nor wit to [try] to deny it any more .

’ Gina followed his instructions , as he strolled away towards the kitchen , delighted when she got the ringing tone at her first attempt .
’ gina followed his instructions , as he strolled away towards the kitchen , delighted when she got the ringing tone at her first [try] .

Why should she have hoped even for one split second that Rune would attempt to persuade her to change her mind — not that he would have succeeded ?
why should she have hoped even for one split second that rune would [try] to persuade her to change her mind — not that he would have succeeded ?

Cornelia Knight has been lifted out of the category of femininity in which woman is famed for her ‘ beauty ’ , itself an effect of class ( food , clothes , health ) and an attempt is being made , using the most canonised resources of western art to imag ( in ) e for us a combination of femininity and intellectuality .
cornelia knight has been lifted out of the category of femininity in which woman is famed for her ‘ beauty ’ , itself an effect of class ( food , clothes , health ) and an [try] is being made , using the most canonised resources of western art to imag ( in ) e for us a combination of femininity and intellectuality .

We have all experienced childhood , it therefore seems familiar , but do we necessarily understand this most transient of states or those images which attempt to capture its fragmentary differences ?
we have all experienced childhood , it therefore seems familiar , but do we necessarily understand this most transient of states or those images which [try] to capture its fragmentary differences ?

Just as we attempt to exert control over our children , physically and mentally from birth through to adolescence , so we suppress and as William Blake would have affirmed ) repress their spontaneity and imagination .
just as we [try] to exert control over our children , physically and mentally from birth through to adolescence , so we suppress and as william blake would have affirmed ) repress their spontaneity and imagination .

‘ Well now , Inspector , would you like to put us in the picture ? ’ The Bishop smiled encouragingly at Spruce in a kindly attempt to put the man at his ease .
‘ well now , inspector , would you like to put us in the picture ? ’ the bishop smiled encouragingly at spruce in a kindly [try] to put the man at his ease .

He made another attempt to lever the odd concrete fact from the slippery pair .
he made another [try] to lever the odd concrete fact from the slippery pair .

She 'd made one final attempt on the Archdeacon before departing .
she 'd made one final [try] on the archdeacon before departing .

There is a ‘ one attempt only ’ scenario , neither process can be repeated .
there is a ‘ one [try] only ’ scenario , neither process can be repeated .

She was sure he would be serious , although , Harold-like , he would attempt not to show it .
she was sure he would be serious , although , harold-like , he would [try] not to show it .

In fact , one of her students who was black showed a remarkable sympathy with Emily Dickinson , and had written a good essay on the short poem beginning , ‘ Drowning is not so pitiful/As the attempt to rise ’ .
in fact , one of her students who was black showed a remarkable sympathy with emily dickinson , and had written a good essay on the short poem beginning , ‘ drowning is not so pitiful/as the [try] to rise ’ .

And the modern art in my cellar areas is chiefly given over to the discovery of fresh talent and new Bristol artists , some of whom still attempt the famous perspectives of the Gorge and the Bridge .
and the modern art in my cellar areas is chiefly given over to the discovery of fresh talent and new bristol artists , some of whom still [try] the famous perspectives of the gorge and the bridge .

Summers does attempt to list his subject 's achievements ; it does not take him long .
summers does [try] to list his subject 's achievements ; it does not take him long .

What is striking about the Information Workstation Group 's efforts is that their actual study of multimedia is far better than their attempt to define it .
what is striking about the information workstation group 's efforts is that their actual study of multimedia is far better than their [try] to define it .

We will only touch on some of these sectors here and will certainly not attempt any detailed analysis .
we will only touch on some of these sectors here and will certainly not [try] any detailed analysis .

This third route , does not attempt to integrate analogue sources of images and sound within the digital environment .
this third route , does not [try] to integrate analogue sources of images and sound within the digital environment .

It would be impractical to attempt to review or catalogue them in this study and , although we will mention some specific products , we will confine this section mainly to illustrating general authoring issues .
it would be impractical to [try] to review or catalogue them in this study and , although we will mention some specific products , we will confine this section mainly to illustrating general authoring issues .

We can consider these problems and get a sense of how online multimedia might work in practice by looking at one of the first projects to attempt to offer multimedia online database services .
we can consider these problems and get a sense of how online multimedia might work in practice by looking at one of the first projects to [try] to offer multimedia online database services .

Kingdon 's ideas may seem like a recipe for environmental determinism , but the link drawn between a recent origin for humans and the fundamentally local nature of adaptation means that his book is also a powerful indictment of any attempt to rank human populations in terms of progress or to see the evolution of human races as anything other than short-term responses to particular problems .
kingdon 's ideas may seem like a recipe for environmental determinism , but the link drawn between a recent origin for humans and the fundamentally local nature of adaptation means that his book is also a powerful indictment of any [try] to rank human populations in terms of progress or to see the evolution of human races as anything other than short-term responses to particular problems .

This produces a distribution of chain conformations which differs significantly from the most probable distribution , and as this is an unstable state the chains will rapidly recoil when the stress is released in an attempt to regain their original shape distribution .
this produces a distribution of chain conformations which differs significantly from the most probable distribution , and as this is an unstable state the chains will rapidly recoil when the stress is released in an [try] to regain their original shape distribution .

In an attempt to gain a deeper understanding on a molecular level , Rouse , Zimm , Bueche , and others have attempted to formulate a theory of polymer viscoelasticity based on a chain model consisting of a series of sub-units .
in an [try] to gain a deeper understanding on a molecular level , rouse , zimm , bueche , and others have attempted to formulate a theory of polymer viscoelasticity based on a chain model consisting of a series of sub-units .

To attempt a solution to the problem of finding a set of possible locations for the electricity generating plant using manual methods would be extremely time-consuming and very costly .
to [try] a solution to the problem of finding a set of possible locations for the electricity generating plant using manual methods would be extremely time-consuming and very costly .

Everybody missed on the first attempt except Lambert , Church and Kimberly .
everybody missed on the first [try] except lambert , church and kimberly .

He found himself looking up the skirts of a girl dancing by , and he rolled across the floor in an attempt to keep up with her .
he found himself looking up the skirts of a girl dancing by , and he rolled across the floor in an [try] to keep up with her .

The major difference between levels is the time horizon , or distance ahead that the plans attempt to cover .
the major difference between levels is the time horizon , or distance ahead that the plans [try] to cover .

His father made no attempt to mend the wrecked shutters .
his father made no [try] to mend the wrecked shutters .

An attempt , therefore , by Siward to possess not only Lothian but a divided Alba itself .
an [try] , therefore , by siward to possess not only lothian but a divided alba itself .

Everything seems to have been built yesterday , and giant skyscrapers are sill shooting up from this little patch of land in an attempt to outdo the cities in America it resembles .
everything seems to have been built yesterday , and giant skyscrapers are sill shooting up from this little patch of land in an [try] to outdo the cities in america it resembles .

By July , the Germans had swept through Belgium , the Netherlands and France , and the Battle of Britain was under way , with the Luftwaffe flying across Kent and East Anglia in an attempt to reach London and other major cities .
by july , the germans had swept through belgium , the netherlands and france , and the battle of britain was under way , with the luftwaffe flying across kent and east anglia in an [try] to reach london and other major cities .

One sequence , filmed in Maidenhead , showed Crawford , dressed up in a fireman 's uniform , peddling furiously on a bike in an attempt to catch up with the engine .
one sequence , filmed in maidenhead , showed crawford , dressed up in a fireman 's uniform , peddling furiously on a bike in an [try] to catch up with the engine .

It was a brave undertaking for a young man of 18 to attempt to publish , illustrate , and distribute an expensive and novel zoological work alone .
it was a brave undertaking for a young man of 18 to [try] to publish , illustrate , and distribute an expensive and novel zoological work alone .

While others might attempt publications on the birds of Europe , or produce monographs based on species preserved in all the great collections , no one had the ability or the connections to tackle Australia .
while others might [try] publications on the birds of europe , or produce monographs based on species preserved in all the great collections , no one had the ability or the connections to tackle australia .

Gould , it appears from his own references , was too busy collecting specimens to engage in an attempt to reach a remote part of the river .
gould , it appears from his own references , was too busy collecting specimens to engage in an [try] to reach a remote part of the river .

Iraq 's attempt to give the Tehran government a quick bloody nose was only a partial success .
iraq 's [try] to give the tehran government a quick bloody nose was only a partial success .

[ the commission ] did not … attempt to demarcate a boundary but indicated a border strip some twenty to forty miles [ 30–60 km ] in width , somewhere inside which the frontier line was understood to lie , the two governments being left to settle the question by agreement or force as they pleased .
[ the commission ] did not … [try] to demarcate a boundary but indicated a border strip some twenty to forty miles [ 30–60 km ] in width , somewhere inside which the frontier line was understood to lie , the two governments being left to settle the question by agreement or force as they pleased .

The fact that it has been necessary so many times over the years to attempt interventions to halt conflict and define stretches of frontier invites an explanation .
the fact that it has been necessary so many times over the years to [try] interventions to halt conflict and define stretches of frontier invites an explanation .

The Constantinople Protocol of 1913 was an attempt by Britain and Russia to overcome the problem that had developed in 1911 .
the constantinople protocol of 1913 was an [try] by britain and russia to overcome the problem that had developed in 1911 .

an attempt to assassinate future Iraqi Foreign Minister Tareq Aziz in Baghdad ;
an [try] to assassinate future iraqi foreign minister tareq aziz in baghdad ;

His ‘ White Revolution ’ included the distribution to peasants of title-deeds for the land they worked ; a campaign to eradicate illiteracy ; and some experimentation with parliamentary-level political dialogue — at one stage an instant opposition party , later a single-party attempt to institutionalize his dream of nationwide support with distinct and opposed wings of opinion .
his ‘ white revolution ’ included the distribution to peasants of title-deeds for the land they worked ; a campaign to eradicate illiteracy ; and some experimentation with parliamentary-level political dialogue — at one stage an instant opposition party , later a single-party [try] to institutionalize his dream of nationwide support with distinct and opposed wings of opinion .

Part of the resistance took the form of urban terrorism with the murder of foreigners in Iran and an attempt in 1977 in France on the life of the Shah 's sister , Princess Ashraf .
part of the resistance took the form of urban terrorism with the murder of foreigners in iran and an [try] in 1977 in france on the life of the shah 's sister , princess ashraf .

One such attempt came to nothing during the Second World War , when a military coup mounted under the pro-Nazi Rashid Ali al-Gailani was defeated .
one such [try] came to nothing during the second world war , when a military coup mounted under the pro-nazi rashid ali al-gailani was defeated .

Then in 1970 a coup attempt by an army/police combination was followed by more executions and imprisonments .
then in 1970 a coup [try] by an army/police combination was followed by more executions and imprisonments .

In 1979 there were reports that a ministerial reshuffle had been accompanied by charges of a coup attempt fomented by a foreign power , culminating in a number of executions .
in 1979 there were reports that a ministerial reshuffle had been accompanied by charges of a coup [try] fomented by a foreign power , culminating in a number of executions .

Any attempt by an outside force to gain control of the Persian Gulf region will be regarded as an assault on the vital interests of the United States .
any [try] by an outside force to gain control of the persian gulf region will be regarded as an assault on the vital interests of the united states .

In addition , there was conceivably satisfaction that the war might divert Iran from any attempt to export its revolution southwards .
in addition , there was conceivably satisfaction that the war might divert iran from any [try] to export its revolution southwards .

One prime minister was assassinated by the Brothers ; they failed in an attempt on Nasser himself .
one prime minister was assassinated by the brothers ; they failed in an [try] on nasser himself .

An attempt was made from 1945 to 1946 with the inauguration in northwest Iran of a Kurdish republic centred on Mahabad , but after a brief existence it was suppressed and its president executed .
an [try] was made from 1945 to 1946 with the inauguration in northwest iran of a kurdish republic centred on mahabad , but after a brief existence it was suppressed and its president executed .

One dispatch from this front during an Iraqi attempt to recover the captured Majnun oilfield was headed ‘ Thunderstorm forces pause in Gulf war ’ .
one dispatch from this front during an iraqi [try] to recover the captured majnun oilfield was headed ‘ thunderstorm forces pause in gulf war ’ .

Then in September came Karbala No 2 , an Iranian attempt to recapture Jabal Kardmend , lost the previous May .
then in september came karbala no 2 , an iranian [try] to recapture jabal kardmend , lost the previous may .

Even President Saddam was reported in May 1987 to have survived an assassination attempt .
even president saddam was reported in may 1987 to have survived an assassination [try] .

Earlier that year , Saudi Arabia made a solo attempt to establish lines of communication with Iran through a visit to Tehran by Foreign Minister Prince Saud al-Faisal .
earlier that year , saudi arabia made a solo [try] to establish lines of communication with iran through a visit to tehran by foreign minister prince saud al-faisal .

Despite Hojjatoleslam Rafsanjani 's assurances that the object of Karbala No 5 was not Basrah , Iran had not quite abandoned all hope of taking it and made another attempt in April , again approaching by way of Fish Lake and claiming numerous Iraqi losses .
despite hojjatoleslam rafsanjani 's assurances that the object of karbala no 5 was not basrah , iran had not quite abandoned all hope of taking it and made another [try] in april , again approaching by way of fish lake and claiming numerous iraqi losses .

Second , an attempt was made to destroy Kuwait 's oil-production system , allowing crude oil to flow into the sea from the Ahmadi Sea Island terminal , also setting the wells on fire .
second , an [try] was made to destroy kuwait 's oil-production system , allowing crude oil to flow into the sea from the ahmadi sea island terminal , also setting the wells on fire .

Some people saw this as an attempt to force the Allies ’ hand , provoking a premature initiation of the expected ground offensive which might then plunge into the Iraqis ' prepared defence in depth .
some people saw this as an [try] to force the allies ’ hand , provoking a premature initiation of the expected ground offensive which might then plunge into the iraqis ' prepared defence in depth .

So far there has been no response of this sort ; it fell to Iraq 's minorities to make the attempt instead .
so far there has been no response of this sort ; it fell to iraq 's minorities to make the [try] instead .

Early in 1991 he called on Arabs and Muslims to persuade the Allies to declare a cease-fire ; in July he saw both Tareq Aziz and President Mubarak in an attempt to intercede ; and in the following month his efforts continued , in what was described as a ‘ last-ditch mediation effort ’ .
early in 1991 he called on arabs and muslims to persuade the allies to declare a cease-fire ; in july he saw both tareq aziz and president mubarak in an [try] to intercede ; and in the following month his efforts continued , in what was described as a ‘ last-ditch mediation effort ’ .

The aims of the work operated in different ways but principally they represented my attempt to set personal responses to premature labour into a cultural context .
the aims of the work operated in different ways but principally they represented my [try] to set personal responses to premature labour into a cultural context .

The work also voiced taboos and silenced areas in an attempt to make visible shared and common experiences , revealing their roots in the social and cultural rather than the personal .
the work also voiced taboos and silenced areas in an [try] to make visible shared and common experiences , revealing their roots in the social and cultural rather than the personal .

It settled even while building was in progress and the fourteenth century bellchamber was differently angled in an attempt to right the inclination .
it settled even while building was in progress and the fourteenth century bellchamber was differently angled in an [try] to right the inclination .

This is the second year that Guinness has been the chief sponsor of the event , following Murphy 's unsuccessful attempt to gain the right to the event back in 1992 .
this is the second year that guinness has been the chief sponsor of the event , following murphy 's unsuccessful [try] to gain the right to the event back in 1992 .

Robert gave up the attempt to eavesdrop .
robert gave up the [try] to eavesdrop .

They looked , from a distance , as if they might well be the remains of her first attempt at Islamic dress .
they looked , from a distance , as if they might well be the remains of her first [try] at islamic dress .

But if we do not take their most far-reaching claims too seriously , and if we attempt to combine their insights with those stemming from more conventional social science , we can develop a form of sociology which once more has the extensive scope of the early pioneering studies .
but if we do not take their most far-reaching claims too seriously , and if we [try] to combine their insights with those stemming from more conventional social science , we can develop a form of sociology which once more has the extensive scope of the early pioneering studies .

One of the most famous essays emerging from this attempt to give spatial significance to the Chicago School 's broader theme of self and society was Burgess 's ‘ The growth of the city : an introduction to a research project ’ . Here is its opening :
one of the most famous essays emerging from this [try] to give spatial significance to the chicago school 's broader theme of self and society was burgess 's ‘ the growth of the city : an introduction to a research project ’ . here is its opening :

They thus gave specific attention to the instinctive bases of human behaviour , this being much more than an attempt to make an analogy between the human world and the struggles for survival identified by Darwin in the natural world .
they thus gave specific attention to the instinctive bases of human behaviour , this being much more than an [try] to make an analogy between the human world and the struggles for survival identified by darwin in the natural world .

It was a genuine attempt to explore the innate bases of behaviour and their social implications , even if something of the confused Darwinian metaphor remained .
it was a genuine [try] to explore the innate bases of behaviour and their social implications , even if something of the confused darwinian metaphor remained .

This zone may well be the front zone where they attempt to gain the respect of other gang members .
this zone may well be the front zone where they [try] to gain the respect of other gang members .

The resulting effects , as people attempt to create their own personal and insulating space ( what Harré refers to as Umwelt ) are profound :
the resulting effects , as people [try] to create their own personal and insulating space ( what harré refers to as umwelt ) are profound :

Clearly , any attempt to understand the instinctive or biotic bases of human behaviour is fraught with immense complexities and difficulties .
clearly , any [try] to understand the instinctive or biotic bases of human behaviour is fraught with immense complexities and difficulties .

Furthermore , any attempt to promote the biological and instinctive bases of human behaviour at the expense of social relations and processes is surely doomed to failure .
furthermore , any [try] to promote the biological and instinctive bases of human behaviour at the expense of social relations and processes is surely doomed to failure .

Modifying Freud 's understanding of the human agent means first that he is trying to understand the attempt of human beings to place some order on to the natural and social world under conditions of ‘ time-space distantiation ’ .
modifying freud 's understanding of the human agent means first that he is trying to understand the [try] of human beings to place some order on to the natural and social world under conditions of ‘ time-space distantiation ’ .

The biotic and expressive orders help explain why people suffer from ontological insecurity , and why ( and how ) they attempt to create zones of relative autonomy .
the biotic and expressive orders help explain why people suffer from ontological insecurity , and why ( and how ) they [try] to create zones of relative autonomy .

The result is that little attention is given to people 's own experience and understandings of these processes and the fact that such understandings in turn lead to ways in which they attempt to improve their circumstances within the constraints and opportunities with which they are faced .
the result is that little attention is given to people 's own experience and understandings of these processes and the fact that such understandings in turn lead to ways in which they [try] to improve their circumstances within the constraints and opportunities with which they are faced .

Perhaps even more importantly , few of these authors in fact attempt to understand the implications of the expressive order ; how the classes and class-based processes which they emphasise are appreciated or acted on by the people concerned .
perhaps even more importantly , few of these authors in fact [try] to understand the implications of the expressive order ; how the classes and class-based processes which they emphasise are appreciated or acted on by the people concerned .

Company sick pay , canteens shared with managers and regular company-provided medical check-ups are all part of an attempt to make workers identify with their company .
company sick pay , canteens shared with managers and regular company-provided medical check-ups are all part of an [try] to make workers identify with their company .

Work , paradoxically enough for many small landowners and peasants , is actually an ‘ escape attempt ’ , a means of being independent from large-scale farms and other industrial enterprises .
work , paradoxically enough for many small landowners and peasants , is actually an ‘ escape [try] ’ , a means of being independent from large-scale farms and other industrial enterprises .

The implications are again that any analysis must attempt the difficult task of combining the kinds of analysis offered by sociology with those offered by psychology and biology .
the implications are again that any analysis must [try] the difficult task of combining the kinds of analysis offered by sociology with those offered by psychology and biology .

Another way of putting this is that the home is an ‘ escape attempt ’ : a sphere of autonomy to which people can retreat .
another way of putting this is that the home is an ‘ escape [try] ’ : a sphere of autonomy to which people can retreat .

The home as an escape attempt
the home as an escape [try]

On the one hand , national and supra-national states attempt to regulate social relations and the relations between individuals ( and such regulation leads to tensions and conflicts as classes and individuals try to reassert their personal and collective identities through local state institutions ) .
on the one hand , national and supra-national states [try] to regulate social relations and the relations between individuals ( and such regulation leads to tensions and conflicts as classes and individuals try to reassert their personal and collective identities through local state institutions ) .

Tensions between local and national ( or national and supra-national ) governments are the political expression of ontological insecurity and the attempt to gain a degree of self-determination .
tensions between local and national ( or national and supra-national ) governments are the political expression of ontological insecurity and the [try] to gain a degree of self-determination .

Any attempt to appreciate the political significance of uneven development must surely undertake the study of the complex interactions between different kinds of social relations in different localities .
any [try] to appreciate the political significance of uneven development must surely undertake the study of the complex interactions between different kinds of social relations in different localities .

The best way , then , to deal with the complaint that psychological-cum-biological theories of the state are too vague is to attempt a combination between these theories and those we reviewed at the beginning of this chapter .
the best way , then , to deal with the complaint that psychological-cum-biological theories of the state are too vague is to [try] a combination between these theories and those we reviewed at the beginning of this chapter .

In his attempt to establish that there is a form of discourse associated with politics which is relatively separate from economic change , Hall is seen as neglecting the ‘ structural underpinnings of Thatcherism ’ .
in his [try] to establish that there is a form of discourse associated with politics which is relatively separate from economic change , hall is seen as neglecting the ‘ structural underpinnings of thatcherism ’ .

Following preliminary interviews , the analysts will be able to construct models and attempt to find out in outline the information needs of the organisation .
following preliminary interviews , the analysts will be able to construct models and [try] to find out in outline the information needs of the organisation .

In practice , anyone trying to start such a definition would make some attempt to encompass one or more of the other viewpoints , but any one of these could be used as the starting point for the analysis of the requirements of an information system in a hospital .
in practice , anyone trying to start such a definition would make some [try] to encompass one or more of the other viewpoints , but any one of these could be used as the starting point for the analysis of the requirements of an information system in a hospital .

It is not only a difficult job to attempt to integrate these but also one that might have opposition from users who would prefer to keep to a successful , if limited , system .
it is not only a difficult job to [try] to integrate these but also one that might have opposition from users who would prefer to keep to a successful , if limited , system .

The functions of the organisation should therefore be kept in mind in data analysis , even though in principle data analysis should attempt to look at the organisation independent of any processes .
the functions of the organisation should therefore be kept in mind in data analysis , even though in principle data analysis should [try] to look at the organisation independent of any processes .

The analyst will attempt to name the fundamental things of interest to the organisation .
the analyst will [try] to name the fundamental things of interest to the organisation .

In drawing a data flow diagram , the analyst will start by drawing a ‘ doodle ’ attempt of the whole system , and a number of lower level ‘ doodles ’ .
in drawing a data flow diagram , the analyst will start by drawing a ‘ doodle ’ [try] of the whole system , and a number of lower level ‘ doodles ’ .

There was no attempt by either Salisbury or Kilmuir to use what one might call a prefect 's influence on the opinion of those they interviewed .
there was no [try] by either salisbury or kilmuir to use what one might call a prefect 's influence on the opinion of those they interviewed .

This point had some importance because , in Gaitskell 's absence in America , there was an attempt by Griffiths , the Deputy Leader , to object to the course which had been adopted .
this point had some importance because , in gaitskell 's absence in america , there was an [try] by griffiths , the deputy leader , to object to the course which had been adopted .

‘ This was evidently a great blow to him , ’ Chamberlain added . ‘ Had we replied in the affirmative , he would clearly have been prepared to make the attempt … ’
‘ this was evidently a great blow to him , ’ chamberlain added . ‘ had we replied in the affirmative , he would clearly have been prepared to make the [try] … ’

First it was agreed ( the meeting in this respect giving the impression of being a little behind events ) that Asquith should make no attempt to form a Government without Lloyd George and the Unionists .
first it was agreed ( the meeting in this respect giving the impression of being a little behind events ) that asquith should make no [try] to form a government without lloyd george and the unionists .

’ MacDonaid in a speech at Elgin in December voiced his ‘ suspicion that between now and January … there was going to be a serious attempt to wangle the Constitution so that the democracy of this country might not have fair play given to them ’ .
’ macdonaid in a speech at elgin in december voiced his ‘ suspicion that between now and january … there was going to be a serious [try] to wangle the constitution so that the democracy of this country might not have fair play given to them ’ .

The enthusiasm spread to the band , the drummer steadied him and the trumpet urged him to attempt and complete stances beyond his normal skills .
the enthusiasm spread to the band , the drummer steadied him and the trumpet urged him to [try] and complete stances beyond his normal skills .

‘ Attempt to blackmail an ex-Company man . ’
‘ [try] to blackmail an ex-company man . ’

Was there any way he could have traced her call or picked up background noise and was now rushing downtown in a wild attempt to snatch the film from her ?
was there any way he could have traced her call or picked up background noise and was now rushing downtown in a wild [try] to snatch the film from her ?

As we noted , Hanoverian wars had always , in the end , been financed by taxation ; the novelty of the French war years was the attempt to defray the greater part of their cost from present rather than deferred revenues .
as we noted , hanoverian wars had always , in the end , been financed by taxation ; the novelty of the french war years was the [try] to defray the greater part of their cost from present rather than deferred revenues .

Ernest fidgeted and looked about him , occasionally addressing remarks to his elder brother , which Victor made no noticeable attempt to answer .
ernest fidgeted and looked about him , occasionally addressing remarks to his elder brother , which victor made no noticeable [try] to answer .

She made no attempt to conceal her appealing expanse of breast .
she made no [try] to conceal her appealing expanse of breast .

On the other hand , do n't attempt to stop up every opening .
on the other hand , do n't [try] to stop up every opening .

’ Maggie looked straight back at him , making no attempt to smile ; after all , he had n't .
’ maggie looked straight back at him , making no [try] to smile ; after all , he had n't .

He wo n't attempt to punish you .
he wo n't [try] to punish you .

‘ Pray do not attempt to move me to pity by a tale of innocence and woe , Warren .
‘ pray do not [try] to move me to pity by a tale of innocence and woe , warren .

In Darcy 's Utopia each man will attempt to read the mind of God and not rely on others to do it for him .
in darcy 's utopia each man will [try] to read the mind of god and not rely on others to do it for him .

The ‘ Functional Approach ’ : There are fewer though more frequent harvests , with less replication and an attempt is made to fit a function to the data .
the ‘ functional approach ’ : there are fewer though more frequent harvests , with less replication and an [try] is made to fit a function to the data .

This measure is an attempt to overcome the deficiency of the relative growth rates discussed above .
this measure is an [try] to overcome the deficiency of the relative growth rates discussed above .

We shall attempt to apply and adapt them to a much shorter viewing distance , under controlled laboratory conditions .
we shall [try] to apply and adapt them to a much shorter viewing distance , under controlled laboratory conditions .

The authors also introduced the two main ways in which the propagation of radiation through leaves is modelled , the deterministic models in which the radiation flux is determined by means of differential equations , and the stochastic models which attempt to identify the probabilities of the various events in radiation transfer within the canopy .
the authors also introduced the two main ways in which the propagation of radiation through leaves is modelled , the deterministic models in which the radiation flux is determined by means of differential equations , and the stochastic models which [try] to identify the probabilities of the various events in radiation transfer within the canopy .

In the present study no attempt has been made to account for senescence , because the amount of dead material is small .
in the present study no [try] has been made to account for senescence , because the amount of dead material is small .

Some attempt was made to randomise the samples and to remove extraneous material such as tree leaves and necrotic material .
some [try] was made to randomise the samples and to remove extraneous material such as tree leaves and necrotic material .

Concentrate on the A-measure and attempt to establish its relationship with the true area , both for card and plant subjects .
concentrate on the a-measure and [try] to establish its relationship with the true area , both for card and plant subjects .

In another trial a systematic attempt was made to investigate the effect of proximity between subjects .
in another trial a systematic [try] was made to investigate the effect of proximity between subjects .

An attempt to determine the relationship was described in Chapter 4 , and it was found that the A-measure varies roughly linearly with the radiometer reading over a wide range of exposures .
an [try] to determine the relationship was described in chapter 4 , and it was found that the a-measure varies roughly linearly with the radiometer reading over a wide range of exposures .

‘ No , it 's not , actually , ’ she replied after a moment , and then added , with a spurt of defiance , in a swiftly acknowledged pathetic last-ditch attempt to salvage some pride , ‘ You see , the office is mine .
‘ no , it 's not , actually , ’ she replied after a moment , and then added , with a spurt of defiance , in a swiftly acknowledged pathetic last-ditch [try] to salvage some pride , ‘ you see , the office is mine .

It was n't until later , when Robyn heard Anne 's key in the lock , that she realised just how long she had been staring into space , miserably going over and over the disastrous weekend , in a futile attempt to try and put it all back into some sort of perspective .
it was n't until later , when robyn heard anne 's key in the lock , that she realised just how long she had been staring into space , miserably going over and over the disastrous weekend , in a futile [try] to try and put it all back into some sort of perspective .

’ She pushed against his arms in an attempt at escape , hating herself in that moment as much as him , for the way her body so easily betrayed her .
’ she pushed against his arms in an [try] at escape , hating herself in that moment as much as him , for the way her body so easily betrayed her .

Value judgements about equity , the fairness of the distribution of goods between people , have got mixed up with our attempt to make statements about waste or inefficiency .
value judgements about equity , the fairness of the distribution of goods between people , have got mixed up with our [try] to make statements about waste or inefficiency .

In yet other cases there has been little attempt to intervene .
in yet other cases there has been little [try] to intervene .

It is simply too expensive in resources to attempt to eliminate all risks of premature death , and in fact we do not do so .
it is simply too expensive in resources to [try] to eliminate all risks of premature death , and in fact we do not do so .

Economists frequently complain that such calculations reveal very different implicit marginal benefits across activities , which is unsurprising when those responsible for safety standards in building , motoring , medicine , and other areas make no attempt to reach a common view of the marginal social benefit from saving life .
economists frequently complain that such calculations reveal very different implicit marginal benefits across activities , which is unsurprising when those responsible for safety standards in building , motoring , medicine , and other areas make no [try] to reach a common view of the marginal social benefit from saving life .

They may also deliberately maintain extra production capacity so that potential entrants can see that any attempt at entry will be matched by a sharp increase in production by existing firms , forcing price reductions which in the short run will be unprofitable for all but which may bankrupt the entrant first .
they may also deliberately maintain extra production capacity so that potential entrants can see that any [try] at entry will be matched by a sharp increase in production by existing firms , forcing price reductions which in the short run will be unprofitable for all but which may bankrupt the entrant first .

Potential entrants are aware that any attempt at entry will be met with the launch of this new product , which will place the entrant at a disadvantage .
potential entrants are aware that any [try] at entry will be met with the launch of this new product , which will place the entrant at a disadvantage .

Only a few months ago , after this Lord Henry Percy had withdrawn to his other urgent command on the Scottish borders , Owen had run wild over most of North Wales , and made himself master of the counties of Carnarvon and Merioneth ; and while the woollier heads in King Henry 's council had seethed and talked bloody war , Hotspur had come swooping back to hold the balance so sturdily that he had been allowed , on the king 's warrant , to approach the Welsh prince , and attempt to bring him back to his allegiance , on promise of honourable terms .
only a few months ago , after this lord henry percy had withdrawn to his other urgent command on the scottish borders , owen had run wild over most of north wales , and made himself master of the counties of carnarvon and merioneth ; and while the woollier heads in king henry 's council had seethed and talked bloody war , hotspur had come swooping back to hold the balance so sturdily that he had been allowed , on the king 's warrant , to approach the welsh prince , and [try] to bring him back to his allegiance , on promise of honourable terms .

By this it will have come to your lordship 's ears what little success my attempt to put forward your terms for negotiation achieved in the council .
by this it will have come to your lordship 's ears what little success my [try] to put forward your terms for negotiation achieved in the council .

He made no attempt to touch Owen 's ancestral hold of Carrog , because he had no orders to do so .
he made no [try] to touch owen 's ancestral hold of carrog , because he had no orders to do so .

Some said there would be no more than a brief lull to refurbish and reprovision , and then another attempt ; others maintained that the troops would be paid off — if they were so lucky as to be paid !
some said there would be no more than a brief lull to refurbish and reprovision , and then another [try] ; others maintained that the troops would be paid off — if they were so lucky as to be paid !

And there was much in that , for the policy of these raiding parties was always to loot , never to attempt the towns or the castles if there was strong possibility of resistance .
and there was much in that , for the policy of these raiding parties was always to loot , never to [try] the towns or the castles if there was strong possibility of resistance .

If more than one attempt was required to guess the correct letter then the character is emboldened and the number of attempts shown as a subscript .
if more than one [try] was required to guess the correct letter then the character is emboldened and the number of attempts shown as a subscript .

Very few systems attempt to use any information beyond the level of word recognition .
very few systems [try] to use any information beyond the level of word recognition .

The construction of a generative grammar represents an attempt to formulate a system of rules for the formation of the sentences of a language .
the construction of a generative grammar represents an [try] to formulate a system of rules for the formation of the sentences of a language .

These consist solely of the ‘ pure ’ text , no attempt having been made to annotate the text .
these consist solely of the ‘ pure ’ text , no [try] having been made to annotate the text .

Her face alarmed , she held out her arm in a stupid attempt to ward him off .
her face alarmed , she held out her arm in a stupid [try] to ward him off .

Her attempt at sarcasm was wasted as she took in his grim expression . Good heavens , surely he was n't uptight because she had n't told him who she was this morning ?
her [try] at sarcasm was wasted as she took in his grim expression . good heavens , surely he was n't uptight because she had n't told him who she was this morning ?

With Dara once more clinging firmly and rather painfully to her arm she was walked back to the small , intimate table they had been sharing on the edge of the small dance-floor , but Ace was quickly on to his feet , side-stepping Dara 's attempt to greet him with a kiss .
with dara once more clinging firmly and rather painfully to her arm she was walked back to the small , intimate table they had been sharing on the edge of the small dance-floor , but ace was quickly on to his feet , side-stepping dara 's [try] to greet him with a kiss .

Jenna 's hands came to his chest in panic — a feeble attempt to push him away , to escape the contact with his mouth — but it was a useless exercise .
jenna 's hands came to his chest in panic — a feeble [try] to push him away , to escape the contact with his mouth — but it was a useless exercise .

At the moment she felt she would attempt to kill him .
at the moment she felt she would [try] to kill him .

There was also this feeling that any attempt to search into her father 's past would be disloyal to her mother .
there was also this feeling that any [try] to search into her father 's past would be disloyal to her mother .

After her third attempt she felt quite secure and rather smug .
after her third [try] she felt quite secure and rather smug .

‘ You managed with me , ’ Jenna said with an attempt at lightness , but Marguerite shook her head and smiled softly .
‘ you managed with me , ’ jenna said with an [try] at lightness , but marguerite shook her head and smiled softly .

Rainbow peers , with some wariness , into her cup , seems relieved to find no faces in the froth , then scalds her mouth in an attempt to down it before any more visions appear .
rainbow peers , with some wariness , into her cup , seems relieved to find no faces in the froth , then scalds her mouth in an [try] to down it before any more visions appear .

‘ An operative with your penchant for letting herself get trapped inside things should not attempt to pull rank .
‘ an operative with your penchant for letting herself get trapped inside things should not [try] to pull rank .

Any attempt she makes to obscure her femininity backfires with absurd vengeance ; there is no refuge for that face of hers .
any [try] she makes to obscure her femininity backfires with absurd vengeance ; there is no refuge for that face of hers .

This poor attempt at humour produced a broken sob , but also the reaction he wanted .
this poor [try] at humour produced a broken sob , but also the reaction he wanted .

The New Economic Policy also has a more unusual aspect : the attempt to bring the coca-dollars into circulation .
the new economic policy also has a more unusual aspect : the [try] to bring the coca-dollars into circulation .

In an attempt to focus attention on what was seen then as the ‘ plight of women ’ , the United Nations had decided that 1975 would be International Woman 's Year .
in an [try] to focus attention on what was seen then as the ‘ plight of women ’ , the united nations had decided that 1975 would be international woman 's year .

But it is ground which does not appear to be fertile for anything — let alone an attempt to build an alternative to Africa 's elitist and beleaguered educational system .
but it is ground which does not appear to be fertile for anything — let alone an [try] to build an alternative to africa 's elitist and beleaguered educational system .

General Velasco dies and his unique attempt at left-wing military government is over .
general velasco dies and his unique [try] at left-wing military government is over .

Apart from certain skilled trades , the attempt to unionize was an uphill battle for most workers until the Great Depression of the 30s .
apart from certain skilled trades , the [try] to unionize was an uphill battle for most workers until the great depression of the 30s .

In the early 1980s the military began destroying entire villages in an attempt to eradicate civilian support for Leftist guerillas .
in the early 1980s the military began destroying entire villages in an [try] to eradicate civilian support for leftist guerillas .

He could not stop the rain now , just as he would not attempt to start it in the heart of the dry season , without serious danger to his own health .
he could not stop the rain now , just as he would not [try] to start it in the heart of the dry season , without serious danger to his own health .

Still , it 's a bold attempt to put his art where his mouth has always been and you ca n't help willing him to succeed .
still , it 's a bold [try] to put his art where his mouth has always been and you ca n't help willing him to succeed .

The point of meeting them is to understand the ruthlessness of international economic policies which drive the poorer nations of the world to environmental disaster in an attempt to repay their debts .
the point of meeting them is to understand the ruthlessness of international economic policies which drive the poorer nations of the world to environmental disaster in an [try] to repay their debts .

Despite its poverty and its international isolation , Vietnam has been making a unique attempt to restore its tropical forest , one-fifth of which was lost in 20 years of war and its own mistakes .
despite its poverty and its international isolation , vietnam has been making a unique [try] to restore its tropical forest , one-fifth of which was lost in 20 years of war and its own mistakes .

This cinema 's best attempt yet to come to terms with South Africa .
this cinema 's best [try] yet to come to terms with south africa .

It drifted the globe for just over two years looking for a port to discharge the ash , and even changed its name to the Pelicano in an attempt to escape detection .
it drifted the globe for just over two years looking for a port to discharge the ash , and even changed its name to the pelicano in an [try] to escape detection .

There can not be and there should not be any attempt to open up a party political divide over the importance of further reducing tobacco consumption .
there can not be and there should not be any [try] to open up a party political divide over the importance of further reducing tobacco consumption .

The Government 's policy statement ’ Our Farming Future ’ is a serious attempt to outline the ingredients of a prosperous British agriculture industry , which is part of the United Kingdom economy and the United Kingdom way of life .
the government 's policy statement ’ our farming future ’ is a serious [try] to outline the ingredients of a prosperous british agriculture industry , which is part of the united kingdom economy and the united kingdom way of life .

While we must get closer to the market , the proposals continue to ignore the reality of market forces in a misguided attempt to solve undesirable social objectives .
while we must get closer to the market , the proposals continue to ignore the reality of market forces in a misguided [try] to solve undesirable social objectives .

Those outside the political arena believe that the Government have made a poor attempt to answer some searching questions .
those outside the political arena believe that the government have made a poor [try] to answer some searching questions .

The Bill is an attempt to respond to widespread public concern .
the bill is an [try] to respond to widespread public concern .

Will the Government give an assurance that there will be a similar attempt to alter the law in Scotland if there is an emergency there ?
will the government give an assurance that there will be a similar [try] to alter the law in scotland if there is an emergency there ?

Had the Government not thought that they could get the Bill passed without the House having a serious attempt to debate or qualify it , those matters could have been discussed with experts .
had the government not thought that they could get the bill passed without the house having a serious [try] to debate or qualify it , those matters could have been discussed with experts .

The Bill does not attempt to address that aspect — and understandably so , because the problem must be dealt with in a short and concise way .
the bill does not [try] to address that aspect — and understandably so , because the problem must be dealt with in a short and concise way .

The Government 's attempt to produce a solution has failed .
the government 's [try] to produce a solution has failed .

discount represents the Government 's attempt to meet that need , but have they really considered whether the figure relates precisely to people 's incomes ?
discount represents the government 's [try] to meet that need , but have they really considered whether the figure relates precisely to people 's incomes ?

Any attempt to draw up a wider programme would have to rely overwhelmingly on the only information available to the Opposition — the autumn statement in its present form .
any [try] to draw up a wider programme would have to rely overwhelmingly on the only information available to the opposition — the autumn statement in its present form .

Will the Prime Minister bear in mind the vast quantity of surplus conventional and chemical weaponry held by the former Soviet Union states ? Did he attempt to get undertakings from President Yeltsin that he would use his best endeavours to ensure that they resist the temptation to sell that weaponry to unreliable states in the middle east and elsewhere ?
will the prime minister bear in mind the vast quantity of surplus conventional and chemical weaponry held by the former soviet union states ? did he [try] to get undertakings from president yeltsin that he would use his best endeavours to ensure that they resist the temptation to sell that weaponry to unreliable states in the middle east and elsewhere ?

The information held under the data class of warning signals is intended to indicate individuals who may possess firearms , may possess weapons , may resort to violent behaviour , may attempt to escape , may suffer from mental disorder , may possess explosives , may make false allegations against the police , may be a hazard to others as a carrier of contagious diseases ( e.g. , hepatitis ) ’ —
the information held under the data class of warning signals is intended to indicate individuals who may possess firearms , may possess weapons , may resort to violent behaviour , may [try] to escape , may suffer from mental disorder , may possess explosives , may make false allegations against the police , may be a hazard to others as a carrier of contagious diseases ( e.g. , hepatitis ) ’ —

The possibility of such a merger has now been discounted by the Minister , who has given a solid commitment that no Government of his persuasion would attempt such a merger .
the possibility of such a merger has now been discounted by the minister , who has given a solid commitment that no government of his persuasion would [try] such a merger .

My Bill is an attempt to satisfy the needs of the people of Scotland , and it is designed to open the door to the necessary constitutional reform for the rest of the United Kingdom .
my bill is an [try] to satisfy the needs of the people of scotland , and it is designed to open the door to the necessary constitutional reform for the rest of the united kingdom .

It would be inappropriate for us to dwell on the matter unnecessarily or to attempt to second-guess the decisions of the Lord Advocate in Scotland on the matter .
it would be inappropriate for us to dwell on the matter unnecessarily or to [try] to second-guess the decisions of the lord advocate in scotland on the matter .

However , the right hon. Gentleman completely misrepresented the position of my hon. Friend the Member for Copeland ( Dr. Cunningham ) , who has been quoted , by implying that we , the Opposition , would be happy if timetable motions were introduced without any attempt to secure an agreement on what the timetable should be , and without any reciprocal arrangement that improved the rights of the Opposition .
however , the right hon. gentleman completely misrepresented the position of my hon. friend the member for copeland ( dr. cunningham ) , who has been quoted , by implying that we , the opposition , would be happy if timetable motions were introduced without any [try] to secure an agreement on what the timetable should be , and without any reciprocal arrangement that improved the rights of the opposition .

The Minister made a half-hearted attempt to justify that claim , but he could not identify anything that he or the Government had positively done .
the minister made a half-hearted [try] to justify that claim , but he could not identify anything that he or the government had positively done .

He struggled even more when four men pounced upon him and pinned him to the ground , but his frantic movements were more an attempt to breathe than to escape .
he struggled even more when four men pounced upon him and pinned him to the ground , but his frantic movements were more an [try] to breathe than to escape .

The fear in Meredith Putt 's eyes became terror and his struggles increased in a frantic attempt to break free , but to no avail .
the fear in meredith putt 's eyes became terror and his struggles increased in a frantic [try] to break free , but to no avail .

This system constitutes an attempt to contain the growing road traffic problem in and around Birmingham .
this system constitutes an [try] to contain the growing road traffic problem in and around birmingham .

He 'd made no attempt to detain her , she noticed while feeling slightly irritated as she walked along the passage towards her room , but at least she 'd indicated she was not falling over herself to bask in the pleasure of his company .
he 'd made no [try] to detain her , she noticed while feeling slightly irritated as she walked along the passage towards her room , but at least she 'd indicated she was not falling over herself to bask in the pleasure of his company .

She made no attempt to conceal her surprise , her eyes widening slightly as she said , ‘ You mean you think he should remain a bachelor — all his life ? ’
she made no [try] to conceal her surprise , her eyes widening slightly as she said , ‘ you mean you think he should remain a bachelor — all his life ? ’

He ignored her underlying anger as he said , ‘ And again you were an angel to make the attempt on behalf of Battleaxe Bertha , who is too damned arrogant to make the effort herself . ’
he ignored her underlying anger as he said , ‘ and again you were an angel to make the [try] on behalf of battleaxe bertha , who is too damned arrogant to make the effort herself . ’

Doreen 's eyes continued to dart from one to the other ; then she made an attempt to put Lucy in her place by reminding her that she was merely a member of the staff .
doreen 's eyes continued to dart from one to the other ; then she made an [try] to put lucy in her place by reminding her that she was merely a member of the staff .

We attempt to treat the wives and ex-wives of service men living illegally in some of our properties as sympathetically as we can and that is why the 1,600 to whom the hon. Gentleman referred live in service accommodation .
we [try] to treat the wives and ex-wives of service men living illegally in some of our properties as sympathetically as we can and that is why the 1,600 to whom the hon. gentleman referred live in service accommodation .

Does the right hon. Gentleman deny that there was an attempt to cover up the fact that many of those units are in serious financial difficulties ? Since the matter is in the public domain , as a consequence of information from his Department reaching the public which was not intended to reach them , how does he propose to deal with the matter ? What proposals has he to put before the House this afternoon ?
does the right hon. gentleman deny that there was an [try] to cover up the fact that many of those units are in serious financial difficulties ? since the matter is in the public domain , as a consequence of information from his department reaching the public which was not intended to reach them , how does he propose to deal with the matter ? what proposals has he to put before the house this afternoon ?

Is the Minister 's very carefully worded reply an attempt to distract from the fact that the proportion of the elderly in the population is increasing and will continue to do so ?
is the minister 's very carefully worded reply an [try] to distract from the fact that the proportion of the elderly in the population is increasing and will continue to do so ?

How can the Minister justify the attempt to sell off into the private sector , just a matter of weeks before a general election , what most Londoners rightly regard as the proper seat of London 's government ? Is that not merely a last act of spite by a Government who still bear a grudge against London ? Will the Minister tell us whether he agrees with the chairman of the Tory party that a citywide administration is needed for London ? If he does agree , what form should it take ?
how can the minister justify the [try] to sell off into the private sector , just a matter of weeks before a general election , what most londoners rightly regard as the proper seat of london 's government ? is that not merely a last act of spite by a government who still bear a grudge against london ? will the minister tell us whether he agrees with the chairman of the tory party that a citywide administration is needed for london ? if he does agree , what form should it take ?

Is my right hon. Friend aware that in a recent opinion poll only 8 per cent . of the respondents supported the idea that police authorities should consist only of elected members ? Is it surprising that the public should resist such an attempt to politicise the police , despite the fact that it is the policy of the Opposition ?
is my right hon. friend aware that in a recent opinion poll only 8 per cent . of the respondents supported the idea that police authorities should consist only of elected members ? is it surprising that the public should resist such an [try] to politicise the police , despite the fact that it is the policy of the opposition ?

Is the Minister aware that the Department of the Environment has undertaken a surreptitious exercise in an attempt to destroy the private sector taxi service in Belfast ? If so , can he tell us how much money has been allocated to that exercise ?
is the minister aware that the department of the environment has undertaken a surreptitious exercise in an [try] to destroy the private sector taxi service in belfast ? if so , can he tell us how much money has been allocated to that exercise ?

Labour 's proposed attempt to finance improvements in our rail expenditure , at the expense of our roads programme , would result in massive unemployment in the construction industry , along with an increase in the number of casualties on our roads .
labour 's proposed [try] to finance improvements in our rail expenditure , at the expense of our roads programme , would result in massive unemployment in the construction industry , along with an increase in the number of casualties on our roads .

Does my right hon. Friend agree that proportional representation reduces democracy and effective government ? Will he confirm that after he has won the general election and is back in No. 10 , he will have no intention of changing our voting system ? Will he condemn the occupants of the Opposition Front Bench for using the issue in a squalid attempt to lure Liberal voters into their camp and for indulging in two-faced opportunism ?
does my right hon. friend agree that proportional representation reduces democracy and effective government ? will he confirm that after he has won the general election and is back in no. 10 , he will have no intention of changing our voting system ? will he condemn the occupants of the opposition front bench for using the issue in a squalid [try] to lure liberal voters into their camp and for indulging in two-faced opportunism ?

Whole areas of property will be lumped into bands with no attempt at individual valuations .
whole areas of property will be lumped into bands with no [try] at individual valuations .

The introduction of the community charge was a desperate attempt to save the skin of the Conservative party in Scotland , and it failed miserably because of the sense of social justice in the Scottish philosophy .
the introduction of the community charge was a desperate [try] to save the skin of the conservative party in scotland , and it failed miserably because of the sense of social justice in the scottish philosophy .

It is an attempt to find a form of words around which people of different views can unite .
it is an [try] to find a form of words around which people of different views can unite .

We may have had from him an attempt at Opposition fury , but , on occasion , he experienced pretty heavy weather in trying to make distinctions between his party and the Government on an issue on which , in essence , they agree .
we may have had from him an [try] at opposition fury , but , on occasion , he experienced pretty heavy weather in trying to make distinctions between his party and the government on an issue on which , in essence , they agree .

Although the Labour party opposes the discount scheme , it does not attempt to address the unfairness inherent in a property tax .
although the labour party opposes the discount scheme , it does not [try] to address the unfairness inherent in a property tax .

It is an attempt to meet what the Secretary of State for Wales described as the widow factor .
it is an [try] to meet what the secretary of state for wales described as the widow factor .

It will be an interim attempt to be seen to be doing something to replace the discredited poll tax .
it will be an interim [try] to be seen to be doing something to replace the discredited poll tax .

It was clear that the Government were not able to get their legislation right at the first attempt .
it was clear that the government were not able to get their legislation right at the first [try] .

It is possible to have a relatively speedy valuation because no attempt will be made to place a specific value on every house .
it is possible to have a relatively speedy valuation because no [try] will be made to place a specific value on every house .

The guillotine motion after 10 o'clock tonight will attempt to preclude sensible contributions , attempt to preclude people from dealing with the difficulties and technicalities in the Bill , and pose a real problem for those of us who believe that local government is not a political football to be kicked about at whim , but an essential part of our democracy for the provision of essential services .
the guillotine motion after 10 o'clock tonight will [try] to preclude sensible contributions , [try] to preclude people from dealing with the difficulties and technicalities in the bill , and pose a real problem for those of us who believe that local government is not a political football to be kicked about at whim , but an essential part of our democracy for the provision of essential services .

Gentleman is condemned for ever to attend debates on guillotine motions in an attempt to expiate his past sins in that area .
gentleman is condemned for ever to attend debates on guillotine motions in an [try] to expiate his past sins in that area .

Neither the Minister nor the Leader of the House made any attempt , nor was an attempt made through the usual channels , to hold any serious discussions about the passage of the Bill .
neither the minister nor the leader of the house made any [try] , nor was an [try] made through the usual channels , to hold any serious discussions about the passage of the bill .

It makes no sense for two such complex systems of financial support to attempt to meet the same needs other than in the most exceptional circumstances .
it makes no sense for two such complex systems of financial support to [try] to meet the same needs other than in the most exceptional circumstances .

The extraordinary thing about the tenor of the right hon. Gentleman 's speech in the past few minutes is that once again he seeks to make out that this is not a very important problem and that we can push it away . Earlier in his speech he weakened every attempt to strengthen our defences such as the Immigration ( Carriers '
the extraordinary thing about the tenor of the right hon. gentleman 's speech in the past few minutes is that once again he seeks to make out that this is not a very important problem and that we can push it away . earlier in his speech he weakened every [try] to strengthen our defences such as the immigration ( carriers '

The regulations represent the Government 's second attempt to amend the regulation that previously applied in such cases — regulation 72 , introduced in April 1987 .
the regulations represent the government 's second [try] to amend the regulation that previously applied in such cases — regulation 72 , introduced in april 1987 .

The Humble Petition of the Scunthorpe and district people sheweth That there is great opposition to any attempt to export live horses from this country for slaughter on the continent .
the humble petition of the scunthorpe and district people sheweth that there is great opposition to any [try] to export live horses from this country for slaughter on the continent .

As the debate rages on , the Government will surely not attempt to deny that the moneys provided in the Bill will be regarded by thousands of miners as the prelude to the Government 's plan to privatise the coal industry .
as the debate rages on , the government will surely not [try] to deny that the moneys provided in the bill will be regarded by thousands of miners as the prelude to the government 's plan to privatise the coal industry .

There was an attempt to push the balance back in favour of the consumer , but privatisation has achieved the opposite because it has resulted in a major shift of power away from the consumer to the producer .
there was an [try] to push the balance back in favour of the consumer , but privatisation has achieved the opposite because it has resulted in a major shift of power away from the consumer to the producer .

Every consumer has been disadvantaged by the privatisation of those industries , and the Bill is the Government 's attempt to make amends .
every consumer has been disadvantaged by the privatisation of those industries , and the bill is the government 's [try] to make amends .

Instead , it seems that money is to be spent in an almost futile attempt to attract to the bay , at a time of recession , companies and start-up projects that , by rights , should be located elsewhere .
instead , it seems that money is to be spent in an almost futile [try] to attract to the bay , at a time of recession , companies and start-up projects that , by rights , should be located elsewhere .

This is not , in any way , an attempt to teach British Rail how to run a railway .
this is not , in any way , an [try] to teach british rail how to run a railway .

She put her hands against his chest in an attempt to thrust him away .
she put her hands against his chest in an [try] to thrust him away .

‘ Nobody can forecast the future with that much certainty , ’ she said with an attempt at lightness .
‘ nobody can forecast the future with that much certainty , ’ she said with an [try] at lightness .

Her eyes tightly closed in a vain attempt to hold back more tears , she could not see his expression , but she did hear his harsh intake of breath .
her eyes tightly closed in a vain [try] to hold back more tears , she could not see his expression , but she did hear his harsh intake of breath .

It was ridiculous , she told herself , and no help at all in her attempt to forget Fen Marshall .
it was ridiculous , she told herself , and no help at all in her [try] to forget fen marshall .

With Samson we have to decide whether we should concentrate on the time of its circulation in the early 1670s or whether we should attempt to determine a precise date of composition .
with samson we have to decide whether we should concentrate on the time of its circulation in the early 1670s or whether we should [try] to determine a precise date of composition .

The sonnet registers forcibly its linguistic uncertainty , rendering its own meaning unstable , and interestingly also de-centring the external conventions which attempt to contain it .
the sonnet registers forcibly its linguistic uncertainty , rendering its own meaning unstable , and interestingly also de-centring the external conventions which [try] to contain it .

Another good example of Renaissance poetry 's attempt to explore the relation between signifying language and signified thing is offered by Shakespeare 's sonnet 54 :
another good example of renaissance poetry 's [try] to explore the relation between signifying language and signified thing is offered by shakespeare 's sonnet 54 :

But it is a language once again demonstrated to be volatile , unable to have its discursive play controlled , de-centring any attempt at a structured organisation .
but it is a language once again demonstrated to be volatile , unable to have its discursive play controlled , de-centring any [try] at a structured organisation .

By ‘ placing ’ exorcism in such a zone , state institutions ( which Greenblatt equates with Harsnett 's text ) can attempt to contain what is potentially disruptive to the state ; eliminating , in this case , charismatic religious groups as a potential threat to the established Church .
by ‘ placing ’ exorcism in such a zone , state institutions ( which greenblatt equates with harsnett 's text ) can [try] to contain what is potentially disruptive to the state ; eliminating , in this case , charismatic religious groups as a potential threat to the established church .

This has been the frequent and characteristic complaint of those ( in my experience few ) historians who have explored the New Historicism : the representation of history is idiosyncratic and selected to reflect the preoccupation of the literary critic , not an attempt to account accurately for the period .
this has been the frequent and characteristic complaint of those ( in my experience few ) historians who have explored the new historicism : the representation of history is idiosyncratic and selected to reflect the preoccupation of the literary critic , not an [try] to account accurately for the period .

Much recent historicist revisionism within the early modern period has been particularly vocal in opposing those who attempt to discover an organised political character among those groups outside the formal organisation of official state policy .
much recent historicist revisionism within the early modern period has been particularly vocal in opposing those who [try] to discover an organised political character among those groups outside the formal organisation of official state policy .

Establishing an authorial version of the play is usually an editorial attempt to give that version authority over others .
establishing an authorial version of the play is usually an editorial [try] to give that version authority over others .

Sabine wryly decided against any attempt to shake hands , and left the room .
sabine wryly decided against any [try] to shake hands , and left the room .

It started finally at the third attempt , and Sabine was almost weeping as she threw it at the hill .
it started finally at the third [try] , and sabine was almost weeping as she threw it at the hill .

‘ My poor wife 's attempt to scare her into flight must have been the final straw .
‘ my poor wife 's [try] to scare her into flight must have been the final straw .

The last scheme was an attempt to address the transport problems of the area .
the last scheme was an [try] to address the transport problems of the area .

From what has been said , this is not the view of this chapter . Nor is it consistent with Coase 's ( 1937 ) attempt to define the abstract nature of the firm ( author 's emphasis ) :
from what has been said , this is not the view of this chapter . nor is it consistent with coase 's ( 1937 ) [try] to define the abstract nature of the firm ( author 's emphasis ) :

Williamson 's theory of the firm is an attempt , following Coase , to explain the existence and internal structure of firms rather than to take them for granted .
williamson 's theory of the firm is an [try] , following coase , to explain the existence and internal structure of firms rather than to take them for granted .

a series of small scale laboratory studies attempt to isolate the impact of particular aspects of the social environment there — these include religious affiliation , political allegiance and national allegiance .
a series of small scale laboratory studies [try] to isolate the impact of particular aspects of the social environment there — these include religious affiliation , political allegiance and national allegiance .

This project draws particularly on the discipline of philosophy and on major findings in the field of neuropsychology in an attempt to clarify ‘ designerly ’ ways of knowing .
this project draws particularly on the discipline of philosophy and on major findings in the field of neuropsychology in an [try] to clarify ‘ designerly ’ ways of knowing .

The project concluded with an attempt to match design ability against some criterea for distinct types of ‘ intelligence ’ , in an attempt to establish design intelligence as one of those distinct types .
the project concluded with an [try] to match design ability against some criterea for distinct types of ‘ intelligence ’ , in an [try] to establish design intelligence as one of those distinct types .

In practice , this means that you would be extremely unwise to attempt your own gas fitting .
in practice , this means that you would be extremely unwise to [try] your own gas fitting .

Mark carefully where the pipe is to be bent : do not attempt to make more than one bend at a time without checking
mark carefully where the pipe is to be bent : do not [try] to make more than one bend at a time without checking

and then attempt to trace the position of the burst .
and then [try] to trace the position of the burst .

Immersion heaters are generally rated at 3kW and come in different lengths to suit different sizes of cylinder : do n't attempt to economise by fitting a shorter vertically mounted one than you need — it will heat only the water above it .
immersion heaters are generally rated at 3kw and come in different lengths to suit different sizes of cylinder : do n't [try] to economise by fitting a shorter vertically mounted one than you need — it will heat only the water above it .

If you are removing an asbestos cement guttering system , do not attempt to cut it and do n't break up the sections .
if you are removing an asbestos cement guttering system , do not [try] to cut it and do n't break up the sections .

There is no attempt to hide drugs .
there is no [try] to hide drugs .

Pig-Pig junior is pressing his marshmallow body against the trolley wire in a desperate attempt to acquire chocolate bars .
pig-pig junior is pressing his marshmallow body against the trolley wire in a desperate [try] to acquire chocolate bars .

Thrown mentally off balance by such an unexpected , seemingly irrelevant question , Isabel could only nod , her attempt at speech failing completely .
thrown mentally off balance by such an unexpected , seemingly irrelevant question , isabel could only nod , her [try] at speech failing completely .

The iron grip Guy had used to subdue her had relaxed into a hold that now cradled rather than constrained , and yet she could n't lift so much as a finger to defend herself , could barely summon the will to press her face harder against the bed in a futile attempt to escape that warm , spine-tingling touch .
the iron grip guy had used to subdue her had relaxed into a hold that now cradled rather than constrained , and yet she could n't lift so much as a finger to defend herself , could barely summon the will to press her face harder against the bed in a futile [try] to escape that warm , spine-tingling touch .

Isabel abandoned the attempt and fought to regain her control instead .
isabel abandoned the [try] and fought to regain her control instead .

She was exhausted ; more so because of the alarmed way she had sprung out of reach whenever Guy had become restless , than from the number of times she had sponged him down in an attempt to cool his fever .
she was exhausted ; more so because of the alarmed way she had sprung out of reach whenever guy had become restless , than from the number of times she had sponged him down in an [try] to cool his fever .

FitzAlan ignored this attempt to free herself , as he had all the others .
fitzalan ignored this [try] to free herself , as he had all the others .

‘ Please , ’ she whispered , forcing herself not to struggle , hardly breathing in her attempt to remain still .
‘ please , ’ she whispered , forcing herself not to struggle , hardly breathing in her [try] to remain still .

It was his unexpected kindness that caused her jaw to clench suddenly in an attempt to stave off the hot tears scalding her eyes .
it was his unexpected kindness that caused her jaw to clench suddenly in an [try] to stave off the hot tears scalding her eyes .

Unfortunately her attempt at a dignified exit was ruined by fitzAlan murmuring in a perfectly audible voice that he would not be long in joining her .
unfortunately her [try] at a dignified exit was ruined by fitzalan murmuring in a perfectly audible voice that he would not be long in joining her .

She made no attempt to prevent him from taking her into his arms , gave no sign that she knew of his presence .
she made no [try] to prevent him from taking her into his arms , gave no sign that she knew of his presence .

He made no attempt to present her to the other man , however , apparently so deep in thought that he seemed to have forgotten her very existence .
he made no [try] to present her to the other man , however , apparently so deep in thought that he seemed to have forgotten her very existence .

The stark desire in his face threatened to take what strength she had left , nor did he make any attempt to hide the blatant response of his body to that consuming , passionate kiss , continuing to hold her so tightly that she could feel him with every part of her being , could still taste him inside her mouth .
the stark desire in his face threatened to take what strength she had left , nor did he make any [try] to hide the blatant response of his body to that consuming , passionate kiss , continuing to hold her so tightly that she could feel him with every part of her being , could still taste him inside her mouth .

Shaking with terror , Isabel put a hand to the wall in an attempt to hold on to something solid , only to have it scoot across the slimy surface , almost throwing her to the ground .
shaking with terror , isabel put a hand to the wall in an [try] to hold on to something solid , only to have it scoot across the slimy surface , almost throwing her to the ground .

’ The idea of the futile brave attempt to soften the life up here — for it would have been hard and isolated when the house was built and savage in the winter — trying to set a garden on this soil , in this salt air , appealed to her .
’ the idea of the futile brave [try] to soften the life up here — for it would have been hard and isolated when the house was built and savage in the winter — trying to set a garden on this soil , in this salt air , appealed to her .

Deana would not easily forgive Belinda 's silly attempt to trick her , and she had the power to make life miserable for some time to come .
deana would not easily forgive belinda 's silly [try] to trick her , and she had the power to make life miserable for some time to come .

‘ Of course not , ’ she said quickly , already on her way out of the room and feeling that her attempt at asserting herself had not been a success .
‘ of course not , ’ she said quickly , already on her way out of the room and feeling that her [try] at asserting herself had not been a success .

‘ Faye … Mrs Hamilton ! ’ Breathlessly , Belinda arrived at the artist 's side , her cheeks burning at having to intrude on a conversation that was just getting established again after Greg 's tactless attempt at humour .
‘ faye … mrs hamilton ! ’ breathlessly , belinda arrived at the artist 's side , her cheeks burning at having to intrude on a conversation that was just getting established again after greg 's tactless [try] at humour .

At the end , when she told about the enterprising boys ' attempt to send a sample ‘ nugget ’ — of worthless pyrites — to the mines department for assaying , Faye actually smiled , and quickly Belinda went on to think of more stories from her outback childhood .
at the end , when she told about the enterprising boys ' [try] to send a sample ‘ nugget ’ — of worthless pyrites — to the mines department for assaying , faye actually smiled , and quickly belinda went on to think of more stories from her outback childhood .

Still , she made a creditable attempt at the meal , which she ate with Bill and Tom buffet-style , grouped around Faye 's bed .
still , she made a creditable [try] at the meal , which she ate with bill and tom buffet-style , grouped around faye 's bed .

The latter was lively and talkative tonight , and Belinda suspected that it was an attempt to lighten her own spirits after their discussion about Tom .
the latter was lively and talkative tonight , and belinda suspected that it was an [try] to lighten her own spirits after their discussion about tom .

Nevertheless , as will be amply demonstrated throughout the remaining chapters in Part 11 , all subject devices must attempt to fulfil both objectives .
nevertheless , as will be amply demonstrated throughout the remaining chapters in part 11 , all subject devices must [try] to fulfil both objectives .

Documents are comprised of words , and searchers and indexers use words to represent or convey concepts ; at this stage however , it is important for the indexer to attempt to identify the concepts that are represented by the words .
documents are comprised of words , and searchers and indexers use words to represent or convey concepts ; at this stage however , it is important for the indexer to [try] to identify the concepts that are represented by the words .

In the attempt to match the above criteria , there are two fundamentally distinct avenues leading to the construction of the schedules of a classification scheme .
in the [try] to match the above criteria , there are two fundamentally distinct avenues leading to the construction of the schedules of a classification scheme .

Also , within the constraints imposed by the basically enumerative framework , the revisers of the major schemes do attempt to take account of a more systematic approach to classification in any proposed revisions of these schemes .
also , within the constraints imposed by the basically enumerative framework , the revisers of the major schemes do [try] to take account of a more systematic approach to classification in any proposed revisions of these schemes .

The classification schemes that have been considered so far are general bibliographic classification schemes in that they attempt to encompass all of knowledge .
the classification schemes that have been considered so far are general bibliographic classification schemes in that they [try] to encompass all of knowledge .

It is important that Chapter 12 should be familiar to the reader before any attempt is made to consider the alphabetical subject approach further .
it is important that chapter 12 should be familiar to the reader before any [try] is made to consider the alphabetical subject approach further .

An attempt is made to offer one heading for each concept , a principle which the indexer should try to adhere to consistently .
an [try] is made to offer one heading for each concept , a principle which the indexer should try to adhere to consistently .

The British Standards Institution Root Thesaurus is an important attempt to provide a standard list of terms from which terms for thesauri and indexing languages can be selected and more application-oriented lists derived .
the british standards institution root thesaurus is an important [try] to provide a standard list of terms from which terms for thesauri and indexing languages can be selected and more application-oriented lists derived .

In this sense all socialist parties are revolutionary , since their objective is to replace a capitalist form of society by a socialist one ; so also are nationalist parties which seek to overthrow colonial rule , and perhaps in a more limited sense right-wing parties , such as fascist parties , which attempt to restore a more hierarchical and authoritarian type of society .
in this sense all socialist parties are revolutionary , since their objective is to replace a capitalist form of society by a socialist one ; so also are nationalist parties which seek to overthrow colonial rule , and perhaps in a more limited sense right-wing parties , such as fascist parties , which [try] to restore a more hierarchical and authoritarian type of society .

Only in recent years has there been a sustained attempt by Marxist thinkers to re-examine in a thoroughgoing fashion the relation between the state , the economy and social classes , or to analyse that historical experience which reveals the emergence of a new type of authoritarian state from the revolutionary process itself or from the centralized control of a socialist economy .
only in recent years has there been a sustained [try] by marxist thinkers to re-examine in a thoroughgoing fashion the relation between the state , the economy and social classes , or to analyse that historical experience which reveals the emergence of a new type of authoritarian state from the revolutionary process itself or from the centralized control of a socialist economy .

The Soviet Union has disintegrated into separate states , and the so-called Commonwealth of Independent States exists largely on paper as a desperate attempt to maintain some kind of economic and political cooperation .
the soviet union has disintegrated into separate states , and the so-called commonwealth of independent states exists largely on paper as a desperate [try] to maintain some kind of economic and political cooperation .

‘ And this … ’ said Valerie Cass , with no attempt to disguise her contempt , ‘ is my husband . ’
‘ and this … ’ said valerie cass , with no [try] to disguise her contempt , ‘ is my husband . ’

He did n't attempt to deny it .
he did n't [try] to deny it .

She made no attempt to move when he came in , just lay there looking vulnerable .
she made no [try] to move when he came in , just lay there looking vulnerable .

‘ Other than this job , ’ she added challengingly , some perverse part of her almost wishing he would attempt to deprive her of it so that she would have something real , present and immediate to fight him for .
‘ other than this job , ’ she added challengingly , some perverse part of her almost wishing he would [try] to deprive her of it so that she would have something real , present and immediate to fight him for .

Theirs was not a loving affair ; although she loved him , Maria refused to show it , knowing that Luke would probably reject any attempt to do so anyway .
theirs was not a loving affair ; although she loved him , maria refused to show it , knowing that luke would probably reject any [try] to do so anyway .

She was compelled by an urge to attempt to hurt him , simply because she herself was hurting , but she was angrily aware that she probably could n't succeed , because without love , there could be no hurt .
she was compelled by an urge to [try] to hurt him , simply because she herself was hurting , but she was angrily aware that she probably could n't succeed , because without love , there could be no hurt .

They could n't ignore the fact that they were to part , and neither of them made any attempt to avoid it in conversation .
they could n't ignore the fact that they were to part , and neither of them made any [try] to avoid it in conversation .

Moreover , the attempt to build-in behavioural response highlights the need for taking a more fully integrated view ; for instance , in the personal sector , saving , housing tenure , and labour supply decisions need to be considered in conjunction .
moreover , the [try] to build-in behavioural response highlights the need for taking a more fully integrated view ; for instance , in the personal sector , saving , housing tenure , and labour supply decisions need to be considered in conjunction .

The redistributive impact of the state has been analysed in terms of the effect of a specified set of taxes and expenditures , but no attempt has been made to examine how particular types of policy came to be adopted .
the redistributive impact of the state has been analysed in terms of the effect of a specified set of taxes and expenditures , but no [try] has been made to examine how particular types of policy came to be adopted .

We do not attempt to examine the economics of political constitutions , how certain political machinery came into existence , or the rationale for particular processes for political decision-making .
we do not [try] to examine the economics of political constitutions , how certain political machinery came into existence , or the rationale for particular processes for political decision-making .

Overall , we attempt in this section to give some flavour of the results that have been obtained in the field of mathematical politics , by political scientists as well as economists .
overall , we [try] in this section to give some flavour of the results that have been obtained in the field of mathematical politics , by political scientists as well as economists .

Although governments may attempt to avoid these problems by framing legislation more specifically , the cost of doing so is not only greater complexity but also less adaptability , both for coping with new situations and for unforeseen cases .
although governments may [try] to avoid these problems by framing legislation more specifically , the cost of doing so is not only greater complexity but also less adaptability , both for coping with new situations and for unforeseen cases .

If the executive attempt in turn to monitor budget requests , this adds control expenditure to the cost of provision .
if the executive [try] in turn to monitor budget requests , this adds control expenditure to the cost of provision .

This form of internal organization arises from the need to maintain direct control of the activity of employees , indirect control via incentive schemes not being possible ( we refer below to some of the issues that arise in the attempt to devise such incentive structures ) .
this form of internal organization arises from the need to maintain direct control of the activity of employees , indirect control via incentive schemes not being possible ( we refer below to some of the issues that arise in the [try] to devise such incentive structures ) .

But she restrained herself and , instead , retaliated verbally , abandoning for the moment her attempt to be sympathetic .
but she restrained herself and , instead , retaliated verbally , abandoning for the moment her [try] to be sympathetic .

You 're twenty-seven , she told her image in an attempt to instil some common sense into it .
you 're twenty-seven , she told her image in an [try] to instil some common sense into it .

Wrapping her arms round herself in a futile attempt to retain some body-heat , she began the long walk back to the cottage .
wrapping her arms round herself in a futile [try] to retain some body-heat , she began the long walk back to the cottage .

To give him his due , he made no attempt to hide this consuming interest of his : it would have seemed pointless , for he assumed that everyone else was similarly obsessed , and would see through his attempts at concealment .
to give him his due , he made no [try] to hide this consuming interest of his : it would have seemed pointless , for he assumed that everyone else was similarly obsessed , and would see through his attempts at concealment .

‘ Well , hello , Mrs — er — Machin , this is an honour , ’ said Dwight Kronweiser , uncurling himself from his protective position , then getting up with an attempt at expansiveness .
‘ well , hello , mrs — er — machin , this is an honour , ’ said dwight kronweiser , uncurling himself from his protective position , then getting up with an [try] at expansiveness .

‘ Yes ? ’ said Margaret at the front door , with an attempt at a friendly smile , which somehow turned out cold , like an arctic summer .
‘ yes ? ’ said margaret at the front door , with an [try] at a friendly smile , which somehow turned out cold , like an arctic summer .

It had been an attempt to let in a bit of fresh air on the subject .
it had been an [try] to let in a bit of fresh air on the subject .

In an attempt to do so , Britain pointed to a General Declaration attached to the Single European Act , which says , ‘ Nothing in these provisions shall affect the right of Member States to take such measures as they consider necessary for the purpose of controlling immigration … ’ In the event , a compromise was struck .
in an [try] to do so , britain pointed to a general declaration attached to the single european act , which says , ‘ nothing in these provisions shall affect the right of member states to take such measures as they consider necessary for the purpose of controlling immigration … ’ in the event , a compromise was struck .

All this was particularly noticeable in the summer of 1992 when billions of pounds ( some say as much as £20 billion ) of foreign reserves ( £7.2 billion of which had been especially borrowed for the purpose ) were spent by the Bank of England in a vain attempt to prop up the exchange value of sterling .
all this was particularly noticeable in the summer of 1992 when billions of pounds ( some say as much as £20 billion ) of foreign reserves ( £7.2 billion of which had been especially borrowed for the purpose ) were spent by the bank of england in a vain [try] to prop up the exchange value of sterling .

This explanation is suspect , because the behaviour of other types in the early periods does appear to be an attempt to imitate the dominant strategy type ; there is an attempt at reputation building .
this explanation is suspect , because the behaviour of other types in the early periods does appear to be an [try] to imitate the dominant strategy type ; there is an [try] at reputation building .

This paper is a deliberate attempt to move in the opposite direction — to explore the ability of subjects to tackle rather complex decision-problems .
this paper is a deliberate [try] to move in the opposite direction — to explore the ability of subjects to tackle rather complex decision-problems .

We made no attempt to select particular kinds of subjects , since our main aim was to see how different kinds of subjects would carry out this decision problem , though we appreciate that in a market setting some of the less efficient decision-makers might be weeded out by the market process .
we made no [try] to select particular kinds of subjects , since our main aim was to see how different kinds of subjects would carry out this decision problem , though we appreciate that in a market setting some of the less efficient decision-makers might be weeded out by the market process .

This was deliberate : it implies that the subjects had a strong incentive to try to optimize , and is an attempt to overcome the ‘ flat-maximum critique ’ of Harrison ( 1989 ) .
this was deliberate : it implies that the subjects had a strong incentive to try to optimize , and is an [try] to overcome the ‘ flat-maximum critique ’ of harrison ( 1989 ) .

This improvement was substantial : from slightly worse than myopic on the first attempt , the average improved to getting on for 40 % of the difference between the optimal and the myopic on the second .
this improvement was substantial : from slightly worse than myopic on the first [try] , the average improved to getting on for 40 % of the difference between the optimal and the myopic on the second .

Meredith lunged out in a desperate attempt to save their contents only to find her feet slipping on the melted snow which had been walked in from outside .
meredith lunged out in a desperate [try] to save their contents only to find her feet slipping on the melted snow which had been walked in from outside .

Lucenzo made no attempt to comfort her .
lucenzo made no [try] to comfort her .

He was about to make an attempt to steer the conversation back to Heather 's visit in August when , in a sudden rush , Mrs Diamond reached the limit of her reticence and revealed what he did not doubt she had also revealed to Heather .
he was about to make an [try] to steer the conversation back to heather 's visit in august when , in a sudden rush , mrs diamond reached the limit of her reticence and revealed what he did not doubt she had also revealed to heather .

Their reports of the attempt on Alan Dysart 's life were , however , as similar as they were familiar . Harry felt as if he had heard or read them all before , in one form or another , and none of them shed any light on what had struck Mrs Diamond as ‘ not right ’ :
their reports of the [try] on alan dysart 's life were , however , as similar as they were familiar . harry felt as if he had heard or read them all before , in one form or another , and none of them shed any light on what had struck mrs diamond as ‘ not right ’ :

Only greater humiliation could result from an attempt to wrench the truth from her .
only greater humiliation could result from an [try] to wrench the truth from her .

Suppose the car crash was a botched attempt to kill them .
suppose the car crash was a botched [try] to kill them .

Then he drew on his cigarette in an attempt to mask what Harry had already glimpsed : the shock of one who perceives a threat too late to evade it .
then he drew on his cigarette in an [try] to mask what harry had already glimpsed : the shock of one who perceives a threat too late to evade it .

Thus , if the original problem was that the monetary sector as a whole was critically short of base money , then the attempt by individual banks to improve their own position by raising interest rates will be self-defeating .
thus , if the original problem was that the monetary sector as a whole was critically short of base money , then the [try] by individual banks to improve their own position by raising interest rates will be self-defeating .

He did not attempt to deny it .
he did not [try] to deny it .

Finally he gave up the attempt , and took the most direct way back to his house .
finally he gave up the [try] , and took the most direct way back to his house .

An awkward pause followed , and Huy , feeling that he had learnt all he could , made no attempt to continue the conversation .
an awkward pause followed , and huy , feeling that he had learnt all he could , made no [try] to continue the conversation .

Now he made no attempt to banish his feelings from his face .
now he made no [try] to banish his feelings from his face .

‘ You should turn me in ; but then where would you be ? Do not attempt to follow me . ’
‘ you should turn me in ; but then where would you be ? do not [try] to follow me . ’

No attempt is made to use legally precise terms or statements in the summaries .
no [try] is made to use legally precise terms or statements in the summaries .

These contributions are not shown in official statistics of educational expenditure , but in 1990 an attempt was made to quantify them by the Mail on Sunday , which commissioned a survey of a representative sample of primary schools by the National Foundation for Educational Research .
these contributions are not shown in official statistics of educational expenditure , but in 1990 an [try] was made to quantify them by the mail on sunday , which commissioned a survey of a representative sample of primary schools by the national foundation for educational research .

As it made the attempt into a warm wind
as it made the [try] into a warm wind

By contrast , an attempt to construct a set of rectangular Cartesian coordinates to cover the spherical surface runs into irretrievable difficulties .
by contrast , an [try] to construct a set of rectangular cartesian coordinates to cover the spherical surface runs into irretrievable difficulties .

For , suppose an attempt is made to reconstruct the geometry of the Earth using only the information available in the index of an atlas .
for , suppose an [try] is made to reconstruct the geometry of the earth using only the information available in the index of an atlas .

’ Folly stared fixedly at the desk in an attempt not to listen to the one-sided conversation .
’ folly stared fixedly at the desk in an [try] not to listen to the one-sided conversation .

Then Jessamy made a desperate attempt to put an end to this before the tension between them reached an even more dangerous level .
then jessamy made a desperate [try] to put an end to this before the tension between them reached an even more dangerous level .

Formalism , as Eikhenbaum makes plain in his summary of its principles , was neither an aesthetic nor a methodology ; it was ‘ characterized only by the attempt to create an independent science of literature which studies specifically literary material ’ ( 1965 : 103 ) .
formalism , as eikhenbaum makes plain in his summary of its principles , was neither an aesthetic nor a methodology ; it was ‘ characterized only by the [try] to create an independent science of literature which studies specifically literary material ’ ( 1965 : 103 ) .

Halliday 's analysis thus differs from Spitzer 's not only in using a more modern and technically advanced linguistics , but more importantly because it makes no attempt , to speak of , at interpretation .
halliday 's analysis thus differs from spitzer 's not only in using a more modern and technically advanced linguistics , but more importantly because it makes no [try] , to speak of , at interpretation .

Together these two essays are an attempt to construct the theoretical basis for an alternative to positivistic scholarships , an alternative that will deal with the specifically literary properties of texts , and deal with them with the same degree of objectivity and rigour as scholarship has traditionally claimed .
together these two essays are an [try] to construct the theoretical basis for an alternative to positivistic scholarships , an alternative that will deal with the specifically literary properties of texts , and deal with them with the same degree of objectivity and rigour as scholarship has traditionally claimed .

Barthes 's The Fashion System exemplifies this linguistic principle in its attempt to read the grammar of fashion .
barthes 's the fashion system exemplifies this linguistic principle in its [try] to read the grammar of fashion .

But although Todorov 's analysis of James seems to conform to distinctions between reading , criticism and poetics in its attempt to prove that structuralist criticism is possible , it also undermines them .
but although todorov 's analysis of james seems to conform to distinctions between reading , criticism and poetics in its [try] to prove that structuralist criticism is possible , it also undermines them .

This conception of the signifier bears only a vestige of its Saussurean ancestry , for there is nothing formalist about it and it is not part of a structural attempt to outline the basic grammar of any system .
this conception of the signifier bears only a vestige of its saussurean ancestry , for there is nothing formalist about it and it is not part of a structural [try] to outline the basic grammar of any system .

Barthes 's commentary represents what he calls the step-by-step approach which affirms the text 's plurality by the attempt to ‘ star [ étoiler ] the text instead of assembling it ’ ( p. 13 ) , to fragment and disperse it , instead of unifying it .
barthes 's commentary represents what he calls the step-by-step approach which affirms the text 's plurality by the [try] to ‘ star [ étoiler ] the text instead of assembling it ’ ( p. 13 ) , to fragment and disperse it , instead of unifying it .

This seems to have obvious parallels with the Russian Formalist attempt to found an approach to literature that would exclude all factors external to the texts — history , psychology , and so on .
this seems to have obvious parallels with the russian formalist [try] to found an approach to literature that would exclude all factors external to the texts — history , psychology , and so on .

Indeed Derrida acknowledges the value of the Formalists ' attempt to wrest literature from its secondary role as instrument in the logocentric sciences of history and philosophy .
indeed derrida acknowledges the value of the formalists ' [try] to wrest literature from its secondary role as instrument in the logocentric sciences of history and philosophy .

She made an attempt to pull herself out of his reach .
she made an [try] to pull herself out of his reach .

‘ Out , ’ Alyssia said , with no attempt to elaborate , and gave a wide smile that encompassed the whole room .
‘ out , ’ alyssia said , with no [try] to elaborate , and gave a wide smile that encompassed the whole room .

She knew that he did n't much care for André , but he could at least have made a better attempt at disguising it .
she knew that he did n't much care for andré , but he could at least have made a better [try] at disguising it .

‘ Nothing springs to mind , ’ Alyssia said with an attempt at light-heartedness .
‘ nothing springs to mind , ’ alyssia said with an [try] at light-heartedness .

The uncustomary heat did n't help matters either , nor did the taxi driver 's attempt at jovial small talk , most of which Alyssia either ignored or answered in monosyllables .
the uncustomary heat did n't help matters either , nor did the taxi driver 's [try] at jovial small talk , most of which alyssia either ignored or answered in monosyllables .

’ He came to life and made a half-hearted attempt to mop the milk up with his handkerchief .
’ he came to life and made a half-hearted [try] to mop the milk up with his handkerchief .

He did n't attempt to touch her again , but he stood squarely in front of her , thwarting her attempts to escape .
he did n't [try] to touch her again , but he stood squarely in front of her , thwarting her attempts to escape .

She took over the phone in a vain attempt to replace Dana , only to admit defeat late on Thursday evening when she was forced , reluctantly , to agree to Myra 's insistence that she wear the wedding gown herself .
she took over the phone in a vain [try] to replace dana , only to admit defeat late on thursday evening when she was forced , reluctantly , to agree to myra 's insistence that she wear the wedding gown herself .

Again , the technique was to attempt to identify children 's available strategies .
again , the technique was to [try] to identify children 's available strategies .

My guess is that the bozo could make a half-headed attempt to chase after the car , but more likely he will not .
my guess is that the bozo could make a half-headed [try] to chase after the car , but more likely he will not .

Not that the tribesmen would attempt anything more than a quick raid by night , not until the legions were withdrawn .
not that the tribesmen would [try] anything more than a quick raid by night , not until the legions were withdrawn .

He said with nervous acidity : ‘ We 're not dealing with atmospheric hallucinations here , but with an attempt at murder .
he said with nervous acidity : ‘ we 're not dealing with atmospheric hallucinations here , but with an [try] at murder .

He had strung out the conversation , after the chief inspector 's departure , or made an attempt to , but without much backing from anyone else , and failing to get any invitation to remain .
he had strung out the conversation , after the chief inspector 's departure , or made an [try] to , but without much backing from anyone else , and failing to get any invitation to remain .

However , what follows is an attempt to give powerful currency to the notion that such an addition to the list of significant textual features is nonetheless crucial since it raises our awareness of the cultural paradigm within which our critical perspectives are themselves shaped , and goes some way toward making visible an otherwise invisible dimension of our teaching .
however , what follows is an [try] to give powerful currency to the notion that such an addition to the list of significant textual features is nonetheless crucial since it raises our awareness of the cultural paradigm within which our critical perspectives are themselves shaped , and goes some way toward making visible an otherwise invisible dimension of our teaching .

Clearly , it is futile to try to eradicate unfair portrayals of male and female characters in texts without an equally vigorous attempt to eradicate unfair treatment of female and male pupils by teachers in their classrooms .
clearly , it is futile to try to eradicate unfair portrayals of male and female characters in texts without an equally vigorous [try] to eradicate unfair treatment of female and male pupils by teachers in their classrooms .

In an attempt to deal with this complex realm , selected aspects of the psychology of perception and aesthetic philosophy have been brought to bear upon the Personal Construct Theory of George Kelly ( 1955 ) .
in an [try] to deal with this complex realm , selected aspects of the psychology of perception and aesthetic philosophy have been brought to bear upon the personal construct theory of george kelly ( 1955 ) .

Although dealing primarily with architecture , Smith ( 1982 and 1983 ) also utilizes concepts such as similarity , orderliness and complexity in an attempt to understand the nature of aesthetic response .
although dealing primarily with architecture , smith ( 1982 and 1983 ) also utilizes concepts such as similarity , orderliness and complexity in an [try] to understand the nature of aesthetic response .

‘ Burnt it ? ’ said Theodora , and this time she made no attempt to disguise her surprise .
‘ burnt it ? ’ said theodora , and this time she made no [try] to disguise her surprise .

After one or two early passages of arms , when Wheeler had first come into the post , in which it became apparent that Wheeler was prepared to be a good deal nastier to Ian than Ian was to him , Ian had settled for a civil service manner in which he made no attempt to contribute to the department 's thinking .
after one or two early passages of arms , when wheeler had first come into the post , in which it became apparent that wheeler was prepared to be a good deal nastier to ian than ian was to him , ian had settled for a civil service manner in which he made no [try] to contribute to the department 's thinking .

‘ That , of course , obviates the need for us even to attempt to detect or frame coherent theories of motivation .
‘ that , of course , obviates the need for us even to [try] to detect or frame coherent theories of motivation .

But as a poet you will appreciate that some experiences are communicable only through symbols — symbols which lose all virtue in any attempt at paraphrase or analysis .
but as a poet you will appreciate that some experiences are communicable only through symbols — symbols which lose all virtue in any [try] at paraphrase or analysis .

Nor did his attempt to view their shared suffering as part of the Lord 's mysterious providence — a present ill from which a future good might spring — in any way ameliorate her condition .
nor did his [try] to view their shared suffering as part of the lord 's mysterious providence — a present ill from which a future good might spring — in any way ameliorate her condition .

With his own wife he scarce dare attempt it .
with his own wife he scarce dare [try] it .

It was an attempt to preserve her objectivity , but it could not suppress a rising panic .
it was an [try] to preserve her objectivity , but it could not suppress a rising panic .

Thus , any attempt to analyse the former land use around a settlement needs to take into account more than just the present physical nature of the land : changes may have taken place in any period under the influence of the technical abilities , and social and economic conditions prevailing at any time .
thus , any [try] to analyse the former land use around a settlement needs to take into account more than just the present physical nature of the land : changes may have taken place in any period under the influence of the technical abilities , and social and economic conditions prevailing at any time .

Even without details of field systems and earthwork remains some attempt can be made to see how early farmers were exploiting the resources available to their settlement .
even without details of field systems and earthwork remains some [try] can be made to see how early farmers were exploiting the resources available to their settlement .

The centre of the group was Wattling , perched on a chair surrounded by his admiring peers , and attempting to sing ‘ Doh , a deer , a female deer ’ — revealing , in the attempt , conspicuous deficiencies in his knowledge of the tonic sol-fa .
the centre of the group was wattling , perched on a chair surrounded by his admiring peers , and attempting to sing ‘ doh , a deer , a female deer ’ — revealing , in the [try] , conspicuous deficiencies in his knowledge of the tonic sol-fa .

‘ Kindly inspect your flannel , Wattling , in case your hidden enemy has concealed a Samurai sword in it … Do shut up , Tilney : no wonder little Toby is such an insensitive oaf , if he has to listen to that racket every night … Is that tear in your pyjamas due to the age of the garment , Martins , or is it a feeble attempt to be provocative ? ’
‘ kindly inspect your flannel , wattling , in case your hidden enemy has concealed a samurai sword in it … do shut up , tilney : no wonder little toby is such an insensitive oaf , if he has to listen to that racket every night … is that tear in your pyjamas due to the age of the garment , martins , or is it a feeble [try] to be provocative ? ’

And with that final attempt to recapture something of his former Manner , Edward Crumwallis shuffled out of the study .
and with that final [try] to recapture something of his former manner , edward crumwallis shuffled out of the study .

Vegetables were being prepared ; eight dozen quails were ready for the ovens ; trays of mutton cutlets , to be served with caper sauce in an attempt to please the Dickensian purists ( as well as the Prince of Wales ) were waiting for their moment to come .
vegetables were being prepared ; eight dozen quails were ready for the ovens ; trays of mutton cutlets , to be served with caper sauce in an [try] to please the dickensian purists ( as well as the prince of wales ) were waiting for their moment to come .

The weather was sultry , not sunny , today but you never knew when a lurking sun ray might attempt an assault upon the complexion .
the weather was sultry , not sunny , today but you never knew when a lurking sun ray might [try] an assault upon the complexion .

The unexpected thing was that she made no attempt to hide her age , which was around sixty .
the unexpected thing was that she made no [try] to hide her age , which was around sixty .

On it lay her attempt at drawing the mice .
on it lay her [try] at drawing the mice .

It was about her twentieth attempt too .
it was about her twentieth [try] too .

The renunciation of any attempt to tax was at once cause and symptom of the state 's demise .
the renunciation of any [try] to tax was at once cause and symptom of the state 's demise .

But the idea of shared management is not trivial and dissent will therefore either be camouflaged — but still be there — or the party whose views are overridden will feel that it was , after all , only a nominal attempt at agreement and partnership which was intended .
but the idea of shared management is not trivial and dissent will therefore either be camouflaged — but still be there — or the party whose views are overridden will feel that it was , after all , only a nominal [try] at agreement and partnership which was intended .

Each side then loses something if there is an attempt to meet at a mid-point .
each side then loses something if there is an [try] to meet at a mid-point .

And it was thought that the movement in England and Wales in the late 1960s , towards the extension of teachers ' centres was an attempt to create what was described as a focus for teacher renewal .
and it was thought that the movement in england and wales in the late 1960s , towards the extension of teachers ' centres was an [try] to create what was described as a focus for teacher renewal .

If the answer is no , there may be a case for dismissing the attempt to apply to education management some of the models which are drawn from business and industry . If the answer is yes , is that to be taken as part of Rudduck 's message which says that small scale studies are not trivial if they nevertheless provide excitement , confidence and insight ? Or is it that inside all organizations there are , continuously , small discoveries to be made in order to improve what is being done — and that schools do not differ from other organizations ?
if the answer is no , there may be a case for dismissing the [try] to apply to education management some of the models which are drawn from business and industry . if the answer is yes , is that to be taken as part of rudduck 's message which says that small scale studies are not trivial if they nevertheless provide excitement , confidence and insight ? or is it that inside all organizations there are , continuously , small discoveries to be made in order to improve what is being done — and that schools do not differ from other organizations ?

The upsurge of young talent at present must make 1993 Short 's only realistic chance to take the title and his personal dislike for the current world champion , which Short makes no attempt to hide , may add an extra edge .
the upsurge of young talent at present must make 1993 short 's only realistic chance to take the title and his personal dislike for the current world champion , which short makes no [try] to hide , may add an extra edge .

Following an unsuccessful attempt to reach a peaceful agreement with the rebels , he , too , resigned after less than twenty-four hours in the job , to be replaced by José Giral , who , like Casares , was a member of Manuel Azaña 's Republican Left party .
following an unsuccessful [try] to reach a peaceful agreement with the rebels , he , too , resigned after less than twenty-four hours in the job , to be replaced by josé giral , who , like casares , was a member of manuel azaña 's republican left party .

Some of his advisers favoured a large-scale attempt at encirclement from the north of the capital .
some of his advisers favoured a large-scale [try] at encirclement from the north of the capital .

The first attempt did not succeed ; mainly , in the view of military historian Gabriel Cardona , because Franco failed to realize that the conquest of a large city like Madrid required massive and concentrated artillery attack , with coordinated and sustained support from the air , not African-style cavalry charges followed by rapid , but unsupported , infantry attack .
the first [try] did not succeed ; mainly , in the view of military historian gabriel cardona , because franco failed to realize that the conquest of a large city like madrid required massive and concentrated artillery attack , with coordinated and sustained support from the air , not african-style cavalry charges followed by rapid , but unsupported , infantry attack .

Perhaps recalling General Primo de Rivera 's ill-starred attempt to rule , initially , through an all-military committee , one of Franco 's first steps was to replace the exclusively military Committee for National Defence with a mixed , civilian and military , Technical Committee .
perhaps recalling general primo de rivera 's ill-starred [try] to rule , initially , through an all-military committee , one of franco 's first steps was to replace the exclusively military committee for national defence with a mixed , civilian and military , technical committee .

Any attempt to unite them would , therefore , have to be carefully planned if it were to win the acquiescence of the parties involved .
any [try] to unite them would , therefore , have to be carefully planned if it were to win the acquiescence of the parties involved .

By then , not only had the Nationalist seventh Division failed to enter Madrid , it had also failed in its first attempt to isolate the city from its northern defences in the Sierra de Guadarrama .
by then , not only had the nationalist seventh division failed to enter madrid , it had also failed in its first [try] to isolate the city from its northern defences in the sierra de guadarrama .

Yet another unsuccessful attempt to isolate Madrid , this time by severing its road link with Valencia , was made in February 1937 .
yet another unsuccessful [try] to isolate madrid , this time by severing its road link with valencia , was made in february 1937 .

Barely two weeks after the Jarama carnage , Franco launched what was to be the last Nationalist attempt to take Madrid , with an attack to the north-east of the city , in the province of Guadalajara .
barely two weeks after the jarama carnage , franco launched what was to be the last nationalist [try] to take madrid , with an attack to the north-east of the city , in the province of guadalajara .

Besides , although Franco later blamed Sanjurjo and others for the advent of the Republic , he himself had made no attempt to save the monarchy .
besides , although franco later blamed sanjurjo and others for the advent of the republic , he himself had made no [try] to save the monarchy .

The writing was clearly on the wall for Hitler ; indeed , Lequerica 's appointment came barely two weeks after an assassination attempt on the Führer .
the writing was clearly on the wall for hitler ; indeed , lequerica 's appointment came barely two weeks after an assassination [try] on the führer .

Either way , Churchill 's response to Franco 's October missive made very clear that the British government would not swallow the Caudillo 's attempt to rewrite history in his own favour .
either way , churchill 's response to franco 's october missive made very clear that the british government would not swallow the caudillo 's [try] to rewrite history in his own favour .

However , it was also evident from both Roosevelt 's reply and from the absence of western democratic support for the Val d'Aran attempt that there would be no outside intervention in Spanish domestic politics .
however , it was also evident from both roosevelt 's reply and from the absence of western democratic support for the val d'aran [try] that there would be no outside intervention in spanish domestic politics .

As Paul Preston writes , `` the United Nations had given [ Franco ] a winning hand to play , allowing him to persuade the Spanish people that he was their heroic leader in yet another foreign attempt to destroy Spain `` .
as paul preston writes , `` the united nations had given [ franco ] a winning hand to play , allowing him to persuade the spanish people that he was their heroic leader in yet another foreign [try] to destroy spain `` .

The attempt to disguise the fact that the decision itself was not made in or by the Cortes , was taken a step further with the announcement that the Law of Succession would be submitted to popular consideration in a national referendum on 6 July 1947 .
the [try] to disguise the fact that the decision itself was not made in or by the cortes , was taken a step further with the announcement that the law of succession would be submitted to popular consideration in a national referendum on 6 july 1947 .

In February 1952 an attempt was made to burn down an Evangelical church in Seville , and Cardinal Segura published a virulently anti-Protestant pastoral letter , in which he effectively accused Franco of betraying the sacred identity of Spain as a Catholic nation .
in february 1952 an [try] was made to burn down an evangelical church in seville , and cardinal segura published a virulently anti-protestant pastoral letter , in which he effectively accused franco of betraying the sacred identity of spain as a catholic nation .

An attempt was made to improve the situation of those , especially in the Northern provinces , who were afflicted by the extreme smallness and dispersion of their holdings , but the administrative and social problems involved in applying the Law of Land Concentration proved insurmountable in many cases , particularly given the lack of political will to tackle them .
an [try] was made to improve the situation of those , especially in the northern provinces , who were afflicted by the extreme smallness and dispersion of their holdings , but the administrative and social problems involved in applying the law of land concentration proved insurmountable in many cases , particularly given the lack of political will to tackle them .

Timid winds of change had been trying to blow in Spanish universities since 1951 , when a relatively progressive Minister of Education , Joaquin Ruiz-Giménez , had initiated an attempt to revitalize and open up the torpid and reactionary Spanish education system .
timid winds of change had been trying to blow in spanish universities since 1951 , when a relatively progressive minister of education , joaquin ruiz-giménez , had initiated an [try] to revitalize and open up the torpid and reactionary spanish education system .

In his speeches to the multitudes , Franco 's enthusiasm for the Falange put monarchists and military on notice that any attempt to push him into early retirement would have to contend with the mass opposition of his `` popular support `` .
in his speeches to the multitudes , franco 's enthusiasm for the falange put monarchists and military on notice that any [try] to push him into early retirement would have to contend with the mass opposition of his `` popular support `` .

Perhaps in a deliberate attempt to reassert his authority by disconcerting all the interested parties , or simply following his instinct to play for time , Franco resorted to his old tactic of duplicity .
perhaps in a deliberate [try] to reassert his authority by disconcerting all the interested parties , or simply following his instinct to play for time , franco resorted to his old tactic of duplicity .

Arrese and Salas Pombo made desperate efforts to convince military and Church leaders that the proposed laws were not a disguised attempt to make Spain a totalitarian state .
arrese and salas pombo made desperate efforts to convince military and church leaders that the proposed laws were not a disguised [try] to make spain a totalitarian state .

The composition of the new cabinet announced in February 1957 constituted Franco 's attempt to resolve the dilemma he faced by being both immobile and innovative at the same time !
the composition of the new cabinet announced in february 1957 constituted franco 's [try] to resolve the dilemma he faced by being both immobile and innovative at the same time !

The policies of autarchy represented the regime 's attempt to implement that declaration of intent .
the policies of autarchy represented the regime 's [try] to implement that declaration of intent .

They had to walk right past the tramp to enter the church and they made absolutely no attempt to help him in any way .
they had to walk right past the tramp to enter the church and they made absolutely no [try] to help him in any way .

For example , an employer who , without any attempt at an individual medical assessment , inaccurately pre-judges epileptic applicants for positions as being unable to perform the job , will have treated those applicants as disabled , even though in fact their impairments might not limit their major life activities at all or only to the extent that others react adversely to them .
for example , an employer who , without any [try] at an individual medical assessment , inaccurately pre-judges epileptic applicants for positions as being unable to perform the job , will have treated those applicants as disabled , even though in fact their impairments might not limit their major life activities at all or only to the extent that others react adversely to them .

The three related complaints concerned a National Executive Committee 's attempt to renege upon a ten year old conference agreement without a vote at conference .
the three related complaints concerned a national executive committee 's [try] to renege upon a ten year old conference agreement without a vote at conference .

The Sealink ship they attempted to board , the Nord Pas de Calais , was the same ferry which Greenpeace protesters in inflatable craft had held up for several hours during an attempt to stop it docking at Dover a few days earlier .
the sealink ship they attempted to board , the nord pas de calais , was the same ferry which greenpeace protesters in inflatable craft had held up for several hours during an [try] to stop it docking at dover a few days earlier .

Richard Crossman , for one , in 1965 lamented , ‘ How much more humane and imaginative our post-war reconstruction would have proved if government departments had been invigorated by an influx of experts with special knowledge , new ideas and a sympathy for the Government 's domestic and foreign policies ’ .3– George Brown 's National Plan of 1965 represented a belated attempt to recapture the ground perceived to have been lost since the war ended .
richard crossman , for one , in 1965 lamented , ‘ how much more humane and imaginative our post-war reconstruction would have proved if government departments had been invigorated by an influx of experts with special knowledge , new ideas and a sympathy for the government 's domestic and foreign policies ’ .3– george brown 's national plan of 1965 represented a belated [try] to recapture the ground perceived to have been lost since the war ended .

Demobilisation was muddled and the government made no attempt to help returning servicemen resume their former employment .
demobilisation was muddled and the government made no [try] to help returning servicemen resume their former employment .

The public would become used to high employment financed by permanent deficits and would object to any attempt to cut the deficit by raising taxes .
the public would become used to high employment financed by permanent deficits and would object to any [try] to cut the deficit by raising taxes .

During the 1930s more and more areas allocated children to secondary education entirely by examination in which the places in secondary schools were 100 % ‘ special places ’ , in an attempt to widen the social range of secondary schooling .
during the 1930s more and more areas allocated children to secondary education entirely by examination in which the places in secondary schools were 100 % ‘ special places ’ , in an [try] to widen the social range of secondary schooling .

An example of such pressure involving an attempt to change an inequitable system that appears to bear no relation to wartime was on the Isle of Ely .
an example of such pressure involving an [try] to change an inequitable system that appears to bear no relation to wartime was on the isle of ely .

Such alterations ranged from the introduction of record cards with ‘ unique ’ The 1944 Education Act assessment of character in Sheffield to the attempt to reduce the age-range of candidates in Caernarvonshire to those between the ages of ten and thirteen .
such alterations ranged from the introduction of record cards with ‘ unique ’ the 1944 education act assessment of character in sheffield to the [try] to reduce the age-range of candidates in caernarvonshire to those between the ages of ten and thirteen .

Nationally the war did lead to one innovation when the government created an imaginative attempt to cope with teacher shortage in the Emergency Training Service , which trained teachers without academic qualifications after national service .
nationally the war did lead to one innovation when the government created an imaginative [try] to cope with teacher shortage in the emergency training service , which trained teachers without academic qualifications after national service .

In an attempt to make good the teacher shortage schoolchildren were encouraged to stay on at school to do teacher training by circular No .
in an [try] to make good the teacher shortage schoolchildren were encouraged to stay on at school to do teacher training by circular no .

This group was quite influential among leading trade unionists ; and at the 1943 annual conference of the Labour Party they carried an amendment against an attempt by Stokes to reject the liability of ‘ the German people as a whole for the atrocities committed under Nazism ’ .
this group was quite influential among leading trade unionists ; and at the 1943 annual conference of the labour party they carried an amendment against an [try] by stokes to reject the liability of ‘ the german people as a whole for the atrocities committed under nazism ’ .

Brehmer had subjects attempt to estimate the number of road accidents occurring at various junctions and compared these estimates with the actual figures .
brehmer had subjects [try] to estimate the number of road accidents occurring at various junctions and compared these estimates with the actual figures .

In an attempt to increase the realism of events used to study the effects of arousal , several investigators have attempted to stage events which would be expected to induce arousal .
in an [try] to increase the realism of events used to study the effects of arousal , several investigators have attempted to stage events which would be expected to induce arousal .

This final section will attempt to use the material reviewed to reconcile these conclusions and provide predictions about the relationships between subjective risk and memory for driving which will be explored in the experimental chapters .
this final section will [try] to use the material reviewed to reconcile these conclusions and provide predictions about the relationships between subjective risk and memory for driving which will be explored in the experimental chapters .

This problem is highlighted by the studies of Linton and Wagenaar which do make some attempt to sample a range of autobiographical events , both of which while showing slight memory improvements for emotional items appear to show memory impairments if the items were regarded as unpleasant .
this problem is highlighted by the studies of linton and wagenaar which do make some [try] to sample a range of autobiographical events , both of which while showing slight memory improvements for emotional items appear to show memory impairments if the items were regarded as unpleasant .

This is to attempt to define information as either central or peripheral to the task at which the subject is engaged during encoding rather than central or peripheral per se .
this is to [try] to define information as either central or peripheral to the task at which the subject is engaged during encoding rather than central or peripheral per se .

Although subjects gave the risk rating immediately on hearing the tone it was stressed that their safety should be the main consideration , thus they should not attempt to perform any judgment task until they felt comfortable with the driving situation .
although subjects gave the risk rating immediately on hearing the tone it was stressed that their safety should be the main consideration , thus they should not [try] to perform any judgment task until they felt comfortable with the driving situation .

Subjects were asked to attempt to remember the 40 junctions for which they had given ratings .
subjects were asked to [try] to remember the 40 junctions for which they had given ratings .

Subjects were asked to continue describing different junctions until no more stood out in their memory but not to attempt to recall all the junctions , nor to deliberately recall them in the order they had been driven through .
subjects were asked to continue describing different junctions until no more stood out in their memory but not to [try] to recall all the junctions , nor to deliberately recall them in the order they had been driven through .

Because there was relatively little detail given and there were generally so few junctions remembered correctly , no attempt was made to analyse the types of information that were actually given in the descriptions , specifically , no attempt was made to classify details as central or peripheral .
because there was relatively little detail given and there were generally so few junctions remembered correctly , no [try] was made to analyse the types of information that were actually given in the descriptions , specifically , no [try] was made to classify details as central or peripheral .

This study was an attempt to explore the generality of the results from the previous recognition studies .
this study was an [try] to explore the generality of the results from the previous recognition studies .

This method of examining the data has not been employed in the previous studies because no attempt had been made in those studies to be representative in the sampling of direction of turn at each junction ( see Table 4.2 ) .
this method of examining the data has not been employed in the previous studies because no [try] had been made in those studies to be representative in the sampling of direction of turn at each junction ( see table 4.2 ) .

One interpretation was based on the fact that in each case memory appeared to be best for situations which accorded with the subjects ’ expectations about the junction , an attempt to test this was made by considering subjects ’ ratings for how normal the situation was .
one interpretation was based on the fact that in each case memory appeared to be best for situations which accorded with the subjects ’ expectations about the junction , an [try] to test this was made by considering subjects ’ ratings for how normal the situation was .

‘ The Commission appointed to investigate the disaster came to us after an earlier attempt to prove the cause of the crash had failed , ’ explains senior project manager Steve Jackman .
‘ the commission appointed to investigate the disaster came to us after an earlier [try] to prove the cause of the crash had failed , ’ explains senior project manager steve jackman .

Mehmet Ali Agca , after his attempt on the life of the Pope , was described in a newspaper report as a papal assailant ( The Guardian , London , 10 July 1985 ) .
mehmet ali agca , after his [try] on the life of the pope , was described in a newspaper report as a papal assailant ( the guardian , london , 10 july 1985 ) .

However , if one tries to envelop the noun phrase and the adjective in a single question , then , on the one hand , the result will usually or always be grammatical , because the verbs occurring in this construction can of course stand as ordinary transitive verbs , but , on the other , the question form will naturally be taken as related to the ordinary transitive verb with a simple noun phrase object — with a corresponding alteration in the meaning expressed ; ( 23 ) is an attempt to put such a question : ( 23 ) his sister set the owl free what did his sister set ?
however , if one tries to envelop the noun phrase and the adjective in a single question , then , on the one hand , the result will usually or always be grammatical , because the verbs occurring in this construction can of course stand as ordinary transitive verbs , but , on the other , the question form will naturally be taken as related to the ordinary transitive verb with a simple noun phrase object — with a corresponding alteration in the meaning expressed ; ( 23 ) is an [try] to put such a question : ( 23 ) his sister set the owl free what did his sister set ?

In the Septizonium , an ancient Roman temple at the south-east corner of the Palatine , which had long since been annexed for other uses , safe from outside interference and imperial troops , for it was still possible for emperors to attempt to interfere with elections , the election commenced after each cardinal had celebrated mass and all of them had exchanged the kiss of peace .
in the septizonium , an ancient roman temple at the south-east corner of the palatine , which had long since been annexed for other uses , safe from outside interference and imperial troops , for it was still possible for emperors to [try] to interfere with elections , the election commenced after each cardinal had celebrated mass and all of them had exchanged the kiss of peace .

In a recent attempt to evaluate research , Van Raan concludes that ‘ quantitative indicators should not be used by non-peers … This is because interpretation of these indicators needs an ‘ interaction ’ between the data and background knowledge ’ .
in a recent [try] to evaluate research , van raan concludes that ‘ quantitative indicators should not be used by non-peers … this is because interpretation of these indicators needs an ‘ interaction ’ between the data and background knowledge ’ .

It is no longer enough to make a simple count of publications ; some attempt must be made to look at the informational content ( bibliographies ) , peer group assessment ( citations ) , and long-term value to the academic community ( review articles ) .
it is no longer enough to make a simple count of publications ; some [try] must be made to look at the informational content ( bibliographies ) , peer group assessment ( citations ) , and long-term value to the academic community ( review articles ) .

The following tables attempt to show correlations between the researcher 's university and the journal which first publishes his or her research .
the following tables [try] to show correlations between the researcher 's university and the journal which first publishes his or her research .

The current study , restricted to the geology of a single country , has identified four relevant theses from American universities during the period , but no attempt has been made to search for theses on Scottish geology produced in France , Germany , or any other country , because it is felt that :
the current study , restricted to the geology of a single country , has identified four relevant theses from american universities during the period , but no [try] has been made to search for theses on scottish geology produced in france , germany , or any other country , because it is felt that :

Fussler , in an attempt to analyse the importance of journals in physics and chemistry before the advent of the Science Citation Index , selected a single ‘ key ’ journal in each specialty , and listed references in three sample years spaced at twenty-year intervals .
fussler , in an [try] to analyse the importance of journals in physics and chemistry before the advent of the science citation index , selected a single ‘ key ’ journal in each specialty , and listed references in three sample years spaced at twenty-year intervals .

In an attempt to assess the possibility of using citation counts as a measure of research quality , Lindsey has summarised the significance of citation counts in scientometric studies :
in an [try] to assess the possibility of using citation counts as a measure of research quality , lindsey has summarised the significance of citation counts in scientometric studies :

No attempt to search the literature
no [try] to search the literature

It is an attempt to partition the intellectual content of a subject area so that individual elements can be mapped to recognisable and clearly defined sub-areas .
it is an [try] to partition the intellectual content of a subject area so that individual elements can be mapped to recognisable and clearly defined sub-areas .

These requirements represent an attempt mainly by social and psychological researchers to formalise the conditions for measurement in the social sciences , and one that has been remarkably successful judging by the extent to which such scale types are taken as the standard fare for methods training .
these requirements represent an [try] mainly by social and psychological researchers to formalise the conditions for measurement in the social sciences , and one that has been remarkably successful judging by the extent to which such scale types are taken as the standard fare for methods training .

In addition , in the United States the view prevailed that it was neither possible nor desirable to attempt to influence social and political behaviour very much .
in addition , in the united states the view prevailed that it was neither possible nor desirable to [try] to influence social and political behaviour very much .

One of the more important of these was the quota sample , an attempt to approximate to random sampling methods but in a way that minimised the practical difficulties often involved in selecting and contacting respondents , so offering considerable advantages in cost and convenience .
one of the more important of these was the quota sample , an [try] to approximate to random sampling methods but in a way that minimised the practical difficulties often involved in selecting and contacting respondents , so offering considerable advantages in cost and convenience .

There is no attempt at any systematic statistical analysis of the documents , either of their numbers or their content ; there is also no attempt to supplement this material with interviews , though from the text it is clear that both authors talked to many Poles in the course of their investigations .
there is no [try] at any systematic statistical analysis of the documents , either of their numbers or their content ; there is also no [try] to supplement this material with interviews , though from the text it is clear that both authors talked to many poles in the course of their investigations .

During the 1930s the interest in public opinion polling germinated a more academically oriented interest in attitudes , in part as an attempt to resolve some of the problems arising from electoral prediction .
during the 1930s the interest in public opinion polling germinated a more academically oriented interest in attitudes , in part as an [try] to resolve some of the problems arising from electoral prediction .

As their name suggests they combine , or attempt to do so , the advantages of both of the two polar types .
as their name suggests they combine , or [try] to do so , the advantages of both of the two polar types .

In mid-October the Bank of England raised its discount rate — a belated attempt to stem the flood of credit it had itself created .
in mid-october the bank of england raised its discount rate — a belated [try] to stem the flood of credit it had itself created .

As soon as he saw their mood he made no attempt to join or follow ; and the people , seeing he had not the cut of a government man , passed him by .
as soon as he saw their mood he made no [try] to join or follow ; and the people , seeing he had not the cut of a government man , passed him by .

But soon he had to slacken , for Nora made no attempt to match his pace .
but soon he had to slacken , for nora made no [try] to match his pace .

Coup attempt <the referendum will actually take place in august , so i 've left it until then>
coup [try] <the referendum will actually take place in august , so i 've left it until then>

The Court judged that Carter had been under no duress when he authorized the amnesty and could have resorted to alternative methods to end the coup attempt .
the court judged that carter had been under no duress when he authorized the amnesty and could have resorted to alternative methods to end the coup [try] .

Pablo Escobar , the leader of the Medellín drug cartel , escaped from La Catedral prison in Envigado , a few kilometres from Medellín , on July 22 as an attempt was made to transfer him to an army barracks .
pablo escobar , the leader of the medellín drug cartel , escaped from la catedral prison in envigado , a few kilometres from medellín , on july 22 as an [try] was made to transfer him to an army barracks .

On July 26-28 government officials held talks with an Iranian delegation led by the Iranian deputy Foreign Minister Allahedin Borujerdi in an attempt to end the fighting .
on july 26-28 government officials held talks with an iranian delegation led by the iranian deputy foreign minister allahedin borujerdi in an [try] to end the fighting .

He was unsuccessful in his attempt to restart peace talks when he met leaders of the three factions in Sarajevo on July 3 .
he was unsuccessful in his [try] to restart peace talks when he met leaders of the three factions in sarajevo on july 3 .

The Commission accused Macierewicz of `` hypocrisy and an attempt to avoid the eventual legal consequences `` in claiming that the documents were `` informative `` rather than lists of collaborators ' names as the Sejm resolution demanded .
the commission accused macierewicz of `` hypocrisy and an [try] to avoid the eventual legal consequences `` in claiming that the documents were `` informative `` rather than lists of collaborators ' names as the sejm resolution demanded .

Joint Russian , Moldovan and Dnestr troops began deployment in Moldova on July 29 to attempt to halt fighting between the Slav population of the self-proclaimed Dnestr republic and Moldova .
joint russian , moldovan and dnestr troops began deployment in moldova on july 29 to [try] to halt fighting between the slav population of the self-proclaimed dnestr republic and moldova .

On July 13-14 , Russia 's Vice-President , Aleksandr Rutskoi , and Security Minister , Viktor Barannikov , with a mandate from Yeltsin to attempt a political settlement , visited the region to hold negotiations with Moldova and the Dnestr leaders .
on july 13-14 , russia 's vice-president , aleksandr rutskoi , and security minister , viktor barannikov , with a mandate from yeltsin to [try] a political settlement , visited the region to hold negotiations with moldova and the dnestr leaders .

As the first anniversary of the August 1991 coup attempt approached , allegations circulated about an impending coup .
as the first anniversary of the august 1991 coup [try] approached , allegations circulated about an impending coup .

Rumours of Kozyrev 's imminent resignation had followed the publication of an interview in Izvestiya on June 30 , in which he warned of the possibility of a coup attempt , and accused the defence and security ministries of providing deliberately misleading reports from areas of ethnic conflict in the former Soviet Union .
rumours of kozyrev 's imminent resignation had followed the publication of an interview in izvestiya on june 30 , in which he warned of the possibility of a coup [try] , and accused the defence and security ministries of providing deliberately misleading reports from areas of ethnic conflict in the former soviet union .

Committees for justice `` were to be set up at grassroots level in an attempt to alleviate mass unemployment , de-industrialization , the destruction of agriculture and the `` humiliation `` of east Germans .
committees for justice `` were to be set up at grassroots level in an [try] to alleviate mass unemployment , de-industrialization , the destruction of agriculture and the `` humiliation `` of east germans .

The move followed unconfirmed reports of a coup attempt in late June by a brigade of the elite Republican Guards .
the move followed unconfirmed reports of a coup [try] in late june by a brigade of the elite republican guards .

The accord , negotiated with the help of Haider Abdel-Shafi , leader of the Palestinian negotiating team in the Middle east peace process , was an attempt to install a `` permanent `` dialogue through a number of joint committees [ see also p. 38984 ) .
the accord , negotiated with the help of haider abdel-shafi , leader of the palestinian negotiating team in the middle east peace process , was an [try] to install a `` permanent `` dialogue through a number of joint committees [ see also p. 38984 ) .

In an attempt to defuse the protests Roh dismissed his Minister for Home Affairs , Ahn Eung Mo , on April 27 and replaced him with Lee Sang Yeon .
in an [try] to defuse the protests roh dismissed his minister for home affairs , ahn eung mo , on april 27 and replaced him with lee sang yeon .

Two days later , in an attempt to win concessions from the Zulu leadership on the carrying of weapons , de Klerk flew from Cape Town to Ulundi , capital of the KwaZulu homeland , to meet Buthelezi , and his nephew , the pro-Inkatha King Goodwill Zwelithini .
two days later , in an [try] to win concessions from the zulu leadership on the carrying of weapons , de klerk flew from cape town to ulundi , capital of the kwazulu homeland , to meet buthelezi , and his nephew , the pro-inkatha king goodwill zwelithini .

The bill acquired its name from its best-known sponsor , James Brady , a White House press officer who was shot by a handgun and crippled in the 1981 assassination attempt on President Ronald Reagan .
the bill acquired its name from its best-known sponsor , james brady , a white house press officer who was shot by a handgun and crippled in the 1981 assassination [try] on president ronald reagan .

The public rebuke of Sununu was also widely interpreted as a deliberate attempt to undercut some of the authority of his powerful Chief of Staff .
the public rebuke of sununu was also widely interpreted as a deliberate [try] to undercut some of the authority of his powerful chief of staff .

They were interpreted as an attempt to create a wider market in cultivated land .
they were interpreted as an [try] to create a wider market in cultivated land .

According to the Far Eastern Economic Review of May 30 the statute had been repealed in an attempt to calm reaction amongst students and the opposition following the arrest of four pro-independence activists on May 9 .
according to the far eastern economic review of may 30 the statute had been repealed in an [try] to calm reaction amongst students and the opposition following the arrest of four pro-independence activists on may 9 .

The first attempt to get the bill through the Assembly had failed unexpectedly on April 6 when it had been blocked in the Chamber of Nations .
the first [try] to get the bill through the assembly had failed unexpectedly on april 6 when it had been blocked in the chamber of nations .

On May 6 an attempt by opposition deputies in the People 's Assembly to remove Gramoz Rucaj from the post of caretaker Interior Minister because of the Shkodër events had been defeated , but a majority had voted in favour of dismissing Procurator General Rrapo Mino and head of the Investigator-General 's Office Qemal Lane .
on may 6 an [try] by opposition deputies in the people 's assembly to remove gramoz rucaj from the post of caretaker interior minister because of the shkodër events had been defeated , but a majority had voted in favour of dismissing procurator general rrapo mino and head of the investigator-general 's office qemal lane .

April 23-24 Baker fails in his attempt to persuade Assad to moderate his position during talks in Damascus .
april 23-24 baker fails in his [try] to persuade assad to moderate his position during talks in damascus .

May 12 Baker and Bessmertnykh meet over a working dinner in Cairo in what the Financial Times describes as an " against-the-odds attempt to " kick start " the … peace process " .
may 12 baker and bessmertnykh meet over a working dinner in cairo in what the financial times describes as an " against-the-odds [try] to " kick start " the … peace process " .

The accord 's most controversial element had been its attempt to induce Quebec to sign the 1982 federal Constitution in return for the recognition of the predominantly French-speaking province as a `` distinct society `` .
the accord 's most controversial element had been its [try] to induce quebec to sign the 1982 federal constitution in return for the recognition of the predominantly french-speaking province as a `` distinct society `` .

In an attempt to reconcile the demands of the administration with those of Congress , a budgetary summit representing the two sides convened in May [ see p. 37447 ] .
in an [try] to reconcile the demands of the administration with those of congress , a budgetary summit representing the two sides convened in may [ see p. 37447 ] .

In addition to the exceptional nature and size of his victory , it was considered a potential watershed in Haiti 's history , a view given further credence by the failure of a coup attempt in January 1991 which had aimed at preventing Aristide 's inauguration [ see p. 37955 ] .
in addition to the exceptional nature and size of his victory , it was considered a potential watershed in haiti 's history , a view given further credence by the failure of a coup [try] in january 1991 which had aimed at preventing aristide 's inauguration [ see p. 37955 ] .

In an attempt to improve its international reputation over human rights an amnesty law was passed in January 1991 which covered primarily 300 rural workers arrested for land occupations in 1989 .
in an [try] to improve its international reputation over human rights an amnesty law was passed in january 1991 which covered primarily 300 rural workers arrested for land occupations in 1989 .

On Jan. 26 , after his removal from his post as head of the air force , Col. Roberto Mendoza occupied the air base in the capital , Tegucigalpa , in an unsuccessful attempt to persuade other transferred officers to stage a rebellion .
on jan. 26 , after his removal from his post as head of the air force , col. roberto mendoza occupied the air base in the capital , tegucigalpa , in an unsuccessful [try] to persuade other transferred officers to stage a rebellion .

The Prime Minister resumed official duties on Sept. 10 , 1990 , after recovering from gunshot wounds received in the August 1990 coup attempt [ see p. 37606-07 ] .
the prime minister resumed official duties on sept. 10 , 1990 , after recovering from gunshot wounds received in the august 1990 coup [try] [ see p. 37606-07 ] .

Two junior ministers , Joseph Toney and Senator Hochoy Charles , were assigned to the Security Ministry following the July coup attempt .
two junior ministers , joseph toney and senator hochoy charles , were assigned to the security ministry following the july coup [try] .

Elections to Trinidad and Tobago 's seven county councils and four municipal councils , constitutionally due in mid-September , were postponed owing to the confusion created by the coup attempt and the resulting curfew , which remained in place until Aug. 21 .
elections to trinidad and tobago 's seven county councils and four municipal councils , constitutionally due in mid-september , were postponed owing to the confusion created by the coup [try] and the resulting curfew , which remained in place until aug. 21 .

The trial began on Sept. 25 of Imam Yasin Abu Bakr , the leader of the coup attempt .
the trial began on sept. 25 of imam yasin abu bakr , the leader of the coup [try] .

The country 's economy , like the political sphere , was dominated by the aftermath of the coup attempt .
the country 's economy , like the political sphere , was dominated by the aftermath of the coup [try] .

Another cause for optimism was that the coup attempt appeared not to have caused permanent damage to foreign investment or the tourist industry .
another cause for optimism was that the coup [try] appeared not to have caused permanent damage to foreign investment or the tourist industry .

The government on Nov. 7 , 1990 , defeated a no confidence motion tabled by the opposition in an attempt to exploit divisions within the ruling party .
the government on nov. 7 , 1990 , defeated a no confidence motion tabled by the opposition in an [try] to exploit divisions within the ruling party .

Only with the evidence of spiralling inflation did the government attempt to negotiate a `` social pact `` with employers and trade unions , but it then succeeded in uniting both of them against itself .
only with the evidence of spiralling inflation did the government [try] to negotiate a `` social pact `` with employers and trade unions , but it then succeeded in uniting both of them against itself .

The government made slow progress in its attempt to build a political consensus for economic reform .
the government made slow progress in its [try] to build a political consensus for economic reform .

The summit also established a committee to review regional security arrangements in the light of the Trinidad and Tobago coup attempt in July-August 1990 [ see pp .
the summit also established a committee to review regional security arrangements in the light of the trinidad and tobago coup [try] in july-august 1990 [ see pp .

Central bankers were also concerned in the spring of 1991 that the German government might attempt to stave off the pressure on the mark by raising interest rates , a move which they felt would further depress the prospects for world economic growth ; by April , however , it appeared that global interest rates were at last starting to come down , with particularly strong declines in the United Kingdom , the United States and France .
central bankers were also concerned in the spring of 1991 that the german government might [try] to stave off the pressure on the mark by raising interest rates , a move which they felt would further depress the prospects for world economic growth ; by april , however , it appeared that global interest rates were at last starting to come down , with particularly strong declines in the united kingdom , the united states and france .

In an attempt to revitalize his campaign Bush announced on Aug. 13 that Secretary of State James Baker was to become White House Chief of Staff , effective from Aug. 23 .
in an [try] to revitalize his campaign bush announced on aug. 13 that secretary of state james baker was to become white house chief of staff , effective from aug. 23 .

Although Robert Teeter remained as the nominal head of the Bush campaign , it was generally acknowledged that Baker would use his new post to exercise overall and ultimate responsibility for the campaign and attempt to provide it with a greater degree of coherence .
although robert teeter remained as the nominal head of the bush campaign , it was generally acknowledged that baker would use his new post to exercise overall and ultimate responsibility for the campaign and [try] to provide it with a greater degree of coherence .

An attempt by opponents of the party 's anti-abortion platform to have the issue openly debated was defeated , and the candidacy of Bush was endorsed by his main challenger in the primaries , the right-wing journalist Pat Buchanan .
an [try] by opponents of the party 's anti-abortion platform to have the issue openly debated was defeated , and the candidacy of bush was endorsed by his main challenger in the primaries , the right-wing journalist pat buchanan .

President Boris Yeltsin chose the first anniversary of the August 1991 coup attempt to announce a further stage in the Russian government 's privatization programme .
president boris yeltsin chose the first anniversary of the august 1991 coup [try] to announce a further stage in the russian government 's privatization programme .

Despite the government 's resolution of Aug. 11 to pay up to 12,000 roubles per tonne for standard quality grain in an attempt to persuade producers to sell to the state , only a quarter of the target figure for state reserves had been delivered by mid-August .
despite the government 's resolution of aug. 11 to pay up to 12,000 roubles per tonne for standard quality grain in an [try] to persuade producers to sell to the state , only a quarter of the target figure for state reserves had been delivered by mid-august .

On Aug. 18 , despite a ceasefire and the reported withdrawal of Georgian forces from Sukhumi the previous day , National Guard troops commanded by Georgian Defence Minister Tengiz Kitovani , shelled the town in an attempt to force the resignation of Vladislav Ardzinba , the Abkhaz leader behind the current independence campaign .
on aug. 18 , despite a ceasefire and the reported withdrawal of georgian forces from sukhumi the previous day , national guard troops commanded by georgian defence minister tengiz kitovani , shelled the town in an [try] to force the resignation of vladislav ardzinba , the abkhaz leader behind the current independence campaign .

Fighting in August reflected Azerbaijan 's continued attempt to recoup the losses suffered in the spring , and was heavy around the Mardakert region of northern Nagorny Karabakh , the scene of fighting in July .
fighting in august reflected azerbaijan 's continued [try] to recoup the losses suffered in the spring , and was heavy around the mardakert region of northern nagorny karabakh , the scene of fighting in july .

Gangouo had been detained in 1990 after a failed coup attempt against President Denis Sassou-Nguesso [ for which see p. 37602 ] .
gangouo had been detained in 1990 after a failed coup [try] against president denis sassou-nguesso [ for which see p. 37602 ] .

The amnesty applied not only to those arrested after the rebel invasion earlier in the month , but also to those accused of involvement in a coup attempt in October 1991 [ see p. 38519 ] , including former Interior Minister and Vice-President Maldoun Bada Abbas .
the amnesty applied not only to those arrested after the rebel invasion earlier in the month , but also to those accused of involvement in a coup [try] in october 1991 [ see p. 38519 ] , including former interior minister and vice-president maldoun bada abbas .

In what was widely seen as an attempt to exact vengeance on Clinton , Nichols had issued a federal lawsuit which claimed that the Governor had had extra-marital affairs with at least five women , and that he had misused official funds in entertaining them .
in what was widely seen as an [try] to exact vengeance on clinton , nichols had issued a federal lawsuit which claimed that the governor had had extra-marital affairs with at least five women , and that he had misused official funds in entertaining them .

An attempt to control inflation in cotton prices was said to have prompted a government decision , reported on Jan 24 , to allow the import of 1,000,000 bales of cotton ( weighing 170 kg each ) .
an [try] to control inflation in cotton prices was said to have prompted a government decision , reported on jan 24 , to allow the import of 1,000,000 bales of cotton ( weighing 170 kg each ) .

Conclusion of investigation into coup attempt
conclusion of investigation into coup [try]

Rebel detachments of the National Guard on Dec. 22 launched their attempt to storm Government House , which was barricaded and defended by soldiers loyal to Gamsakhurdia .
rebel detachments of the national guard on dec. 22 launched their [try] to storm government house , which was barricaded and defended by soldiers loyal to gamsakhurdia .

Opposition forces did not attempt to prevent his departure and he made his way to Idzhevan in north-eastern Armenia , whose government had offered him temporary asylum .
opposition forces did not [try] to prevent his departure and he made his way to idzhevan in north-eastern armenia , whose government had offered him temporary asylum .

On Jan. 23 , in an attempt to produce a consensus , a temporary `` consultative council `` was created , bringing together representatives of all major political forces in Georgia , including the leaders of the military council , to work with Sigua and his ministers .
on jan. 23 , in an [try] to produce a consensus , a temporary `` consultative council `` was created , bringing together representatives of all major political forces in georgia , including the leaders of the military council , to work with sigua and his ministers .

In Tbilisi , the new provisional government condemned the move as `` a blatant attempt to violate the territorial integrity of a sovereign state `` .
in tbilisi , the new provisional government condemned the move as `` a blatant [try] to violate the territorial integrity of a sovereign state `` .

The energy price increases , which doubled the cost of home central heating and raised the price of gas by 70 per cent and electricity by 20 per cent , were the consequence of the removal of subsidies in the attempt to control Poland 's budget deficit .
the energy price increases , which doubled the cost of home central heating and raised the price of gas by 70 per cent and electricity by 20 per cent , were the consequence of the removal of subsidies in the [try] to control poland 's budget deficit .

Personnel changes confirmed the new liberalism in the Soviet Union and the attempt to break links with past behaviour .
personnel changes confirmed the new liberalism in the soviet union and the [try] to break links with past behaviour .

The national conference ended on Aug. 28 after delegates had continued to meet in defiance of an attempt by President Gnassingbe Eyadema to suspend its proceedings two days earlier .
the national conference ended on aug. 28 after delegates had continued to meet in defiance of an [try] by president gnassingbe eyadema to suspend its proceedings two days earlier .

Alleged coup attempt
alleged coup [try]

According to Maj.-Gen. Uwaydah , quoted by Radio Omdurman , the " reckless coup attempt " had been undertaken " at the instigation and financing of some foreign powers " by " the remnants of the moribund sectarianism and some former , dismissed army men " .
according to maj.-gen. uwaydah , quoted by radio omdurman , the " reckless coup [try] " had been undertaken " at the instigation and financing of some foreign powers " by " the remnants of the moribund sectarianism and some former , dismissed army men " .

In an apparent attempt to codify existing practice , the bill exempted `` traditional counterintelligence activities `` , `` traditional diplomatic or military activities `` , `` traditional law enforcement activities `` and `` activities the primary purpose of which is to acquire intelligence `` .
in an apparent [try] to codify existing practice , the bill exempted `` traditional counterintelligence activities `` , `` traditional diplomatic or military activities `` , `` traditional law enforcement activities `` and `` activities the primary purpose of which is to acquire intelligence `` .

In announcing that he had signed the legislation , Bush issued a statement in which he expressed strong distaste for several ( unidentified ) provisions , and criticized as `` unnecessary `` the bill 's central attempt to define covert action .
in announcing that he had signed the legislation , bush issued a statement in which he expressed strong distaste for several ( unidentified ) provisions , and criticized as `` unnecessary `` the bill 's central [try] to define covert action .

In an attempt to boost exports , the government increased incentives to companies setting up in export processing zones .
in an [try] to boost exports , the government increased incentives to companies setting up in export processing zones .

Premadasa on Aug. 30 countered an attempt in Parliament to impeach him , by announcing that he was suspending Parliament until Sept. 24 .
premadasa on aug. 30 countered an [try] in parliament to impeach him , by announcing that he was suspending parliament until sept. 24 .

Both the Bank of Japan and the Ministry of Finance announced on Aug. 13 that they would attempt to limit the damage done by the scandal by taking steps to prevent the collapse of the Osaka credit association .
both the bank of japan and the ministry of finance announced on aug. 13 that they would [try] to limit the damage done by the scandal by taking steps to prevent the collapse of the osaka credit association .

The offer of further help was widely interpreted as attempt to improve the chances of the treaty being ratified by the requisite two-thirds majority of the 23-member Philippine Senate .
the offer of further help was widely interpreted as [try] to improve the chances of the treaty being ratified by the requisite two-thirds majority of the 23-member philippine senate .

There was no consensus as to the credibility of the commonly mentioned estimate of 100,000 Iraqi war dead , no official figures having been provided despite the obligation under the Geneva Convention for the military authorities to attempt to account for enemy dead .
there was no consensus as to the credibility of the commonly mentioned estimate of 100,000 iraqi war dead , no official figures having been provided despite the obligation under the geneva convention for the military authorities to [try] to account for enemy dead .

He founded the National Iranian Resistance Movement , and had narrowly escaped an earlier assassination attempt in July 1980 [ see pp .
he founded the national iranian resistance movement , and had narrowly escaped an earlier assassination [try] in july 1980 [ see pp .

In an attempt to be seen to be making every effort to avert war , Bush had proposed on Jan. 3 that Baker and Aziz should meet in Geneva .
in an [try] to be seen to be making every effort to avert war , bush had proposed on jan. 3 that baker and aziz should meet in geneva .

The action was alleged to have been initiated around Jan. 22 , at about the same time as other Kuwaiti oil wells and storage tanks had been set alight in an apparent attempt to disrupt the allied air campaign .
the action was alleged to have been initiated around jan. 22 , at about the same time as other kuwaiti oil wells and storage tanks had been set alight in an apparent [try] to disrupt the allied air campaign .

The Iraqi offensive was also interpreted by many commentators as an attempt by Saddam Hussein to precipitate the long-awaited allied ground assault .
the iraqi offensive was also interpreted by many commentators as an [try] by saddam hussein to precipitate the long-awaited allied ground assault .

Jan. 15 Pérez de Cuéllar issues final appeal via Security Council in attempt to prevent `` a conflict that none of [ the world 's ] peoples want `` .
jan. 15 pérez de cuéllar issues final appeal via security council in [try] to prevent `` a conflict that none of [ the world 's ] peoples want `` .

In an apparent attempt to repair the damage to his reputation both at home and abroad caused by the events in the Baltics , Gorbachev called a press conference on Jan. 22 at which he declared himself `` deeply upset `` by the killings in Vilnius and Riga .
in an apparent [try] to repair the damage to his reputation both at home and abroad caused by the events in the baltics , gorbachev called a press conference on jan. 22 at which he declared himself `` deeply upset `` by the killings in vilnius and riga .

Reported coup attempt
reported coup [try]

According to Interior Minister Khayreh Alaleh Hared , 68 people had been arrested in the early hours of Jan. 9 , as they were holding an illegal meeting at a local cemetery ; the attack on the barracks had taken place 90 minutes later , and the attackers had escaped , but the two incidents formed part of an attempt to destroy " the sovereignty , existence and unity of Djibouti and its economy " .
according to interior minister khayreh alaleh hared , 68 people had been arrested in the early hours of jan. 9 , as they were holding an illegal meeting at a local cemetery ; the attack on the barracks had taken place 90 minutes later , and the attackers had escaped , but the two incidents formed part of an [try] to destroy " the sovereignty , existence and unity of djibouti and its economy " .

Alleged coup attempt
alleged coup [try]

Ciskei coup attempt
ciskei coup [try]

Brig. Joshua Oupo Gqozo , who in March 1990 had seized power in the nominally independent Ciskei homeland [ see p. 37305 ] , survived a coup attempt against his regime on Jan. 26 .
brig. joshua oupo gqozo , who in march 1990 had seized power in the nominally independent ciskei homeland [ see p. 37305 ] , survived a coup [try] against his regime on jan. 26 .

The closure followed more than four years of successive crises at Eastern , culminating in a prolonged strike in 1989 [ see p. 37412 ] in which staff had resisted the management 's ultimately successful attempt to cut wages and withdraw trade union recognition .
the closure followed more than four years of successive crises at eastern , culminating in a prolonged strike in 1989 [ see p. 37412 ] in which staff had resisted the management 's ultimately successful [try] to cut wages and withdraw trade union recognition .

The latest violence followed an attempt by police to stop a lorry for a minor traffic violation on the Kahnawake reservation , immediately south of Montreal .
the latest violence followed an [try] by police to stop a lorry for a minor traffic violation on the kahnawake reservation , immediately south of montreal .

Failure of coup attempt
failure of coup [try]

In an attempt to fulfil his promise to prevent Aristide from taking office on Feb. 7 , Lafontant declared himself provisional president , and committed himself to create a `` true democracy `` and to `` wipe out the blot and bloody insult `` of the Dec. 16 election .
in an [try] to fulfil his promise to prevent aristide from taking office on feb. 7 , lafontant declared himself provisional president , and committed himself to create a `` true democracy `` and to `` wipe out the blot and bloody insult `` of the dec. 16 election .

Tens of thousands of Haitians responded to news of the coup attempt by taking to the streets where , armed with machetes and clubs , they paralysed the capital by building and then setting fire to barricades .
tens of thousands of haitians responded to news of the coup [try] by taking to the streets where , armed with machetes and clubs , they paralysed the capital by building and then setting fire to barricades .

In response to the mass protests , Chief of Staff of the 8,000-strong army , Gen. Hérard Abraham , denounced the coup attempt and pledged his support for Aristide .
in response to the mass protests , chief of staff of the 8,000-strong army , gen. hérard abraham , denounced the coup [try] and pledged his support for aristide .

In the aftermath of the coup attempt mobs engaged in widespread violence and looting which resulted in some 100 deaths and damage estimated at several million dollars .
in the aftermath of the coup [try] mobs engaged in widespread violence and looting which resulted in some 100 deaths and damage estimated at several million dollars .

37851 ; 37914 ] , but after the rescue attempt the Extraditables threatened to kill two of the remaining four , and announced the renewal of all-out war against the police .
37851 ; 37914 ] , but after the rescue [try] the extraditables threatened to kill two of the remaining four , and announced the renewal of all-out war against the police .

Those arrested included ( i ) Lt.-Col. Rodolfo Calzado , alleged to have been involved in the August 1987 coup attempt [ see pp. 35709-11 ] , who was arrested on Dec. 31 ; ( ii ) Lt.-Col. Billy Bibit , arrested by military intelligence on Jan. 17 , in connection with the December 1989 coup attempt [ see pp. 37120-21 ] ; and ( iii ) Lt. Vincente Tomas and Lt. Emil Ong , alleged to have planned a series of " destabilizing " actions to coincide with the Gulf crisis .
those arrested included ( i ) lt.-col. rodolfo calzado , alleged to have been involved in the august 1987 coup [try] [ see pp. 35709-11 ] , who was arrested on dec. 31 ; ( ii ) lt.-col. billy bibit , arrested by military intelligence on jan. 17 , in connection with the december 1989 coup [try] [ see pp. 37120-21 ] ; and ( iii ) lt. vincente tomas and lt. emil ong , alleged to have planned a series of " destabilizing " actions to coincide with the gulf crisis .

Under the terms of the Honiara accord the rebels were given immunity from prosecution , together with the promises that the government would remove its blockade and would not attempt to re-establish its troops upon the island by force .
under the terms of the honiara accord the rebels were given immunity from prosecution , together with the promises that the government would remove its blockade and would not [try] to re-establish its troops upon the island by force .

Attempt at power-sharing in Macedonia — New Serbian and Montenegrin Premiers
[try] at power-sharing in macedonia — new serbian and montenegrin premiers

King Hussein had himself undertaken a tour of major European capitals from Jan. 2 in a final attempt to prevent the outbreak of war with Iraq .
king hussein had himself undertaken a tour of major european capitals from jan. 2 in a final [try] to prevent the outbreak of war with iraq .

Initially Mitterrand pressed for a rejection of the Senate 's amendments on the grounds that they amounted to an attempt to elevate the powers of the indirectly elected Senate to those of the directly elected National Assembly .
initially mitterrand pressed for a rejection of the senate 's amendments on the grounds that they amounted to an [try] to elevate the powers of the indirectly elected senate to those of the directly elected national assembly .

Coup attempt
coup [try]

On June 18 the military-led government announced that it had pre-empted a coup attempt led by the Minister of Public Works and Transport , Col. Abbas Koty .
on june 18 the military-led government announced that it had pre-empted a coup [try] led by the minister of public works and transport , col. abbas koty .

Koty had been Defence Minister until December 1991 [ see p. 38665 ; for February 1992 coup attempt see p. 38800 ] .
koty had been defence minister until december 1991 [ see p. 38665 ; for february 1992 coup [try] see p. 38800 ] .

Many suggested that the bill was a Democrat-inspired attempt to provoke a presidential veto .
many suggested that the bill was a democrat-inspired [try] to provoke a presidential veto .

They combined to defeat the expected attempt by conservatives — in this instance , Chief Justice William Rehnquist and Justices Antonio Scalia , Byron White and Clarence Thomas — to use the case as an opportunity to overturn the Roe v. Wade precedent .
they combined to defeat the expected [try] by conservatives — in this instance , chief justice william rehnquist and justices antonio scalia , byron white and clarence thomas — to use the case as an opportunity to overturn the roe v. wade precedent .

As in the 29 other instances , an attempt by Congress to override the veto failed to muster the required two-thirds majority .
as in the 29 other instances , an [try] by congress to override the veto failed to muster the required two-thirds majority .

In an attempt to reduce reservations concerning his election , Ramos adopted a conciliatory approach during June and held talks with church leaders and politicians .
in an [try] to reduce reservations concerning his election , ramos adopted a conciliatory approach during june and held talks with church leaders and politicians .

The Sejm had passed a resolution on May 28 calling for the exposure by June 20 of former security service agents in positions of authority , but its early implementation was widely seen as an attempt by the government to retain power .
the sejm had passed a resolution on may 28 calling for the exposure by june 20 of former security service agents in positions of authority , but its early implementation was widely seen as an [try] by the government to retain power .

The Cabinet noted that the examination papers appeared to have been deliberately leaked in an attempt to shake the educational system and society at large .
the cabinet noted that the examination papers appeared to have been deliberately leaked in an [try] to shake the educational system and society at large .

He had been put on trial in May 1991 , in what was seen as an attempt to weaken the nationalist opposition .
he had been put on trial in may 1991 , in what was seen as an [try] to weaken the nationalist opposition .

According to the public prosecutor , he was arrested on Aug. 28 for a common law offence , while Sokambi 's lawyer claimed that the action was an attempt to discredit him .
according to the public prosecutor , he was arrested on aug. 28 for a common law offence , while sokambi 's lawyer claimed that the action was an [try] to discredit him .

Commentators noted that the collapse of communist power in the Soviet Union , following the August coup attempt there [ see pp .
commentators noted that the collapse of communist power in the soviet union , following the august coup [try] there [ see pp .

This followed publication of a letter from nine reformist or refondateur members of the central committee , criticising Marchais ' reaction to the Soviet coup attempt .
this followed publication of a letter from nine reformist or refondateur members of the central committee , criticising marchais ' reaction to the soviet coup [try] .

On Sept. 2 it was announced that Algeria would once again attempt to find a `` lasting political solution `` to the Tuareg question through diplomatic discussions with its neighbours .
on sept. 2 it was announced that algeria would once again [try] to find a `` lasting political solution `` to the tuareg question through diplomatic discussions with its neighbours .

However , public opposition from the Roman Catholic Church in particular and objections from Austrian Airlines to transporting the refugees led the government to announce in early December that it would attempt to find jobs for the Romanians rather than deport them .
however , public opposition from the roman catholic church in particular and objections from austrian airlines to transporting the refugees led the government to announce in early december that it would [try] to find jobs for the romanians rather than deport them .

Prime Minister Schlüter called the December 1990 elections earlier than would normally have been necessary in an attempt to obtain a firm mandate for far-reaching economic reforms .
prime minister schlüter called the december 1990 elections earlier than would normally have been necessary in an [try] to obtain a firm mandate for far-reaching economic reforms .

This was seen by some as an attempt to improve his image abroad after remarks which he had made during the presidential election campaign to the effect that he was `` untainted `` with Jewishness .
this was seen by some as an [try] to improve his image abroad after remarks which he had made during the presidential election campaign to the effect that he was `` untainted `` with jewishness .

Lt.-Gen. Jaime Milans del Bosch y Ussía , who had led the abortive coup attempt of 1981 , was released on June 30 , 1990 , after serving nine years of his 30-year sentence [ see pp .
lt.-gen. jaime milans del bosch y ussía , who had led the abortive coup [try] of 1981 , was released on june 30 , 1990 , after serving nine years of his 30-year sentence [ see pp .

An attempt to move a vote of no confidence in Yeltsin was made by Boris Isayev , one of the Deputy Chairs of the Supreme Soviet , in the closing speech of the debate on Yeltsin 's report on April 1 .
an [try] to move a vote of no confidence in yeltsin was made by boris isayev , one of the deputy chairs of the supreme soviet , in the closing speech of the debate on yeltsin 's report on april 1 .

Appointments — Reports of coup attempt
appointments — reports of coup [try]

On April 20 the Egyptian liberal opposition newspaper Al Wafd said that Abu Salih had been placed under house arrest for opposing the execution on April 16 of 20 army officers involved in a coup attempt .
on april 20 the egyptian liberal opposition newspaper al wafd said that abu salih had been placed under house arrest for opposing the execution on april 16 of 20 army officers involved in a coup [try] .

An attempt by liberal Democrat Bill Bradley to waive the rules of the previous year 's budget agreement in order to transfer 2 per cent of the defence budget to additional domestic spending was defeated by 73 votes to 22 .
an [try] by liberal democrat bill bradley to waive the rules of the previous year 's budget agreement in order to transfer 2 per cent of the defence budget to additional domestic spending was defeated by 73 votes to 22 .

The move was seen as an attempt to bolster the falling level of public support for his administration by addressing the two crucial issues of national unity and the economy .
the move was seen as an [try] to bolster the falling level of public support for his administration by addressing the two crucial issues of national unity and the economy .

The elevation of Clark and Mazankowski — both of whom were from Alberta — was seen as an attempt by Mulroney to reassure the country 's western provinces that their interests would not be sacrificed to the demands of Quebec .
the elevation of clark and mazankowski — both of whom were from alberta — was seen as an [try] by mulroney to reassure the country 's western provinces that their interests would not be sacrificed to the demands of quebec .

Motoshima had become a symbol of the right of free expression after he survived an assassination attempt by a right-wing nationalist in January 1990 .
motoshima had become a symbol of the right of free expression after he survived an assassination [try] by a right-wing nationalist in january 1990 .

The move , widely regarded as an attempt to appease the government 's right-wing critics unhappy with the slow pace of Islamic reform and with recent Gulf war policy [ see pp .
the move , widely regarded as an [try] to appease the government 's right-wing critics unhappy with the slow pace of islamic reform and with recent gulf war policy [ see pp .

His absence weakened the case against Papandreou , who dismissed the trial as an attempt by the ruling conservative New Democracy Party to discredit the socialists .
his absence weakened the case against papandreou , who dismissed the trial as an [try] by the ruling conservative new democracy party to discredit the socialists .

Assassination attempt on President of Adzharia by Vice-President
assassination [try] on president of adzharia by vice-president

Gun battles between rival gangs of inmates had left 18 prisoners dead following an unsuccessful assassination attempt on Olivero Chavez Araujo , a self-styled drug baron serving an eight-year sentence for drug trafficking .
gun battles between rival gangs of inmates had left 18 prisoners dead following an unsuccessful assassination [try] on olivero chavez araujo , a self-styled drug baron serving an eight-year sentence for drug trafficking .

The left suffered further defeats including the rejection of its attempt to make the reduction of unemployment a greater priority than the control of inflation .
the left suffered further defeats including the rejection of its [try] to make the reduction of unemployment a greater priority than the control of inflation .

Major 's difficult domestic position was one of the factors leading German Chancellor Helmut Kohl , who met Major on June 9 , and President Mitterrand of France , who had talks with Major on June 24 , to agree that the Luxembourg summit should not attempt to enforce binding decisions .
major 's difficult domestic position was one of the factors leading german chancellor helmut kohl , who met major on june 9 , and president mitterrand of france , who had talks with major on june 24 , to agree that the luxembourg summit should not [try] to enforce binding decisions .

The attempt to impose stricter limits on arms exports followed criticism at the time of the Gulf War of German weapons sales to Iraq over a long period [ see pp .
the [try] to impose stricter limits on arms exports followed criticism at the time of the gulf war of german weapons sales to iraq over a long period [ see pp .

Statements on Markov killing and papal assassination attempt
statements on markov killing and papal assassination [try]

The outcome was a humiliation for Walesa when , on June 28 , members voted to override his second attempt to block the legislation .
the outcome was a humiliation for walesa when , on june 28 , members voted to override his second [try] to block the legislation .

There were few dramatic new developments during October in the Gulf crisis as such , the continuing build-up of the United States-dominated military response taking place against a background of diplomatic activity , of which the most notable feature was an apparently unsuccessful Soviet attempt to find some basis for a peace initiative .
there were few dramatic new developments during october in the gulf crisis as such , the continuing build-up of the united states-dominated military response taking place against a background of diplomatic activity , of which the most notable feature was an apparently unsuccessful soviet [try] to find some basis for a peace initiative .

Within hours of the killings Israeli Prime Minister Itzhak Shamir had accused Palestinians of provoking the police into the shootings by carrying out a planned attack on Jewish worshippers in an attempt to divert world attention from the Gulf crisis .
within hours of the killings israeli prime minister itzhak shamir had accused palestinians of provoking the police into the shootings by carrying out a planned attack on jewish worshippers in an [try] to divert world attention from the gulf crisis .

Alleged coup attempt
alleged coup [try]

Although in control of the divisional command post , the rebels made no attempt to seize the remainder of the camp which was defended by some 200 loyal troops .
although in control of the divisional command post , the rebels made no [try] to seize the remainder of the camp which was defended by some 200 loyal troops .

Addressing the Russian Federation Supreme Soviet , he described the compromise programme as `` an attempt to preserve the administrative-bureaucratic system `` which would `` lead the country to catastrophe `` , and accused the central authorities of deliberately sabotaging the Russian Federation 's plan to proceed with the Shatalin programme from Nov. 1 .
addressing the russian federation supreme soviet , he described the compromise programme as `` an [try] to preserve the administrative-bureaucratic system `` which would `` lead the country to catastrophe `` , and accused the central authorities of deliberately sabotaging the russian federation 's plan to proceed with the shatalin programme from nov. 1 .

He addressed a crowd of his civilian supporters at Baabda on Oct. 12 , when he only narrowly escaped an assassination attempt .
he addressed a crowd of his civilian supporters at baabda on oct. 12 , when he only narrowly escaped an assassination [try] .

The agreement came in the wake of a fourth attempt , in as many weeks , to reach a consensus among members .
the agreement came in the wake of a fourth [try] , in as many weeks , to reach a consensus among members .

On Dec. 15 , in an attempt to reduce tension , Jawara went to Dakar , the capital of Senegal , for talks with Senegalese President Abdou Diouf .
on dec. 15 , in an [try] to reduce tension , jawara went to dakar , the capital of senegal , for talks with senegalese president abdou diouf .

The Council of State on Jan. 20 , 1990 , granted an amnesty to 22 of those detained for their part in the coup attempt of Oct. 17 , 1985 [ see p. 34217 ] ; 16 were freed unconditionally , while the remainder , who had been sentenced to death and had had their sentences commuted to 15 years ' imprisonment , remained under house arrest .
the council of state on jan. 20 , 1990 , granted an amnesty to 22 of those detained for their part in the coup [try] of oct. 17 , 1985 [ see p. 34217 ] ; 16 were freed unconditionally , while the remainder , who had been sentenced to death and had had their sentences commuted to 15 years ' imprisonment , remained under house arrest .

Six people had been executed in 1986 for their part in the attempt .
six people had been executed in 1986 for their part in the [try] .

The main beneficiaries were those convicted in May 1987 of involvement in a coup attempt led by a former Prime Minister , Col. Diarra Traore , in July 1985 [ see p. 35435 ] .
the main beneficiaries were those convicted in may 1987 of involvement in a coup [try] led by a former prime minister , col. diarra traore , in july 1985 [ see p. 35435 ] .

Inquiry into coup attempt — Further arrests
inquiry into coup [try] — further arrests

The former Armed Forces Commander , Lt.-Gen. Arnold Quainoo , had been removed from his post shortly after the September 1989 alleged coup attempt and his responsibilities assumed by Rawlings [ see p. 36967 ] .
the former armed forces commander , lt.-gen. arnold quainoo , had been removed from his post shortly after the september 1989 alleged coup [try] and his responsibilities assumed by rawlings [ see p. 36967 ] .

Aftermath of coup attempt
aftermath of coup [try]

Between 400 and 500 people including about 200 civilians were reported to have been arrested in the wake of the abortive April 22 , 1990 , coup attempt [ see p. 37367 ] .
between 400 and 500 people including about 200 civilians were reported to have been arrested in the wake of the abortive april 22 , 1990 , coup [try] [ see p. 37367 ] .

Many of those detained after the attempt were quickly released .
many of those detained after the [try] were quickly released .

Ten military officers , including Maj. Gideon Orkar , the apparent leader of the attempt , went on trial charged with treason at the first session of the military tribunal set up to deal with offenders on May 21 .
ten military officers , including maj. gideon orkar , the apparent leader of the [try] , went on trial charged with treason at the first session of the military tribunal set up to deal with offenders on may 21 .

Three soldiers accused of involvement in a coup attempt against Kerekou in March 1988 [ see p. 36267 ] escaped from prison in Cotonou on Jan. 31 , 1990 .
three soldiers accused of involvement in a coup [try] against kerekou in march 1988 [ see p. 36267 ] escaped from prison in cotonou on jan. 31 , 1990 .

The attempt was said to have been led by former Minister of Territorial Administration Maj. Lamine Diabira ; eight other officers were reported to have been arrested .
the [try] was said to have been led by former minister of territorial administration maj. lamine diabira ; eight other officers were reported to have been arrested .

Apparent coup attempt
apparent coup [try]

Reports quoting diplomats in Abidjan , the capital , said that the general 's claim that disaffected civilians were behind the affair seemed to be an attempt to discredit the opposition .
reports quoting diplomats in abidjan , the capital , said that the general 's claim that disaffected civilians were behind the affair seemed to be an [try] to discredit the opposition .

In an attempt to prevent any repetition of the campaign which led to the Bork 's rejection , the Bush administration — together with Thomas 's supporters in Congress , led by Danforth — undertook an intensive lobbying campaign in his favour .
in an [try] to prevent any repetition of the campaign which led to the bork 's rejection , the bush administration — together with thomas 's supporters in congress , led by danforth — undertook an intensive lobbying campaign in his favour .

He was found guilty of staging a coup attempt in January to prevent Fr Jean-Bertrand Aristide , the country 's first democratically elected President , from taking office [ see p. 37955 ] .
he was found guilty of staging a coup [try] in january to prevent fr jean-bertrand aristide , the country 's first democratically elected president , from taking office [ see p. 37955 ] .

Alleged coup attempt
alleged coup [try]

Parliament was re-opened on July 27 , one year after it was damaged in a six-day siege during a coup attempt [ see pp .
parliament was re-opened on july 27 , one year after it was damaged in a six-day siege during a coup [try] [ see pp .

In an attempt to disrupt tourism , the guerrillas also blasted a huge crater in the runway of the international airport of Cartagena on the Caribbean coast .
in an [try] to disrupt tourism , the guerrillas also blasted a huge crater in the runway of the international airport of cartagena on the caribbean coast .

It was expected that from now on the government would attempt to distance itself from any further scandals in the run-up to the autumn 's critical gubernatorial and congressional elections .
it was expected that from now on the government would [try] to distance itself from any further scandals in the run-up to the autumn 's critical gubernatorial and congressional elections .

Report of coup attempt — Devaluation of riel
report of coup [try] — devaluation of riel

Kyodo news agency , citing `` informed Vietnamese sources `` , reported on July 27 that a group led by Chea Sim had staged a coup attempt in Phnom Penh .
kyodo news agency , citing `` informed vietnamese sources `` , reported on july 27 that a group led by chea sim had staged a coup [try] in phnom penh .

New measures including the distribution of free contraceptives and ration cuts for families with more than three children , were announced on July 14 in an attempt to curb the country 's annual growth rate of 3.9 per cent which had raised the country 's total population to almost 60,000,000 .
new measures including the distribution of free contraceptives and ration cuts for families with more than three children , were announced on july 14 in an [try] to curb the country 's annual growth rate of 3.9 per cent which had raised the country 's total population to almost 60,000,000 .

Although demonstrators taunted the troops , no attempt was made to breach the cordon , and shortly afterwards the demonstrators began to disperse .
although demonstrators taunted the troops , no [try] was made to breach the cordon , and shortly afterwards the demonstrators began to disperse .

Over 60 people detained in connection with a November 1990 coup attempt were released on March 2 .
over 60 people detained in connection with a november 1990 coup [try] were released on march 2 .

Both the Albanian government and the opposition parties denounced the departures as an attempt to disrupt the March 31 elections .
both the albanian government and the opposition parties denounced the departures as an [try] to disrupt the march 31 elections .

In a heated debate in parliament , most of the deputies concerned denied the allegation , arguing variously that their names had appeared in StB files by mistake , as a result of blackmail or as part of an attempt to frame them .
in a heated debate in parliament , most of the deputies concerned denied the allegation , arguing variously that their names had appeared in stb files by mistake , as a result of blackmail or as part of an [try] to frame them .

Turkish President Turgut Özal , speaking on March 10 during a thee-day visit to Turkey by Iranian First Vice-President Hasan Habibi , was quoted as saying that any attempt to safeguard regional Gulf security would be " meaningless " without Iranian participation .
turkish president turgut özal , speaking on march 10 during a thee-day visit to turkey by iranian first vice-president hasan habibi , was quoted as saying that any [try] to safeguard regional gulf security would be " meaningless " without iranian participation .

The King 's speech was therefore widely regarded as an attempt to halt Jordan 's drift into regional isolation .
the king 's speech was therefore widely regarded as an [try] to halt jordan 's drift into regional isolation .

Murr escaped an assassination attempt on his way to the March 20 Cabinet meeting where the plan to disband the militias was to be approved .
murr escaped an assassination [try] on his way to the march 20 cabinet meeting where the plan to disband the militias was to be approved .

Gen. Oufkir was a former Defence Minister who reportedly committed suicide shortly after leading an attempt in August 1972 to assassinate King Hassan by shooting down the royal jet [ see pp .
gen. oufkir was a former defence minister who reportedly committed suicide shortly after leading an [try] in august 1972 to assassinate king hassan by shooting down the royal jet [ see pp .

In the first attempt soldiers entered the radio station and ordered a journalist to read a communiqué demanding the resignation of the Prime Minister , Koukou Koffigoh , who had been elected by the national conference on Aug. 27 [ ibid . ]
in the first [try] soldiers entered the radio station and ordered a journalist to read a communiqué demanding the resignation of the prime minister , koukou koffigoh , who had been elected by the national conference on aug. 27 [ ibid . ]

Coup attempt — Arrest of Interior Minister
coup [try] — arrest of interior minister

Courts-martial followingcoup attempt
courts-martial followingcoup [try]

In early October a closed military court in Khartoum was hearing the cases of nine army officers , four retired soldiers and two civilians who were accused of involvement in the August coup attempt [ see p. 38380 ] .
in early october a closed military court in khartoum was hearing the cases of nine army officers , four retired soldiers and two civilians who were accused of involvement in the august coup [try] [ see p. 38380 ] .

They were said to face summary execution if found guilty of complicity in what had been the fifth rumoured coup attempt since the military took power in June 1989 .
they were said to face summary execution if found guilty of complicity in what had been the fifth rumoured coup [try] since the military took power in june 1989 .

On Sept. 16 the general army command had announced that the leaders of the August coup attempt had confessed in the presence of judges .
on sept. 16 the general army command had announced that the leaders of the august coup [try] had confessed in the presence of judges .

By deepening the partisan rift , the Thomas affair also cast its shadow over the Senate 's attempt to override the President , which failed to achieve the necessary two-thirds majority by two votes on Oct. 16 .
by deepening the partisan rift , the thomas affair also cast its shadow over the senate 's [try] to override the president , which failed to achieve the necessary two-thirds majority by two votes on oct. 16 .

In an attempt to counter public criticism , Prime Minister Michael Manley , addressing parliament in early October , stated that the government would support a `` micro-investment `` programme , to be launched by the Micro-Investment Development Agency ( Mida ) on Oct. 8 .
in an [try] to counter public criticism , prime minister michael manley , addressing parliament in early october , stated that the government would support a `` micro-investment `` programme , to be launched by the micro-investment development agency ( mida ) on oct. 8 .

Alleged coup attempt
alleged coup [try]

Leaders of several political parties were reported to have convened meetings with interest groups outside the Congress in an attempt to avert political chaos and to draft an alternative `` consensus `` proposal to be presented to Collor `` within the next few weeks `` .
leaders of several political parties were reported to have convened meetings with interest groups outside the congress in an [try] to avert political chaos and to draft an alternative `` consensus `` proposal to be presented to collor `` within the next few weeks `` .

Sali Berisha was elected chairman by 449 votes to 98 , despite an attempt by his opponents to persuade him to step down as leader .
sali berisha was elected chairman by 449 votes to 98 , despite an [try] by his opponents to persuade him to step down as leader .

For the first time bids were by competitive tender , a highly controversial system introduced by the government in an attempt to increase competition .
for the first time bids were by competitive tender , a highly controversial system introduced by the government in an [try] to increase competition .

Reports of coup attempt and political unrest
reports of coup [try] and political unrest

In the House , a decision was delayed whilst Democrats and Republicans negotiated in an unsuccessful attempt to reach a consensus over the scope and procedures of the inquiry .
in the house , a decision was delayed whilst democrats and republicans negotiated in an unsuccessful [try] to reach a consensus over the scope and procedures of the inquiry .

Luis Miguel Almeida and René Salmerón Mendoza were executed by firing squad on Feb. 19 , having been convicted of killing four policemen at the Tarara naval base on Jan. 8 during an unsuccessful attempt to steal a vessel and escape from Cuba to Miami [ see p. 38715 ] .
luis miguel almeida and rené salmerón mendoza were executed by firing squad on feb. 19 , having been convicted of killing four policemen at the tarara naval base on jan. 8 during an unsuccessful [try] to steal a vessel and escape from cuba to miami [ see p. 38715 ] .

Rebel army units led by a parachute regiment failed in an attempt to overthrow the government during the night of Feb. 3-4 just as President Carlos Andrés Pérez returned from Switzerland .
rebel army units led by a parachute regiment failed in an [try] to overthrow the government during the night of feb. 3-4 just as president carlos andrés pérez returned from switzerland .

Discontent appeared to be widespread in the armed forces and , according to the president of the congressional defence committee , between 15 and 20 per cent of the armed forces supported the attempt ; other army sources put the level of support even higher .
discontent appeared to be widespread in the armed forces and , according to the president of the congressional defence committee , between 15 and 20 per cent of the armed forces supported the [try] ; other army sources put the level of support even higher .

After the attempt various constitutional clauses were suspended and press and television censorship was imposed for the first time in over 30 years to exclude media coverage of coup leader Chávez Frías .
after the [try] various constitutional clauses were suspended and press and television censorship was imposed for the first time in over 30 years to exclude media coverage of coup leader chávez frías .

Cabinet changes prior to coup attempt — Further changes in late February
cabinet changes prior to coup [try] — further changes in late february

On Feb. 22-23 an officially commissioned report on the 1947 massacre of civilians by government troops [ see pp. 38741-42 ] was released in an attempt to end controversy over one of Taiwan 's most divisive political issues , discussion of which was until recently banned .
on feb. 22-23 an officially commissioned report on the 1947 massacre of civilians by government troops [ see pp. 38741-42 ] was released in an [try] to end controversy over one of taiwan 's most divisive political issues , discussion of which was until recently banned .

Speakers at the demonstration included a former general , Albert Makashov , dismissed after the August 1991 coup attempt , Col. Viktor Alksnis , and the leader of the Liberal Democratic Party , Vladimir Zhirinovsky , who had been a candidate in the Russian presidential elections of June 1991 [ see p. 38273 ] .
speakers at the demonstration included a former general , albert makashov , dismissed after the august 1991 coup [try] , col. viktor alksnis , and the leader of the liberal democratic party , vladimir zhirinovsky , who had been a candidate in the russian presidential elections of june 1991 [ see p. 38273 ] .

Reynolds held talks with leading politicians on Feb. 19 , in an attempt to find cross-party agreement on the case , but made it clear that a referendum to dilute the constitutional clause on abortion would be avoided if possible .
reynolds held talks with leading politicians on feb. 19 , in an [try] to find cross-party agreement on the case , but made it clear that a referendum to dilute the constitutional clause on abortion would be avoided if possible .

An attempt had been made to sell this document to a Sunday newspaper , and Ashdown had secured a `` gagging `` injunction preventing mention of anything to do with the matter .
an [try] had been made to sell this document to a sunday newspaper , and ashdown had secured a `` gagging `` injunction preventing mention of anything to do with the matter .

Although the statement did not give further details , other official sources confirmed that soldiers who saw a Palestinian carrying a firearm , a knife or other lethal weapon might open fire without further warning `` in an attempt to stop him `` .
although the statement did not give further details , other official sources confirmed that soldiers who saw a palestinian carrying a firearm , a knife or other lethal weapon might open fire without further warning `` in an [try] to stop him `` .

However , the Egyptian magazine Sada al-Usbu reported that a coup attempt involving 90 army officers led by Brig .
however , the egyptian magazine sada al-usbu reported that a coup [try] involving 90 army officers led by brig .

Attempt to discredit imprisoned dissident
[try] to discredit imprisoned dissident

Egyptian newspapers had carried reports on Feb. 2 and 3 claiming that the security services had foiled a " sabotage attempt " by " Egyptian extremist groups " allegedly linked with the National Islamic Front in Sudan and financed by Iranian services .
egyptian newspapers had carried reports on feb. 2 and 3 claiming that the security services had foiled a " sabotage [try] " by " egyptian extremist groups " allegedly linked with the national islamic front in sudan and financed by iranian services .

President Gamul Abdel Nasser had dissolved the organization after a failed coup attempt in Alexandria in which he claimed it was involved .
president gamul abdel nasser had dissolved the organization after a failed coup [try] in alexandria in which he claimed it was involved .

There had been fierce resistance when an attempt was made on May 6 forcibly to remove 120 female Sendero prisoners to another prison .
there had been fierce resistance when an [try] was made on may 6 forcibly to remove 120 female sendero prisoners to another prison .

As part of Fujimori 's attempt to crack down on Sendero Luminoso , prison terms for guerrilla offences were increased on May 5 , and the penal code was significantly modified , eliminating a clause dealing specifically with `` disappearances `` .
as part of fujimori 's [try] to crack down on sendero luminoso , prison terms for guerrilla offences were increased on may 5 , and the penal code was significantly modified , eliminating a clause dealing specifically with `` disappearances `` .

In an attempt to halt the confusion arising from different media tallies , Comelec had prohibited all unauthorized vote counts as of midday on May 15 .
in an [try] to halt the confusion arising from different media tallies , comelec had prohibited all unauthorized vote counts as of midday on may 15 .

The paralysis of the minority governing coalition had intensified in May , following the unsuccessful attempt in April to create a `` 10-party coalition `` [ see p. 38881 ] .
the paralysis of the minority governing coalition had intensified in may , following the unsuccessful [try] in april to create a `` 10-party coalition `` [ see p. 38881 ] .

This ran counter to the 1956 law granting abortion on demand ( with amendments in 1990 requiring approval from three doctors for abortions in state hospitals ) , and Poland 's ombudsman , Tadeusz Zielinski , began a campaign against the new code , calling it an `` attempt to undermine the state 's legal order `` .
this ran counter to the 1956 law granting abortion on demand ( with amendments in 1990 requiring approval from three doctors for abortions in state hospitals ) , and poland 's ombudsman , tadeusz zielinski , began a campaign against the new code , calling it an `` [try] to undermine the state 's legal order `` .

Gen. Grachev , who had hitherto been Yeltsin 's deputy Defence Minister , had played a key role in the military opposition to the coup attempt in August 1991 [ see p. 38369 ] .
gen. grachev , who had hitherto been yeltsin 's deputy defence minister , had played a key role in the military opposition to the coup [try] in august 1991 [ see p. 38369 ] .

Armenian efforts were then directed towards an attack on the city of Lachin — situated outside Karabakh to the south-west — in an attempt to capitalize on their victory against Shusha by breaking a corridor through Azerbaijani territory to connect Nagorny Karabakh with Armenia proper .
armenian efforts were then directed towards an attack on the city of lachin — situated outside karabakh to the south-west — in an [try] to capitalize on their victory against shusha by breaking a corridor through azerbaijani territory to connect nagorny karabakh with armenia proper .

Three more people were sentenced to death by a military court at Blida , 50 km south-west of Algiers , on May 6 in connection with an attempt in mid-February to seize arms from a naval dry dock in Algiers .
three more people were sentenced to death by a military court at blida , 50 km south-west of algiers , on may 6 in connection with an [try] in mid-february to seize arms from a naval dry dock in algiers .

In the course of December a series of developments indicated that Gorbachev 's position had shifted to the right , partly under the pressure from conservative and authoritarian forces to tackle the economic crisis and collapsing law and order , and partly in an attempt to forestall the country 's disintegration .
in the course of december a series of developments indicated that gorbachev 's position had shifted to the right , partly under the pressure from conservative and authoritarian forces to tackle the economic crisis and collapsing law and order , and partly in an [try] to forestall the country 's disintegration .

He had been in exile , however , since leading an unsuccessful coup attempt in April 1989 [ see p. 36581 ] .
he had been in exile , however , since leading an unsuccessful coup [try] in april 1989 [ see p. 36581 ] .

An attempt to hold elections in 1987 had been abandoned after polling stations were attacked by members of the Tontons Macoutes , the remnants of the Duvaliers ' much feared and hated private army .
an [try] to hold elections in 1987 had been abandoned after polling stations were attacked by members of the tontons macoutes , the remnants of the duvaliers ' much feared and hated private army .

Alleged coup attempt
alleged coup [try]

The Armed Forces Prosecutor Gen. Carlos Domínguez on Dec. 18 asked the Armed Forces Supreme Council to approve death sentences on Seineldin and four other leaders of the coup attempt .
the armed forces prosecutor gen. carlos domínguez on dec. 18 asked the armed forces supreme council to approve death sentences on seineldin and four other leaders of the coup [try] .

Darci Alves confessed to sole responsibility , in what was seen as an attempt to get his father acquitted , but a key prosecution witness , Genesio Ferreira da Silva , 15 , a former employee and relative of the Alves family , stated that he had overheard both of them plotting the murder and that they had celebrated its successful execution with a barbecue .
darci alves confessed to sole responsibility , in what was seen as an [try] to get his father acquitted , but a key prosecution witness , genesio ferreira da silva , 15 , a former employee and relative of the alves family , stated that he had overheard both of them plotting the murder and that they had celebrated its successful execution with a barbecue .

It was reported on Dec. 17 that Aquino had dismissed from the Cabinet Trade and Industry Secretary José Concepcion , one of her closest allies , in an attempt to counter growing criticism of her government .
it was reported on dec. 17 that aquino had dismissed from the cabinet trade and industry secretary josé concepcion , one of her closest allies , in an [try] to counter growing criticism of her government .

Biazon had been given much of the credit for the successful loyalist defence of Camp Aguinaldo during the December 1989 coup attempt [ see pp .
biazon had been given much of the credit for the successful loyalist defence of camp aguinaldo during the december 1989 coup [try] [ see pp .

38419-20 ) , sent observers , but internal power struggles ( including the attempt to depose the Georgian President , Zviad Gamsakhurdia ) , prevented Georgia 's participation .
38419-20 ) , sent observers , but internal power struggles ( including the [try] to depose the georgian president , zviad gamsakhurdia ) , prevented georgia 's participation .

Yeltsin and Gorbachev had held separate meetings with military commanders on Dec. 11 , apparently in an attempt to ensure armed forces support for the new Commonwealth .
yeltsin and gorbachev had held separate meetings with military commanders on dec. 11 , apparently in an [try] to ensure armed forces support for the new commonwealth .

Foreigners would be allowed to take part in the privatization on equal terms with Russian citizens , in an attempt to encourage hard-currency investment .
foreigners would be allowed to take part in the privatization on equal terms with russian citizens , in an [try] to encourage hard-currency investment .

President Joao Bernardo Vieira on Dec. 27 appointed Carlos Correia , hitherto Minister of State for Rural Development and Agriculture , to the revived post of Prime Minister ; it had been abolished in 1984 following allegations of a government coup attempt [ see pp. 32899-900 ] .
president joao bernardo vieira on dec. 27 appointed carlos correia , hitherto minister of state for rural development and agriculture , to the revived post of prime minister ; it had been abolished in 1984 following allegations of a government coup [try] [ see pp. 32899-900 ] .

Ten army officers sentenced to death in connection with the coup attempt of the previous August [ see p. 38380 ] had their sentences commuted to life imprisonment on Dec. 3 .
ten army officers sentenced to death in connection with the coup [try] of the previous august [ see p. 38380 ] had their sentences commuted to life imprisonment on dec. 3 .

This controversial political lineage caused the Republican Party establishment to disown him , and in several states there were plans to attempt to prevent his name from appearing on the ballot papers .
this controversial political lineage caused the republican party establishment to disown him , and in several states there were plans to [try] to prevent his name from appearing on the ballot papers .

On Dec. 6 , in what was widely interpreted as a desperate attempt to revitalize his government , Hawke replaced Treasurer John Kerin with Ralph Willis , hitherto Finance Minister .
on dec. 6 , in what was widely interpreted as a desperate [try] to revitalize his government , hawke replaced treasurer john kerin with ralph willis , hitherto finance minister .

In an attempt to reduce the country 's crippling budget deficit the plenum agreed to abolish all subsidies to state enterprises .
in an [try] to reduce the country 's crippling budget deficit the plenum agreed to abolish all subsidies to state enterprises .

Coup attempt
coup [try]

This was the third military attempt to oust Prime Minister Joseph Koukou Koffigoh since his election in August by the national conference which had stripped President Gnassingbe Eyadema of all executive power [ see pp .
this was the third military [try] to oust prime minister joseph koukou koffigoh since his election in august by the national conference which had stripped president gnassingbe eyadema of all executive power [ see pp .

Giving evidence at a judicial tribunal into Ouko 's killing , Troon said that Ouko 's attempt to expose governmental corruption and a dispute with Biwott had been the reasons for his murder .
giving evidence at a judicial tribunal into ouko 's killing , troon said that ouko 's [try] to expose governmental corruption and a dispute with biwott had been the reasons for his murder .

Troon , who had first presented the government with the findings of his investigation in September 1990 , also stated that he believed that there had been an attempt by Biwott and top-level security officials to hamper his investigations .
troon , who had first presented the government with the findings of his investigation in september 1990 , also stated that he believed that there had been an [try] by biwott and top-level security officials to hamper his investigations .

The deteriorating situation in Haiti prompted many poor people to attempt to flee the country by sea in small boats .
the deteriorating situation in haiti prompted many poor people to [try] to flee the country by sea in small boats .

Many of the returnees resisted , and had to be carried on to the aircraft by police amidst scuffles , but officials said that `` minimum compulsion `` had been used , in contrast to the violence which had marked the only previous forced repatriation attempt in December 1989 [ see p. 37121-22 ] .
many of the returnees resisted , and had to be carried on to the aircraft by police amidst scuffles , but officials said that `` minimum compulsion `` had been used , in contrast to the violence which had marked the only previous forced repatriation [try] in december 1989 [ see p. 37121-22 ] .

His supporters hijacked an internal Soviet flight on Nov. 8 and forced it to fly to Ankara , in an attempt to publicize their cause .
his supporters hijacked an internal soviet flight on nov. 8 and forced it to fly to ankara , in an [try] to publicize their cause .

There was a further emigration attempt from the port of Durrës on Nov. 5 .
there was a further emigration [try] from the port of durrës on nov. 5 .

The Democratic Party on Nov. 21 denounced the shortage of newsprint — which had prevented the publication of any newspapers for most of November — as a government attempt to control the media .
the democratic party on nov. 21 denounced the shortage of newsprint — which had prevented the publication of any newspapers for most of november — as a government [try] to control the media .

After an attempt by former Solidarity parties to form a government had ended in failure , the centre-right agreed to form a coalition led by Jan Olszewski of the Centre Alliance , a development resisted by President Lech Walesa .
after an [try] by former solidarity parties to form a government had ended in failure , the centre-right agreed to form a coalition led by jan olszewski of the centre alliance , a development resisted by president lech walesa .

Reynolds said that he would support a formal attempt to oust the Prime Minister and on Nov. 8 said that he would seek the Fianna Fáil leadership if Haughey was defeated .
reynolds said that he would support a formal [try] to oust the prime minister and on nov. 8 said that he would seek the fianna fáil leadership if haughey was defeated .

Russian President Boris Yeltsin visited Germany on Nov. 21-23 ( his first foreign visit since the August coup attempt in the Soviet Union ) .
russian president boris yeltsin visited germany on nov. 21-23 ( his first foreign visit since the august coup [try] in the soviet union ) .

Also in March the government ordered confiscated property to be returned to private ownership in an attempt to revive the private sector [ see p. 37453 ] and in May announced the redrafting of existing laws to encourage private and foreign investment [ see p. 37453 ] .
also in march the government ordered confiscated property to be returned to private ownership in an [try] to revive the private sector [ see p. 37453 ] and in may announced the redrafting of existing laws to encourage private and foreign investment [ see p. 37453 ] .

Chandra Shekhar 's short-lived government made an attempt to open negotiations with militant Sikhs on the future of the state .
chandra shekhar 's short-lived government made an [try] to open negotiations with militant sikhs on the future of the state .

The result of the local elections accelerated Kim Dae Jung 's attempt to unite all elements of the anti-Roh opposition within a single party .
the result of the local elections accelerated kim dae jung 's [try] to unite all elements of the anti-roh opposition within a single party .

In an attempt to rally domestic support and to placate the United States government ( upon which his regime was heavily dependent ) , Marcos agreed to hold a Presidential election in February 1986 .
in an [try] to rally domestic support and to placate the united states government ( upon which his regime was heavily dependent ) , marcos agreed to hold a presidential election in february 1986 .

The case arose from Beltran 's claim that Aquino had hidden under her bed during a coup attempt .
the case arose from beltran 's claim that aquino had hidden under her bed during a coup [try] .

Throughout the first half of 1990 there were continuing reverberations from the December 1989 coup attempt — the most serious to date [ see pp .
throughout the first half of 1990 there were continuing reverberations from the december 1989 coup [try] — the most serious to date [ see pp .

In October 1990 another prominent participant in the coup attempt , Col. Alexander Noble , emerged from hiding to lead a revolt on Mindanao .
in october 1990 another prominent participant in the coup [try] , col. alexander noble , emerged from hiding to lead a revolt on mindanao .

The December 1989 coup attempt and the abortive revolts which followed it damaged international investor confidence in the Philippines .
the december 1989 coup [try] and the abortive revolts which followed it damaged international investor confidence in the philippines .

The following month he enlarged his coalition , incorporating Puangchon Chao Thai , the party of former Army `` strongman `` Gen. Arthit Kamlang-Ek , and reshuffled his Cabinet in an attempt to deflect increasingly damaging allegations of corruption .
the following month he enlarged his coalition , incorporating puangchon chao thai , the party of former army `` strongman `` gen. arthit kamlang-ek , and reshuffled his cabinet in an [try] to deflect increasingly damaging allegations of corruption .

In so doing , however , the party lost its leader , Janine Haines , who gave up her seat in the Senate in an unsuccessful attempt to win a seat in the House of Representatives ( in which the party had no members ) .
in so doing , however , the party lost its leader , janine haines , who gave up her seat in the senate in an unsuccessful [try] to win a seat in the house of representatives ( in which the party had no members ) .

In an attempt to continue funding its advanced welfare state , successive governments had borrowed overseas to finance budget deficits , while also presiding over one of the most heavily regulated economies in the capitalist world .
in an [try] to continue funding its advanced welfare state , successive governments had borrowed overseas to finance budget deficits , while also presiding over one of the most heavily regulated economies in the capitalist world .

Speaking at a rally on `` Shaka Day `` ( celebrating a Zulu hero ) , and brandishing a number of `` traditional `` weapons , Buthelezi declared that any attempt by the government to disarm Inkatha would be defied and that fencing around migrant worker hostels , largely Inkatha strongholds , would be destroyed .
speaking at a rally on `` shaka day `` ( celebrating a zulu hero ) , and brandishing a number of `` traditional `` weapons , buthelezi declared that any [try] by the government to disarm inkatha would be defied and that fencing around migrant worker hostels , largely inkatha strongholds , would be destroyed .

Peace talks had begun in Arusha on July 10 , following a preparatory meeting in Paris a month earlier , in an attempt to end the rebellion which had begun in October 1990 [ see pp .
peace talks had begun in arusha on july 10 , following a preparatory meeting in paris a month earlier , in an [try] to end the rebellion which had begun in october 1990 [ see pp .

According to Radio Française d'Outre-Mer on the nearby French-administered island of Mayotte , about 30 officers were involved in the coup attempt , led by Lt. Abderamane Abdallah and Lt. Cheikh Abdallah , sons of the former President , Ahmed Abdallah Abderrahman , who was assassinated on Nov. 27 , 1989 , in the coup which brought Djohar to power [ see pp. 37033-34 ] .
according to radio française d'outre-mer on the nearby french-administered island of mayotte , about 30 officers were involved in the coup [try] , led by lt. abderamane abdallah and lt. cheikh abdallah , sons of the former president , ahmed abdallah abderrahman , who was assassinated on nov. 27 , 1989 , in the coup which brought djohar to power [ see pp. 37033-34 ] .

While not binding , the national referendum was seen as an attempt to increase the likelihood of unanimous provincial ratification and , thereby , to prevent the deal from suffering a fate similar to that of its Meech Lake predecessor .
while not binding , the national referendum was seen as an [try] to increase the likelihood of unanimous provincial ratification and , thereby , to prevent the deal from suffering a fate similar to that of its meech lake predecessor .

In an attempt to avoid rural unrest , Chamorro confirmed that it would be impossible to return land confiscated and distributed among peasants who now held legal title or that which had been confiscated for important public purposes .
in an [try] to avoid rural unrest , chamorro confirmed that it would be impossible to return land confiscated and distributed among peasants who now held legal title or that which had been confiscated for important public purposes .

During his visit Xu met with the nominal leader of the Khmers Rouges , Khieu Samphan , but apparently failed in his attempt to persuade the Chinese-backed faction to rejoin the peace process .
during his visit xu met with the nominal leader of the khmers rouges , khieu samphan , but apparently failed in his [try] to persuade the chinese-backed faction to rejoin the peace process .

On Sept. 15 the government raised petroleum prices by 18 per cent in an attempt to reduce the fiscal deficit .
on sept. 15 the government raised petroleum prices by 18 per cent in an [try] to reduce the fiscal deficit .

Saddam claimed on Sept. 2 that Iraq had repelled an Iranian attempt to infiltrate the southern marshes , and on Sept 8 he warned that Iraq would `` inflict losses on anyone trying to tamper with its unity `` .
saddam claimed on sept. 2 that iraq had repelled an iranian [try] to infiltrate the southern marshes , and on sept 8 he warned that iraq would `` inflict losses on anyone trying to tamper with its unity `` .

Coup attempt
coup [try]

In the second coup attempt of the year , dissident members of the military on Nov. 27 seized important air force bases — the Libertador base in Maracay , west of the capital , Caracas , and the Francisco de Miranda base in eastern Caracas — as well as La Carlota military and commuter airfield .
in the second coup [try] of the year , dissident members of the military on nov. 27 seized important air force bases — the libertador base in maracay , west of the capital , caracas , and the francisco de miranda base in eastern caracas — as well as la carlota military and commuter airfield .

Reportedly involved in the coup attempt were elements of the air force , navy , National Guard and , to a small extent , the army .
reportedly involved in the coup [try] were elements of the air force , navy , national guard and , to a small extent , the army .

On Nov. 29 the Defence Minister , Gen. Iván Jiménez Sánchez , reported that 142 civilians and 27 members of the armed forces had been killed . He identified 10 senior members of the armed forces as being behind the coup attempt , including two rear admirals — Hernán Gruber Odreman and Luis Cabrera Aguirre
on nov. 29 the defence minister , gen. iván jiménez sánchez , reported that 142 civilians and 27 members of the armed forces had been killed . he identified 10 senior members of the armed forces as being behind the coup [try] , including two rear admirals — hernán gruber odreman and luis cabrera aguirre

The Governor of Caracas , Antonio Ledezma , reported that 100 prisoners had been killed and 200 injured at the Catia prison in western Caracas , after troops quashed a mass escape attempt sparked by the coup .
the governor of caracas , antonio ledezma , reported that 100 prisoners had been killed and 200 injured at the catia prison in western caracas , after troops quashed a mass escape [try] sparked by the coup .

The Rio Group , along with a special meeting of the Organization of American States , had condemned the coup attempt in a statement issued on Nov 27 .
the rio group , along with a special meeting of the organization of american states , had condemned the coup [try] in a statement issued on nov 27 .

Coup attempt prior to elections
coup [try] prior to elections

Fujimori alleged that the plotters had intended to assassinate him , but the coup attempt fizzled out after widespread support failed to materialise and after senior officers apparently loyal to Fujimori sent armoured units to defend the presidential palace .
fujimori alleged that the plotters had intended to assassinate him , but the coup [try] fizzled out after widespread support failed to materialise and after senior officers apparently loyal to fujimori sent armoured units to defend the presidential palace .

According to a statement received by the weekly Oiga , Salinas accepted responsibility for the coup attempt and declared that its aim had been to hand over the presidency to Máximo San Román Cáceres , Fujimori 's dismissed First Vice-President named `` constitutional president `` by the dissolved Congress [ see p. 38846 ] .
according to a statement received by the weekly oiga , salinas accepted responsibility for the coup [try] and declared that its aim had been to hand over the presidency to máximo san román cáceres , fujimori 's dismissed first vice-president named `` constitutional president `` by the dissolved congress [ see p. 38846 ] .

According to a government communiqué after the coup attempt , Gen. Marcos Zarate Rota , the commander of the army , had also been involved in the conspiracy and was under investigation for drug trafficking .
according to a government communiqué after the coup [try] , gen. marcos zarate rota , the commander of the army , had also been involved in the conspiracy and was under investigation for drug trafficking .

Growing pressure both within the Diet and outside led the government to abandon its earlier attempt to bring the investigation to a close .
growing pressure both within the diet and outside led the government to abandon its earlier [try] to bring the investigation to a close .

The Federal Assembly on Nov. 25 adopted , at the third attempt , a constitutional amendment which provided the legal basis for the dissolution of the federation of the Czech and Slovak republics on Jan. 1 .
the federal assembly on nov. 25 adopted , at the third [try] , a constitutional amendment which provided the legal basis for the dissolution of the federation of the czech and slovak republics on jan. 1 .

In an attempt to force the issue the respective republican parliaments on Nov. 17 had passed by large majorities similarly worded resolutions authorizing the split and declaring that they would " assume full responsibility for the continuity of state power " on the territory of their republics after Jan. 1 .
in an [try] to force the issue the respective republican parliaments on nov. 17 had passed by large majorities similarly worded resolutions authorizing the split and declaring that they would " assume full responsibility for the continuity of state power " on the territory of their republics after jan. 1 .

However , shortly before the opening on Dec. 1 of the conservative-dominated Congress of People 's Deputies , the truce collapsed amid fears that the Congress would attempt to force the government 's resignation .
however , shortly before the opening on dec. 1 of the conservative-dominated congress of people 's deputies , the truce collapsed amid fears that the congress would [try] to force the government 's resignation .

Tatarstan 's leaders , however , denied that the Constitution signified an attempt to leave the Russian Federation altogether .
tatarstan 's leaders , however , denied that the constitution signified an [try] to leave the russian federation altogether .

An attempt to hold a referendum calling for the resignation of parliament and elections in December was defeated by parliament on Oct. 29 .
an [try] to hold a referendum calling for the resignation of parliament and elections in december was defeated by parliament on oct. 29 .

The proposals were given a cautious welcome by politicians on the left , but the right-wing parties decried them as an attempt to distract from the President 's and the government 's current unpopularity .
the proposals were given a cautious welcome by politicians on the left , but the right-wing parties decried them as an [try] to distract from the president 's and the government 's current unpopularity .

The government announced on Nov. 8 that it would allow the value of the shekel to fall by 11 per cent over the next year in an attempt to bolster growth .
the government announced on nov. 8 that it would allow the value of the shekel to fall by 11 per cent over the next year in an [try] to bolster growth .

Administrative reforms would include the creation of a number of new ministries and councils and the temporary lifting of immunity for state employers in an attempt to stem corruption .
administrative reforms would include the creation of a number of new ministries and councils and the temporary lifting of immunity for state employers in an [try] to stem corruption .

Describing the Iraqi Kurdish government as `` chaotic `` , the tripartite meeting warned Kurds against any attempt to divide Iraq .
describing the iraqi kurdish government as `` chaotic `` , the tripartite meeting warned kurds against any [try] to divide iraq .

On Nov. 26 , following reports that Iran had renewed pressure to control output in an attempt to stem falling prices , the Algerian Energy Minister Hacene Mefti had cast doubt on the likelihood of an early agreement .
on nov. 26 , following reports that iran had renewed pressure to control output in an [try] to stem falling prices , the algerian energy minister hacene mefti had cast doubt on the likelihood of an early agreement .

Coup attempt in Transkei
coup [try] in transkei

Maj.-Gen Bantu Holomisa , the leader of the ruling Military Council in the nominally independent Transkei homeland ( whose independence was not internationally recognized ) , accused South Africa of being behind an attempt to remove him from power on Nov. 22 .
maj.-gen bantu holomisa , the leader of the ruling military council in the nominally independent transkei homeland ( whose independence was not internationally recognized ) , accused south africa of being behind an [try] to remove him from power on nov. 22 .

Among the dead was the leader of the coup attempt , Holomisa 's former second-in-command Col. Craig Duli ; he had helped Holomisa seize power in a coup in 1987 [ pp 35232-33 ] and was a former military intelligence chief .
among the dead was the leader of the coup [try] , holomisa 's former second-in-command col. craig duli ; he had helped holomisa seize power in a coup in 1987 [ pp 35232-33 ] and was a former military intelligence chief .

At the time of the coup attempt he was free on bail .
at the time of the coup [try] he was free on bail .

The regime , however , sought to play down the unrest and on Nov. 26 the Sudanese ambassador to Egypt denied that there had been a coup attempt , asserting that the situation was stable .
the regime , however , sought to play down the unrest and on nov. 26 the sudanese ambassador to egypt denied that there had been a coup [try] , asserting that the situation was stable .

Student hijack attempt
student hijack [try]

During the Nov. 7 parade through Moscow 's Red Square to mark the 1917 October Revolution anniversary , a man fired two shots from a hunting rifle in what police claimed was an attempt to assassinate Gorbachev .
during the nov. 7 parade through moscow 's red square to mark the 1917 october revolution anniversary , a man fired two shots from a hunting rifle in what police claimed was an [try] to assassinate gorbachev .

According to Israeli media reports a group of Jordanian security police crossed into Israel near the West Bank town of Jericho on Nov. 8 in an attempt to `` perpetrate an attack `` .
according to israeli media reports a group of jordanian security police crossed into israel near the west bank town of jericho on nov. 8 in an [try] to `` perpetrate an attack `` .

Evan Pederick and Tim Anderson , two former members of the Anand Marg religious sect , were on Sept. 14 , 1989 , and Oct. 25 , 1990 , respectively , convicted of the bombing of a Sydney hotel in 1978 in an attempt to assassinate the then Indian Prime Minister , Morarji Desai , during a Commonwealth regional summit conference [ see p. 28931 ] .
evan pederick and tim anderson , two former members of the anand marg religious sect , were on sept. 14 , 1989 , and oct. 25 , 1990 , respectively , convicted of the bombing of a sydney hotel in 1978 in an [try] to assassinate the then indian prime minister , morarji desai , during a commonwealth regional summit conference [ see p. 28931 ] .

On July 16 the country 's central bank , the Reserve Bank , intervened to attempt to halt a flood of withdrawals from the Bank of Melbourne , which had been worst affected by the crisis of confidence .
on july 16 the country 's central bank , the reserve bank , intervened to [try] to halt a flood of withdrawals from the bank of melbourne , which had been worst affected by the crisis of confidence .

The government 's precipitate withdrawal led to an alcohol-inspired and wholly unsuccessful attempt by the Police Commissioner and Controller of the Bougainville State of Emergency , Paul Tohian , to mobilize the police and Army against the government [ see p. 37320 ] .
the government 's precipitate withdrawal led to an alcohol-inspired and wholly unsuccessful [try] by the police commissioner and controller of the bougainville state of emergency , paul tohian , to mobilize the police and army against the government [ see p. 37320 ] .

In February 1988 the Fiji government had sent a contingent of troops to Rotuma after an attempt by the islanders to secede [ see also p. 36700 ] .
in february 1988 the fiji government had sent a contingent of troops to rotuma after an [try] by the islanders to secede [ see also p. 36700 ] .

The decision to increase the Commission 's membership to 53 and to allot all the new seats to Third-World countries was seen as a further attempt by those countries to protect themselves , while a simultaneous Western proposal for measures to increase the Commission 's efficiency was defeated .
the decision to increase the commission 's membership to 53 and to allot all the new seats to third-world countries was seen as a further [try] by those countries to protect themselves , while a simultaneous western proposal for measures to increase the commission 's efficiency was defeated .

He was taken to hospital on July 29 with bullet wounds to the chest , apparently the result of a suicide attempt .
he was taken to hospital on july 29 with bullet wounds to the chest , apparently the result of a suicide [try] .

On Nov. 27 , two days after the reappointment of Simon Achidi Achu as Prime Minister , a new Cabinet was named in an apparent attempt to appease the opposition following the disputed victory of President Paul Biya in the October presidential poll [ see p. 39130 ] .
on nov. 27 , two days after the reappointment of simon achidi achu as prime minister , a new cabinet was named in an apparent [try] to appease the opposition following the disputed victory of president paul biya in the october presidential poll [ see p. 39130 ] .

However , the date of the elections was postponed twice in an attempt to increase the number of nominated candidates .
however , the date of the elections was postponed twice in an [try] to increase the number of nominated candidates .

Regional and municipal elections planned for Dec. 6 were held as scheduled and passed off without incident , despite the shadow cast over them by the Nov. 27 abortive military coup , the second attempt during 1992 [ see p. 39185 ] .
regional and municipal elections planned for dec. 6 were held as scheduled and passed off without incident , despite the shadow cast over them by the nov. 27 abortive military coup , the second [try] during 1992 [ see p. 39185 ] .

The curfew imposed during the coup attempt was lifted on Dec.1 , and the rights of assembly and free speech which , together with other constitutional guarantees , had been suspended at the same time , were restored .
the curfew imposed during the coup [try] was lifted on dec.1 , and the rights of assembly and free speech which , together with other constitutional guarantees , had been suspended at the same time , were restored .

President Carlos Saúl Menem reshuffled his Cabinet on Dec. 2 , bringing in three close associates in an attempt to give his government a new policy focus and halt its decline in popularity .
president carlos saúl menem reshuffled his cabinet on dec. 2 , bringing in three close associates in an [try] to give his government a new policy focus and halt its decline in popularity .

Prime Minister Muhammad Hamzah al-Zubaydi escaped an assassination attempt in Nasiriya in early December , but several security guards were killed .
prime minister muhammad hamzah al-zubaydi escaped an assassination [try] in nasiriya in early december , but several security guards were killed .

Reaction to alleged coup attempt
reaction to alleged coup [try]

In an attempt to facilitate the implementation of the national recovery plan the President merged the Finance and the Planning and Economic Development Ministries , with Joshua Mayanja-Nkangi ( the Planning and Economic Development Minister ) at its head ; the Finance Minister , Crispus Kiyonga , was dismissed .
in an [try] to facilitate the implementation of the national recovery plan the president merged the finance and the planning and economic development ministries , with joshua mayanja-nkangi ( the planning and economic development minister ) at its head ; the finance minister , crispus kiyonga , was dismissed .

Constitutional referendum — Coup attempt
constitutional referendum — coup [try]

On March 4 , however , 30 soldiers made an unsuccessful attempt to overthrow the government .
on march 4 , however , 30 soldiers made an unsuccessful [try] to overthrow the government .

Although an attempt to override the presidential veto was made in the House on March 25 , it fell considerably short of the two-thirds majority required , failing even to muster a simple majority .
although an [try] to override the presidential veto was made in the house on march 25 , it fell considerably short of the two-thirds majority required , failing even to muster a simple majority .

Those behind the Feb. 3-4 coup attempt [ see pp .
those behind the feb. 3-4 coup [try] [ see pp .

Tension and rumours of a possible second coup attempt continued .
tension and rumours of a possible second coup [try] continued .

The Senate had approved the bill on Feb. 25 by 59 votes to 39 , eight less that the two-thirds majority which would be required if an attempt were made to override the presidential veto .
the senate had approved the bill on feb. 25 by 59 votes to 39 , eight less that the two-thirds majority which would be required if an [try] were made to override the presidential veto .

Talks between Bangladesh and Myanma during January and February had yielded few results and so in March the Bangladesh government launched a diplomatic offensive in an attempt at spurring the international community into preventing a major tragedy occurring .
talks between bangladesh and myanma during january and february had yielded few results and so in march the bangladesh government launched a diplomatic offensive in an [try] at spurring the international community into preventing a major tragedy occurring .

Following the elections the main pro-military parties met with the leading members of the junta to attempt to form a workable coalition .
following the elections the main pro-military parties met with the leading members of the junta to [try] to form a workable coalition .

Reports in March indicated that Khmer Rouge forces had recently escalated their military activities in an attempt to cut government access to the northern provinces , especially that of Preah Vihear .
reports in march indicated that khmer rouge forces had recently escalated their military activities in an [try] to cut government access to the northern provinces , especially that of preah vihear .

The proposal , which was for a referendum on the dissolution of the Byelarus Supreme Soviet , was denounced in a statement by the Council of Ministers on March 4 as an attempt to increase " social tension and confrontation " by blaming the Supreme Soviet and the Council of Ministers for the recent drop in living standards .
the proposal , which was for a referendum on the dissolution of the byelarus supreme soviet , was denounced in a statement by the council of ministers on march 4 as an [try] to increase " social tension and confrontation " by blaming the supreme soviet and the council of ministers for the recent drop in living standards .

Biya had announced the holding of the elections , originally scheduled to take place in March 1993 , in early September , in a move regarded by many observers as an attempt to wrong-foot the opposition .
biya had announced the holding of the elections , originally scheduled to take place in march 1993 , in early september , in a move regarded by many observers as an [try] to wrong-foot the opposition .

This perception was heightened by his decision to focus the closing stages of his campaign not in the crucial mid-west `` swing states `` — those states which he had to win in order to retain his hold on the White House — but in an attempt to shore up his support in hitherto safe Republican states such as Florida , a pattern of behaviour widely seen as indicative of his desire to avoid being defeated by a landslide .
this perception was heightened by his decision to focus the closing stages of his campaign not in the crucial mid-west `` swing states `` — those states which he had to win in order to retain his hold on the white house — but in an [try] to shore up his support in hitherto safe republican states such as florida , a pattern of behaviour widely seen as indicative of his desire to avoid being defeated by a landslide .

Despite strong government denials , local media sources were agreed that an attack on the presidential motorcade had been an unsuccessful attempt to assassinate President Carlos Andrés Pérez on Oct. 12 in the western border town of Paraguaipoa , in the state of Zulia .
despite strong government denials , local media sources were agreed that an attack on the presidential motorcade had been an unsuccessful [try] to assassinate president carlos andrés pérez on oct. 12 in the western border town of paraguaipoa , in the state of zulia .

The government 's desire to play down the incident was set against a background of high political tension fuelled over recent months by widespread protests against austerity and official corruption and the persistent rumours that a repeat of the February military coup attempt was imminent [ see pp. 38759-60 ; 39048 ] .
the government 's desire to play down the incident was set against a background of high political tension fuelled over recent months by widespread protests against austerity and official corruption and the persistent rumours that a repeat of the february military coup [try] was imminent [ see pp. 38759-60 ; 39048 ] .

The offer , regarded as a boost to private and direct foreign investment [ see p. 39099 ] , had reportedly been prompted by an attempt to supplement the inadequate resources of the state-owned Oil and Natural Gas Commission and Oil India .
the offer , regarded as a boost to private and direct foreign investment [ see p. 39099 ] , had reportedly been prompted by an [try] to supplement the inadequate resources of the state-owned oil and natural gas commission and oil india .

Demonstrations in support of this move had been organized by religious parties in Islamabad , and it was construed as an attempt by the increasingly fragile ruling coalition to win backing from Islamic parties .
demonstrations in support of this move had been organized by religious parties in islamabad , and it was construed as an [try] by the increasingly fragile ruling coalition to win backing from islamic parties .

Flights took place sporadically throughout the month in a desperate attempt to build up stockpiles of supplies before the winter .
flights took place sporadically throughout the month in a desperate [try] to build up stockpiles of supplies before the winter .

They had agreed that it would be unrealistic to attempt to form a union of the two republics .
they had agreed that it would be unrealistic to [try] to form a union of the two republics .

Yeltsin appeared to be moving towards a rapprochement with the centrist Civic Union opposition [ see pp. 38974 ; 39058 ; 39108 ] , in an attempt to gain its support before the Congress met and to avert the danger of his government and its economic reforms being overturned by the Congress ( elected in 1990 and dominated by conservative forces ) .
yeltsin appeared to be moving towards a rapprochement with the centrist civic union opposition [ see pp. 38974 ; 39058 ; 39108 ] , in an [try] to gain its support before the congress met and to avert the danger of his government and its economic reforms being overturned by the congress ( elected in 1990 and dominated by conservative forces ) .

According to an Interfax report an Azerbaijani attempt to cut the Lachin corridor [ see p. 39109 ] was repulsed on Oct. 4 .
according to an interfax report an azerbaijani [try] to cut the lachin corridor [ see p. 39109 ] was repulsed on oct. 4 .

In September 1991 Congress had agreed to Bush 's demand to delay the guarantee package in an attempt to pressurize Israel into halting settlement construction in the occupied territories , at least for the duration of the Middle East peace conference [ see p. 38452 ] .
in september 1991 congress had agreed to bush 's demand to delay the guarantee package in an [try] to pressurize israel into halting settlement construction in the occupied territories , at least for the duration of the middle east peace conference [ see p. 38452 ] .

When Soviet forces completed their withdrawal from Afghanistan in February 1989 , commentators predicated Najibullah 's imminent downfall , but he remained in office and managed to survive a serious coup attempt in 1990 .
when soviet forces completed their withdrawal from afghanistan in february 1989 , commentators predicated najibullah 's imminent downfall , but he remained in office and managed to survive a serious coup [try] in 1990 .

Leading military and government officials , including Foreign Minister Abdol Wakil , immediately entered into urgent negotiations with the two mujaheddin commanders in an attempt to secure a peaceful transition .
leading military and government officials , including foreign minister abdol wakil , immediately entered into urgent negotiations with the two mujaheddin commanders in an [try] to secure a peaceful transition .

Meanwhile both groups began infiltrating the city in an attempt to gain control of key locations .
meanwhile both groups began infiltrating the city in an [try] to gain control of key locations .

Responding to an open letter from the recently established Democratic Renewal Party , the government on April 10 confirmed that the principal plotters in the May 1977 coup attempt [ see p. 28489 ] had been executed .
responding to an open letter from the recently established democratic renewal party , the government on april 10 confirmed that the principal plotters in the may 1977 coup [try] [ see p. 28489 ] had been executed .

On April 17 , disregarding Nguza 's order that it should refrain from any attempt to take over the running of the country , the conference adopted sovereign status , and on April 21 the Most Rev .
on april 17 , disregarding nguza 's order that it should refrain from any [try] to take over the running of the country , the conference adopted sovereign status , and on april 21 the most rev .

Report of coup attempt
report of coup [try]

Interior Minister Luis Piñerúa Ordaz announced on April 9 that the government had approved the restoration of constitutional guarantees suspended since the military coup attempt in February [ see pp. 38759-60 ] .
interior minister luis piñerúa ordaz announced on april 9 that the government had approved the restoration of constitutional guarantees suspended since the military coup [try] in february [ see pp. 38759-60 ] .

Deputy Prime Minister and Foreign Minister Michio Watanabe proposed a new compromise solution on April 21 in an attempt to settle with Russia the long-standing territorial dispute over the four islands known by Russia as the southern Kuriles , and by Japan as the Northern Territories , situated to the north-east of Japan 's northern island of Hokkaido .
deputy prime minister and foreign minister michio watanabe proposed a new compromise solution on april 21 in an [try] to settle with russia the long-standing territorial dispute over the four islands known by russia as the southern kuriles , and by japan as the northern territories , situated to the north-east of japan 's northern island of hokkaido .

In an apparent attempt to placate the anti-reform groups in the Congress of People 's Deputies before it opened , Yegor Gaidar , responsible for the main thrust of the economic reforms , was dismissed by Yeltsin as Finance Minister on April 2 but retained the post of Deputy Premier .
in an apparent [try] to placate the anti-reform groups in the congress of people 's deputies before it opened , yegor gaidar , responsible for the main thrust of the economic reforms , was dismissed by yeltsin as finance minister on april 2 but retained the post of deputy premier .

Addressing the Assembly , Yeltsin said that at the forthcoming Congress he expected an attempt to retreat from reforms .
addressing the assembly , yeltsin said that at the forthcoming congress he expected an [try] to retreat from reforms .

In these circumstances , the only diplomatic initiatives which appeared to have potential significance were those instigated by Iran in early February and by the Soviet Union in the middle of the month in a final attempt to avert a full-scale ground war .
in these circumstances , the only diplomatic initiatives which appeared to have potential significance were those instigated by iran in early february and by the soviet union in the middle of the month in a final [try] to avert a full-scale ground war .

Some 50 of these had been ignited earlier in the war in an apparent attempt to use smoke to disrupt the allied air campaign .
some 50 of these had been ignited earlier in the war in an apparent [try] to use smoke to disrupt the allied air campaign .

Whilst Iraq made no attempt to contest allied air superiority — the only recorded flights by Iraqi aircraft were of those fleeing to Iranian airfields — the firing of Scud missiles against Israel and Saudi Arabia continued throughout February .
whilst iraq made no [try] to contest allied air superiority — the only recorded flights by iraqi aircraft were of those fleeing to iranian airfields — the firing of scud missiles against israel and saudi arabia continued throughout february .

Bush dismissed the move as an attempt by the Iraqi leader to regroup his overwhelmed forces , and stated that the allies would continue to press the ground war `` with undiminished intensity `` , emphasising that the fighting would stop only if Iraqi forces `` lay down their arms `` .
bush dismissed the move as an [try] by the iraqi leader to regroup his overwhelmed forces , and stated that the allies would continue to press the ground war `` with undiminished intensity `` , emphasising that the fighting would stop only if iraqi forces `` lay down their arms `` .

The Iraqi decision not to attempt to contest allied air supremacy meant that a substantial portion of Iraq 's air force survived the war .
the iraqi decision not to [try] to contest allied air supremacy meant that a substantial portion of iraq 's air force survived the war .

Two weeks after army officers failed in an attempt to overthrow him [ see p. 37952 ] , the Ciskei 's military ruler , Brig .
two weeks after army officers failed in an [try] to overthrow him [ see p. 37952 ] , the ciskei 's military ruler , brig .

The Ciskei leadership had accused Chris Hani , chief of staff of Umkhonto we Sizwe , of organizing the Jan. 26 attempt .
the ciskei leadership had accused chris hani , chief of staff of umkhonto we sizwe , of organizing the jan. 26 [try] .

The changes were viewed as an attempt to the heal the bitter rift between the politically dominant Tutsi and the more numerous Hutu population , which in 1988 had led to 5,000 civilians being killed in ethnic violence [ see pp .
the changes were viewed as an [try] to the heal the bitter rift between the politically dominant tutsi and the more numerous hutu population , which in 1988 had led to 5,000 civilians being killed in ethnic violence [ see pp .

Detentions of Afars following coup attempt
detentions of afars following coup [try]

In response the Federal Reserve on Feb. 1 cut its discount rate ( which determined the cost of short-term loans to banks ) by half a percentage point to 6 per cent , its second half-point cut in six weeks , in an attempt to stimulate investment by encouraging banks to increase consumer borrowing .
in response the federal reserve on feb. 1 cut its discount rate ( which determined the cost of short-term loans to banks ) by half a percentage point to 6 per cent , its second half-point cut in six weeks , in an [try] to stimulate investment by encouraging banks to increase consumer borrowing .

Collins , 60 , dismissed the charges as `` nothing more than a blatant attempt by a twice-convicted dope dealer , aided and abetted by government agents , to set up a black judge `` .
collins , 60 , dismissed the charges as `` nothing more than a blatant [try] by a twice-convicted dope dealer , aided and abetted by government agents , to set up a black judge `` .

On the day after his inauguration the new President ordered at least 162 people — including his immediate predecessor Ertha Pascal-Trouillot and her entire Cabinet — not to attempt to leave the country for one month .
on the day after his inauguration the new president ordered at least 162 people — including his immediate predecessor ertha pascal-trouillot and her entire cabinet — not to [try] to leave the country for one month .

Of those listed , 30 , including Pascal-Trouillot , were required to answer inquiries concerning the coup attempt of Jan. 6-7 .
of those listed , 30 , including pascal-trouillot , were required to answer inquiries concerning the coup [try] of jan. 6-7 .

In an attempt to stimulate imports and thus force down prices and inflation , the government announced measures on Feb. 6 to liberalize access to Brazil 's heavily protected domestic market .
in an [try] to stimulate imports and thus force down prices and inflation , the government announced measures on feb. 6 to liberalize access to brazil 's heavily protected domestic market .

Argentina 's Economy Minister , Domingo Cavallo , appointed on Jan. 29 [ see p. 37959 ] , announced an emergency tax plan on Feb. 4 in an attempt to halt the current economic crisis and to establish fiscal solvency by increasing revenues by the equivalent of $ 2,400 million a year .
argentina 's economy minister , domingo cavallo , appointed on jan. 29 [ see p. 37959 ] , announced an emergency tax plan on feb. 4 in an [try] to halt the current economic crisis and to establish fiscal solvency by increasing revenues by the equivalent of $ 2,400 million a year .

Assassination attempt on former President
assassination [try] on former president

Manoon 's rehabilitation had enraged Class 5 graduates from Chulachomklao ( led by the current Army C.-in-C. , Gen. Suchinda Kraprayoon ) who regarded it as an attempt to reduce their position of dominance .
manoon 's rehabilitation had enraged class 5 graduates from chulachomklao ( led by the current army c.-in-c. , gen. suchinda kraprayoon ) who regarded it as an [try] to reduce their position of dominance .

Maj.-Gen. Chatichai Choonhaven , then Prime Minister of Thailand , met with all the Cambodian factions in Bangkok , the Thai capital , in early and mid-February in an attempt to win approval for a new initiative which called upon the warring groups to begin rebuilding the shattered Cambodian infrastructure before implementation of a peace settlement .
maj.-gen. chatichai choonhaven , then prime minister of thailand , met with all the cambodian factions in bangkok , the thai capital , in early and mid-february in an [try] to win approval for a new initiative which called upon the warring groups to begin rebuilding the shattered cambodian infrastructure before implementation of a peace settlement .

Batac , a key strategist in the December 1989 coup attempt [ see pp .
batac , a key strategist in the december 1989 coup [try] [ see pp .

An attempt to murder a well-known television journalist , Aleksandr Nevzorov , was reported on Feb. 3 .
an [try] to murder a well-known television journalist , aleksandr nevzorov , was reported on feb. 3 .

There was growing scepticism about an earlier reported attempt on Nevzorov 's life : on Dec. 12 , 1990 , he allegedly had been wounded by a gunman who had lured him to a rendezvous in a Leningrad street by offering him sensitive documents .
there was growing scepticism about an earlier reported [try] on nevzorov 's life : on dec. 12 , 1990 , he allegedly had been wounded by a gunman who had lured him to a rendezvous in a leningrad street by offering him sensitive documents .

In what was widely seen as an attempt to draw Israel into the conflict , Iraq had launched a number of missile attacks on Tel Aviv and Haifa [ see pp .
in what was widely seen as an [try] to draw israel into the conflict , iraq had launched a number of missile attacks on tel aviv and haifa [ see pp .

Dissident middle-ranking army officers staged a coup attempt in April , which was foiled the same day after heavy fighting [ see p. 37367 ] .
dissident middle-ranking army officers staged a coup [try] in april , which was foiled the same day after heavy fighting [ see p. 37367 ] .

By Sept. 13 , 69 soldiers had been put on trial and executed for their part in the coup attempt [ see pp .
by sept. 13 , 69 soldiers had been put on trial and executed for their part in the coup [try] [ see pp .

The Interior Minister , Ibrahim Halidi , was dismissed on Sept. 23 , 1990 , although he denied that he had any knowledge of an alleged coup attempt discovered in late August .
the interior minister , ibrahim halidi , was dismissed on sept. 23 , 1990 , although he denied that he had any knowledge of an alleged coup [try] discovered in late august .

However , his main opponent , Mohamed Taki , who won the first round of the presidential election , continued to accuse Djohar of vote-rigging and was linked to an alleged attempt to overthrow the government discovered in August [ see below ] .
however , his main opponent , mohamed taki , who won the first round of the presidential election , continued to accuse djohar of vote-rigging and was linked to an alleged [try] to overthrow the government discovered in august [ see below ] .

The Foreign Ministry on Aug. 21 announced that there had been discovered an attempt by supporters of defeated presidential candidate Mohamed Taki to destabilize the government , and that one French mercenary and two Comorans had been arrested .
the foreign ministry on aug. 21 announced that there had been discovered an [try] by supporters of defeated presidential candidate mohamed taki to destabilize the government , and that one french mercenary and two comorans had been arrested .

In October it was reported that Max Veillard , a French mercenary and adviser to Taki wanted for his part in the August coup attempt , had been shot dead by police .
in october it was reported that max veillard , a french mercenary and adviser to taki wanted for his part in the august coup [try] , had been shot dead by police .

Efforts to merge the country with Libya [ see pp. 37367 ; 37703 ] were treated with great scepticism by analysts of the region , who interpreted it as an attempt by the regime to end its isolation from the mainstream of the Arab world .
efforts to merge the country with libya [ see pp. 37367 ; 37703 ] were treated with great scepticism by analysts of the region , who interpreted it as an [try] by the regime to end its isolation from the mainstream of the arab world .

Taken together the three strands of the nursing `` package `` represented a major attempt to meet future demographic challenges .
taken together the three strands of the nursing `` package `` represented a major [try] to meet future demographic challenges .

There is also through the training strategy an attempt to give this work greater dignity and esteem .
there is also through the training strategy an [try] to give this work greater dignity and esteem .

In Britain the election of the first Thatcher government in 1979 heralded the beginning of an ambitious attempt to `` roll back the state `` by a true believer in private enterprise and market values .
in britain the election of the first thatcher government in 1979 heralded the beginning of an ambitious [try] to `` roll back the state `` by a true believer in private enterprise and market values .

The government began the attempt to extricate itself after a critical report by the Audit Commission in 1986 , which led to comprehensive reviews of community care policies ( Audit Commission 1986 ; Griffith 1988 ) .
the government began the [try] to extricate itself after a critical report by the audit commission in 1986 , which led to comprehensive reviews of community care policies ( audit commission 1986 ; griffith 1988 ) .

The present reforms attempt to gain some of the advantages of markets within a public health system , without their inequities and in- efficiencies , by a managed form of competition .
the present reforms [try] to gain some of the advantages of markets within a public health system , without their inequities and in- efficiencies , by a managed form of competition .

At the time of the first interviews in June 1990 the authorities were grappling with the devolution of services to the units and the district 's attempt to come to terms with the new role of purchaser .
at the time of the first interviews in june 1990 the authorities were grappling with the devolution of services to the units and the district 's [try] to come to terms with the new role of purchaser .

The astonishing degree of variation which exists between health authorities makes any attempt to evaluate the reforms hazardous .
the astonishing degree of variation which exists between health authorities makes any [try] to evaluate the reforms hazardous .

Historians attempt to construct their own coherent accounts of the past by the rigorous testing of evidence which is often incomplete ; the skills involved in doing this have benefits beyond the study of history ; viii ) to enrich other areas of the curriculum .
historians [try] to construct their own coherent accounts of the past by the rigorous testing of evidence which is often incomplete ; the skills involved in doing this have benefits beyond the study of history ; viii ) to enrich other areas of the curriculum .

Archive sources have very special qualities , and should therefore lie at the heart of any attempt to use primary evidence in the history classroom .
archive sources have very special qualities , and should therefore lie at the heart of any [try] to use primary evidence in the history classroom .

Any attempt to assess the nature and magnitude of the regional problem in the Community is a complex task .
any [try] to assess the nature and magnitude of the regional problem in the community is a complex task .

The Lake District Planning Board has sought to limit new houses to local people , but this attempt was overturned by the Secretary of State for the Environment .
the lake district planning board has sought to limit new houses to local people , but this [try] was overturned by the secretary of state for the environment .

There is no attempt to understand the movement in its context , to appreciate the purposes of those whose words are used , to consider either the views of their antagonists or those of later researchers … by omitting these a distorted view of what was wrong with `` the land laws `` has been fostered .
there is no [try] to understand the movement in its context , to appreciate the purposes of those whose words are used , to consider either the views of their antagonists or those of later researchers … by omitting these a distorted view of what was wrong with `` the land laws `` has been fostered .

[ In discussions , at ] no stage did the appellant attempt to assert a title or to exclude the representatives of the respondent from the premises …
[ in discussions , at ] no stage did the appellant [try] to assert a title or to exclude the representatives of the respondent from the premises …

( 8 ) In proceedings to enforce a liability arising by virtue of subsection ( 3 ) above , it shall be a defence for the defendant to prove that he believed , and had reasonable cause to believe — ( a ) that the residential occupier had ceased to reside in the premises in question at the time when he was deprived of occupation as mentioned in subsection ( 1 ) above or , as the case may be , when the attempt was made or the acts were done as a result of which he gave up his occupation of those premises ; or ( b ) that , where the liability would otherwise arise by virtue only of the doing of acts or the withdrawal or withholding of services , he had reasonable grounds for doing the acts or withdrawing or withholding the services in question .
( 8 ) in proceedings to enforce a liability arising by virtue of subsection ( 3 ) above , it shall be a defence for the defendant to prove that he believed , and had reasonable cause to believe — ( a ) that the residential occupier had ceased to reside in the premises in question at the time when he was deprived of occupation as mentioned in subsection ( 1 ) above or , as the case may be , when the [try] was made or the acts were done as a result of which he gave up his occupation of those premises ; or ( b ) that , where the liability would otherwise arise by virtue only of the doing of acts or the withdrawal or withholding of services , he had reasonable grounds for doing the acts or withdrawing or withholding the services in question .

The attempt may be charged .
the [try] may be charged .

Since one can attempt to go equipped , the range of s.25 together with its inchoate offence is broad .
since one can [try] to go equipped , the range of s.25 together with its inchoate offence is broad .

By what means , stylistic and other , does the author attempt to establish the character of the narrator in the following passage ?
by what means , stylistic and other , does the author [try] to establish the character of the narrator in the following passage ?

; and if our first attempt to classify gets us nowhere we might try one or more of these alternatives at a later stage ) .
; and if our first [try] to classify gets us nowhere we might try one or more of these alternatives at a later stage ) .

Sometimes a correlation or co-occurrence is incorrectly presented as a causality , for example , by the use of `` therefore `` in this sentence : Dickens and Thackeray were concerned with demanding social justice in an attempt to make life better , therefore their literature adopted realism as a method .
sometimes a correlation or co-occurrence is incorrectly presented as a causality , for example , by the use of `` therefore `` in this sentence : dickens and thackeray were concerned with demanding social justice in an [try] to make life better , therefore their literature adopted realism as a method .

Furthermore , since there are now well-established Caribbean communities in a dozen or so English cities , each with a slightly different population distribution and distinct needs , any attempt to discuss the language behaviour of Caribbeans in Britain will need to consider each community separately .
furthermore , since there are now well-established caribbean communities in a dozen or so english cities , each with a slightly different population distribution and distinct needs , any [try] to discuss the language behaviour of caribbeans in britain will need to consider each community separately .

The notion of a `` post-Creole continuum `` , first put forward by De Camp ( 1971 ) , is an attempt to explain the complex linguistic situation in those places where there is a long history of native speakers of British English in contact with speakers of an English-based Creole .
the notion of a `` post-creole continuum `` , first put forward by de camp ( 1971 ) , is an [try] to explain the complex linguistic situation in those places where there is a long history of native speakers of british english in contact with speakers of an english-based creole .

But one speaker 's attempt at the patois may be closer to the standard end of the spectrum than is another speaker 's attempt at the standard .
but one speaker 's [try] at the patois may be closer to the standard end of the spectrum than is another speaker 's [try] at the standard .

The researchers made recordings of black adolescents in five different situations , in an attempt to control the variables of race of interlocutor , gender and formality/informality .
the researchers made recordings of black adolescents in five different situations , in an [try] to control the variables of race of interlocutor , gender and formality/informality .

Each of the three approaches discussed so far is an attempt to explain the similarities and differences between individuals ' speech behaviour , even within what may be broadly construed as the same `` speech community `` .
each of the three approaches discussed so far is an [try] to explain the similarities and differences between individuals ' speech behaviour , even within what may be broadly construed as the same `` speech community `` .

Researchers within the tradition of accommodation theory have been most active in looking at the detail of `` monolingual `` interactions in an attempt to see exactly what it is that speakers are doing .
researchers within the tradition of accommodation theory have been most active in looking at the detail of `` monolingual `` interactions in an [try] to see exactly what it is that speakers are doing .

Section 2(1) will operate to defeat any attempt to exclude or restrict liability for death or personal injuries caused by negligence .
section 2(1) will operate to defeat any [try] to exclude or restrict liability for death or personal injuries caused by negligence .

The court held that where a person places himself in danger and it is foreseeable that another person may attempt a rescue , the rescued person owes a duty of care to the rescuer .
the court held that where a person places himself in danger and it is foreseeable that another person may [try] a rescue , the rescued person owes a duty of care to the rescuer .

Any attempt to exclude liability for property damage will be subjected to a test of reasonableness ( s. 2 ( 2 ) ) .
any [try] to exclude liability for property damage will be subjected to a test of reasonableness ( s. 2 ( 2 ) ) .

If it is , then Chartist may attempt to raise volenti non fit injuria or contributory negligence as defences .
if it is , then chartist may [try] to raise volenti non fit injuria or contributory negligence as defences .

They put to sea in an attempt to escape the martyr 's wrath , and were shipwrecked , with 160 of their vessels sinking and another 65 being driven to distant and unknown regions , where their occupants were slaughtered .
they put to sea in an [try] to escape the martyr 's wrath , and were shipwrecked , with 160 of their vessels sinking and another 65 being driven to distant and unknown regions , where their occupants were slaughtered .

An attempt to explain what went wrong in Æthelred 's reign must begin with the sources .
an [try] to explain what went wrong in æthelred 's reign must begin with the sources .

The most interesting aspect of the affair , however , is the very swift growth of the cult of St Edward , something which his assassins may have foreseen , if Archbishop Wulfstan is correct in saying that they burnt the corpse , presumably in an attempt to destroy remains which might become relics .
the most interesting aspect of the affair , however , is the very swift growth of the cult of st edward , something which his assassins may have foreseen , if archbishop wulfstan is correct in saying that they burnt the corpse , presumably in an [try] to destroy remains which might become relics .

Æthelred 's own interest in the cult seems to have been considerable , and can be interpreted as an attempt to disarm the opposition , to dissociate himself from the murder , and to enhance the prestige of kingship .
æthelred 's own interest in the cult seems to have been considerable , and can be interpreted as an [try] to disarm the opposition , to dissociate himself from the murder , and to enhance the prestige of kingship .

Something of this can be seen in the Confessor 's reign , when Godwin supported one of his kinsmen , a Canterbury monk , in an attempt to obtain the archiepiscopacy .
something of this can be seen in the confessor 's reign , when godwin supported one of his kinsmen , a canterbury monk , in an [try] to obtain the archiepiscopacy .

De Gaulle reacted sharply , not just because the evidence against Muselier appeared flimsy , but because he interpreted the British action as an attempt to interfere in the internal affairs of his organization .
de gaulle reacted sharply , not just because the evidence against muselier appeared flimsy , but because he interpreted the british action as an [try] to interfere in the internal affairs of his organization .

On two occasions , in September 1941 and again in early 1942 , they prompted Admiral Muselier to attempt a palace revolution against de Gaulle .
on two occasions , in september 1941 and again in early 1942 , they prompted admiral muselier to [try] a palace revolution against de gaulle .

On the negative side , he rejected absolutely any attempt to achieve European unity through supranational organizations such as the Coal and Steel Community or the European Defence Community .
on the negative side , he rejected absolutely any [try] to achieve european unity through supranational organizations such as the coal and steel community or the european defence community .

The first was an attempt to establish a privileged relationship with West Germany , to whose existence he had now reconciled himself .
the first was an [try] to establish a privileged relationship with west germany , to whose existence he had now reconciled himself .

His attempt to do so fostered a current of resentment that came to the surface in 1968 .
his [try] to do so fostered a current of resentment that came to the surface in 1968 .

The additional assessment is a sensible and welcome attempt to differentiate students ' performance by assessing higher-order skills .
the additional assessment is a sensible and welcome [try] to differentiate students ' performance by assessing higher-order skills .

Ideally , all the above qualifications would need to be taken into account in any attempt to prescribe policy .
ideally , all the above qualifications would need to be taken into account in any [try] to prescribe policy .

This was Watson 's first known attempt to short-circuit the information filters that build up as organisations get larger .
this was watson 's first known [try] to short-circuit the information filters that build up as organisations get larger .

This was certainly the most sustained attempt to reach the children of the lower orders before the Sunday School movement towards the end of the century , but its extent and consistency have been questioned by historians , some of whom doubt that it was a `` movement `` at all .
this was certainly the most sustained [try] to reach the children of the lower orders before the sunday school movement towards the end of the century , but its extent and consistency have been questioned by historians , some of whom doubt that it was a `` movement `` at all .

This ended the main phase , and resistance once again concentrated on the attempt , organised by the United Framework Knitters , to secure a parliamentary bill .
this ended the main phase , and resistance once again concentrated on the [try] , organised by the united framework knitters , to secure a parliamentary bill .

In an aftermath when the relentless and remorseless inhumanity of the mill owner and his magisterial friends passed into local lore , an attempt was made to assassinate Cartwright and one was successfully carried out on another mill owner , William Horsfall , who had boasted his intent to ride up to his saddle girths in the blood of Luddites .
in an aftermath when the relentless and remorseless inhumanity of the mill owner and his magisterial friends passed into local lore , an [try] was made to assassinate cartwright and one was successfully carried out on another mill owner , william horsfall , who had boasted his intent to ride up to his saddle girths in the blood of luddites .

An attempt to burn down a warehouse at Stockport was followed by rumours of secret gatherings , armings and oath taking and there was certainly talk of a general rising .
an [try] to burn down a warehouse at stockport was followed by rumours of secret gatherings , armings and oath taking and there was certainly talk of a general rising .

The owner of the copyright in the computer program , suddenly realizing that he has rights with respect to the output generated from using the program , might attempt to interfere with the subsequent use of that output in the hope that he will be able to negotiate a fee for his permission .
the owner of the copyright in the computer program , suddenly realizing that he has rights with respect to the output generated from using the program , might [try] to interfere with the subsequent use of that output in the hope that he will be able to negotiate a fee for his permission .

The draftsmen of the Supply of Goods and Services Act elected not to attempt to define `` service `` , probably in deference to the very wide variety of services offered both to consumers and to businesses .
the draftsmen of the supply of goods and services act elected not to [try] to define `` service `` , probably in deference to the very wide variety of services offered both to consumers and to businesses .

Sections 2 to 4 of the Unfair Contract Terms Act apply to contractual terms or notices which attempt to exclude or restrict liability for negligence and breach of contract .
sections 2 to 4 of the unfair contract terms act apply to contractual terms or notices which [try] to exclude or restrict liability for negligence and breach of contract .

But the most significant point to make is that to attempt to force the fabliaux to fit some standard rhetorical classification is not just ( perhaps ) irrelevant , but , more seriously , distracting in respect of the frequently clever and significant exploitation of language in these texts .
but the most significant point to make is that to [try] to force the fabliaux to fit some standard rhetorical classification is not just ( perhaps ) irrelevant , but , more seriously , distracting in respect of the frequently clever and significant exploitation of language in these texts .

When the absurdly naive theatricals by which the clerks seek to cloak their scheme for preventing the miller 's stealing — which has increased from the `` curteis `` to the `` outrageous `` with the illness of their college 's manciple — reveal their design to him , he determines to steal yet more , out of pride , and out of his own version of measure for measure , but not out of covetousness : As soon as the two clerks can stop and consider the trick that has been played on them , we see that the miller 's action , motivated by his pride , hits directly at the pride of the clerks : Another offence to John 's pride leads him later to attempt to bed the miller 's wife , hearing the success of Alayn with the daughter ( 4199 – 209 ) .
when the absurdly naive theatricals by which the clerks seek to cloak their scheme for preventing the miller 's stealing — which has increased from the `` curteis `` to the `` outrageous `` with the illness of their college 's manciple — reveal their design to him , he determines to steal yet more , out of pride , and out of his own version of measure for measure , but not out of covetousness : as soon as the two clerks can stop and consider the trick that has been played on them , we see that the miller 's action , motivated by his pride , hits directly at the pride of the clerks : another offence to john 's pride leads him later to [try] to bed the miller 's wife , hearing the success of alayn with the daughter ( 4199 – 209 ) .

In an attempt to resolve the problem of equity and efficiency , the Spinelli Report , commissioned by the European Parliament was published in 1980 .
in an [try] to resolve the problem of equity and efficiency , the spinelli report , commissioned by the european parliament was published in 1980 .

Therefore the Commission has taken a number of actions to attempt to minimise its occurrence .
therefore the commission has taken a number of actions to [try] to minimise its occurrence .

The context of this current research is , however , much broader and will attempt to point to future needs in a pan-European context .
the context of this current research is , however , much broader and will [try] to point to future needs in a pan-european context .

The rest of this chapter will constitute an attempt to explain by means of this hypothesis the various uses of these two forms where they both occur with the same or similar full verbs .
the rest of this chapter will constitute an [try] to explain by means of this hypothesis the various uses of these two forms where they both occur with the same or similar full verbs .

Only after causatives have been studied from this point of view both in English and in other languages will we be in a position to attempt valid generalizations across languages .
only after causatives have been studied from this point of view both in english and in other languages will we be in a position to [try] valid generalizations across languages .

Friedrich ( 1961 : 34 – 7 ) gives the following list of substantives followed by the infinitive with to : attempt , decision , right , willingness , inclination , need , request , permission , promise , order , wish , petition , desire , goodness , impudence , cheek , impulse , endeavour , inspiration , ability , possibility , chance , occasion , obligation , determination , aim , propensity , the wit , tendency , temptation , hesitation , refusal , reluctance , failure .
friedrich ( 1961 : 34 – 7 ) gives the following list of substantives followed by the infinitive with to : [try] , decision , right , willingness , inclination , need , request , permission , promise , order , wish , petition , desire , goodness , impudence , cheek , impulse , endeavour , inspiration , ability , possibility , chance , occasion , obligation , determination , aim , propensity , the wit , tendency , temptation , hesitation , refusal , reluctance , failure .

His study is not an attempt to provide a general explanation of achievement by students in the university sector of higher education .
his study is not an [try] to provide a general explanation of achievement by students in the university sector of higher education .

There was no attempt to see Rome , as it were , from a distance — as something strange , mysterious in language and religion , frightful in rituals and formidable in warfare .
there was no [try] to see rome , as it were , from a distance — as something strange , mysterious in language and religion , frightful in rituals and formidable in warfare .

Any attempt to separate the old and the new is hopeless .
any [try] to separate the old and the new is hopeless .

Many of these species perished in the attempt .
many of these species perished in the [try] .

But Richard 's polite attempt to straighten himself and to give something like a slight bow made the damage to his lung rather worse .
but richard 's polite [try] to straighten himself and to give something like a slight bow made the damage to his lung rather worse .

Next , having reviewed , as well as he could , his work at the office , and made a courageous but unsuccessful attempt to remember whether there was any urgent correspondence he had n't dealt with , he let his thoughts return to Nenna .
next , having reviewed , as well as he could , his work at the office , and made a courageous but unsuccessful [try] to remember whether there was any urgent correspondence he had n't dealt with , he let his thoughts return to nenna .

They all take issue , in a variety of different ways , with the classic theory of tragedy propounded in Aristotle 's Poetics ; They all , in the wake of Herder , make some attempt to relate the achievements of the Greek tragedians to the religious or social facts of Greek life ; and they all consider the dramas of Aeschylus , Sophocles and Euripides to form one of the summits of world literature .
they all take issue , in a variety of different ways , with the classic theory of tragedy propounded in aristotle 's poetics ; they all , in the wake of herder , make some [try] to relate the achievements of the greek tragedians to the religious or social facts of greek life ; and they all consider the dramas of aeschylus , sophocles and euripides to form one of the summits of world literature .

While in Schiller the attempt to reestablish ( and perhaps reinterpret ) the function of the chorus never gets very far , in Schelling this concern is abandoned altogether in favour of a wholly individualistic view of the hero , whose very Solitude is the source of his strength and tragic predicament alike .
while in schiller the [try] to reestablish ( and perhaps reinterpret ) the function of the chorus never gets very far , in schelling this concern is abandoned altogether in favour of a wholly individualistic view of the hero , whose very solitude is the source of his strength and tragic predicament alike .

Nietzsche , however , made no attempt to demonstrate the aptness of his particular parallel , and the plausibility of the detailed propositions was not thereby enhanced .
nietzsche , however , made no [try] to demonstrate the aptness of his particular parallel , and the plausibility of the detailed propositions was not thereby enhanced .

Concealed beneath the opaque wording about the `` Hellenic will `` was another attempt — as it proved , Nietzsche 's last attempt — to discuss some of the socio-political aspects of the Greek world as part of his first book .
concealed beneath the opaque wording about the `` hellenic will `` was another [try] — as it proved , nietzsche 's last [try] — to discuss some of the socio-political aspects of the greek world as part of his first book .

Wagner differentiated them by associating drama with visionary illusion and music with dreams , but also made an attempt at establishing parity between them by pronouncing drama `` the visible counterpart of music `` and by stressing the equal greatness of Beethoven 's music and Shakespearean drama .
wagner differentiated them by associating drama with visionary illusion and music with dreams , but also made an [try] at establishing parity between them by pronouncing drama `` the visible counterpart of music `` and by stressing the equal greatness of beethoven 's music and shakespearean drama .

But the heroes who convey this impression are merely embodying the Apolline response to life 's horror : the attempt to make that horror acceptable .
but the heroes who convey this impression are merely embodying the apolline response to life 's horror : the [try] to make that horror acceptable .

The serenity , then , belongs to the poet , not to the myth : it lies precisely in the poet 's attempt to palliate the dark truths that the myth represents .
the serenity , then , belongs to the poet , not to the myth : it lies precisely in the poet 's [try] to palliate the dark truths that the myth represents .

Man 's aspiration to transcend his limits entails sacrilege and suffering , being at bottom an attempt to reimpose the original unity of life .
man 's aspiration to transcend his limits entails sacrilege and suffering , being at bottom an [try] to reimpose the original unity of life .

Whenever truth is uncovered , the artist 's pleasure lies in contemplating whatever is still unexplained , whereas theoretical man finds pleasure in something already explained and , above all , in the attempt to explain still further .
whenever truth is uncovered , the artist 's pleasure lies in contemplating whatever is still unexplained , whereas theoretical man finds pleasure in something already explained and , above all , in the [try] to explain still further .

Since the time of Winckelmann , Goethe and Schiller , the German attempt to recreate the achievement of ancient Greek culture has grown increasingly feebler because of a failure to penetrate into the essence of the Greek spirit .
since the time of winckelmann , goethe and schiller , the german [try] to recreate the achievement of ancient greek culture has grown increasingly feebler because of a failure to penetrate into the essence of the greek spirit .

The attempt to use the theatre for purposes of moral education , still practised in Schiller 's time , was soon discredited .
the [try] to use the theatre for purposes of moral education , still practised in schiller 's time , was soon discredited .

In an attempt to reduce the omnipresent `` miners ' lung `` had he not attempted to persuade the men to grow bushy moustaches which would , he reasoned , act as dust filters ?
in an [try] to reduce the omnipresent `` miners ' lung `` had he not attempted to persuade the men to grow bushy moustaches which would , he reasoned , act as dust filters ?

Might it have happened that she met a horse drawn set on its way to day , and that she squeezed herself against the tunnel wall in a vain attempt to let it by without harm to herself ?
might it have happened that she met a horse drawn set on its way to day , and that she squeezed herself against the tunnel wall in a vain [try] to let it by without harm to herself ?

An attempt was also made to devise a system whose purpose was to indicate all the phonetic clues to grammar .
an [try] was also made to devise a system whose purpose was to indicate all the phonetic clues to grammar .

3 As an adjunct to a preceding noun : He made no attempt to deny his guilt .
3 as an adjunct to a preceding noun : he made no [try] to deny his guilt .

In the year 1531 , an attempt had been made to poison Fisher whilst at his palace at Lambeth , the attempt failing owing to the bishop being unable to take food , but 19 people died and others were taken seriously ill .
in the year 1531 , an [try] had been made to poison fisher whilst at his palace at lambeth , the [try] failing owing to the bishop being unable to take food , but 19 people died and others were taken seriously ill .

In September 1928 , at the instigation of the diehards , the Empress was involved in yet another attempt to overthrow Ras Tafari ; her soldiers were ordered to arrest him while he was at the palace .
in september 1928 , at the instigation of the diehards , the empress was involved in yet another [try] to overthrow ras tafari ; her soldiers were ordered to arrest him while he was at the palace .

attempt to define what Wersig calls the `` problem situation `` and consider information need as arising from `` a recognized anomaly in the user 's state of knowledge concerning some topic or situation and that in general , the user is unable to specify precisely what is needed to resolve that anomaly . ``
[try] to define what wersig calls the `` problem situation `` and consider information need as arising from `` a recognized anomaly in the user 's state of knowledge concerning some topic or situation and that in general , the user is unable to specify precisely what is needed to resolve that anomaly . ``

Instead of regarding all confrontation situations as zero-sum games ( in which for one side to win the other must lose ) we could attempt to extract gains for both sides .
instead of regarding all confrontation situations as zero-sum games ( in which for one side to win the other must lose ) we could [try] to extract gains for both sides .

The joys of design often mean that there is a tendency to design and attempt to install a totally new system if the old one is seen not to be working particularly well .
the joys of design often mean that there is a tendency to design and [try] to install a totally new system if the old one is seen not to be working particularly well .

There may be an attempt to increase profits by so lowering the price that no profits are possible .
there may be an [try] to increase profits by so lowering the price that no profits are possible .

Instead of trying to solve the problem all at once there is an attempt to create sub-problems .
instead of trying to solve the problem all at once there is an [try] to create sub-problems .

Failure to find the right concept at the first attempt simply leads to a second attempt and a third attempt .
failure to find the right concept at the first [try] simply leads to a second [try] and a third [try] .

There is no attempt to bring about a complete switch-over .
there is no [try] to bring about a complete switch-over .

In the drawing an attempt is being made to enlarge the information field on a broad front : it is between the general exploration and the focused thrust .
in the drawing an [try] is being made to enlarge the information field on a broad front : it is between the general exploration and the focused thrust .

An attempt is then made to reach that destination ( provide the answer ) by extending the information field in that direction .
an [try] is then made to reach that destination ( provide the answer ) by extending the information field in that direction .

Instead there is an attempt to consolidate what is already known .
instead there is an [try] to consolidate what is already known .

There is not even an attempt at leadership .
there is not even an [try] at leadership .

Redpath did n't attempt any detailed examination on the spot .
redpath did n't [try] any detailed examination on the spot .

The three men on board admitted to the smuggling attempt and a fourth man was picked up by the police as the waited in a parked car at the landing place .
the three men on board admitted to the smuggling [try] and a fourth man was picked up by the police as the waited in a parked car at the landing place .

To facilitate the sorting and parcelling of seizures , we had piles of cigarettes , tobacco and spirits spread around the deck and on the quayside which we would never have dared to attempt in any other place .
to facilitate the sorting and parcelling of seizures , we had piles of cigarettes , tobacco and spirits spread around the deck and on the quayside which we would never have dared to [try] in any other place .

Late November found us weather bound at Gt Yarmouth with a stiff north-easter which , after one aborted attempt at continuing northward , had sent us scurrying back to Yarmouth .
late november found us weather bound at gt yarmouth with a stiff north-easter which , after one aborted [try] at continuing northward , had sent us scurrying back to yarmouth .

We then left Gt Yarmouth for another attempt at a passage northward and found less wind but a nasty swell outside the harbour .
we then left gt yarmouth for another [try] at a passage northward and found less wind but a nasty swell outside the harbour .

No attempt will be made here to discuss the chemistry of polymers but certain terms used by the chemists must be defined if the simple physicist 's view of the polymeric state of matter is to be understood .
no [try] will be made here to discuss the chemistry of polymers but certain terms used by the chemists must be defined if the simple physicist 's view of the polymeric state of matter is to be understood .

To attempt to review all the molecular theories of the mechanical properties would require a very considerable amount of space and it is not the purpose of this book to do this .
to [try] to review all the molecular theories of the mechanical properties would require a very considerable amount of space and it is not the purpose of this book to do this .

In seven patients with severe cholangitis no attempt was made to extract the stones .
in seven patients with severe cholangitis no [try] was made to extract the stones .

An attempt was made to extract the bile duct stones in 33 ( 82.5 % ) of the patients .
an [try] was made to extract the bile duct stones in 33 ( 82.5 % ) of the patients .

In 13 ( 32.5 % ) patients the insertion of the endoprosthesis was considered a temporary measure either before planned surgery ( 10 cases ) or a repeat attempt to clear the duct endoscopically ( three cases ) .
in 13 ( 32.5 % ) patients the insertion of the endoprosthesis was considered a temporary measure either before planned surgery ( 10 cases ) or a repeat [try] to clear the duct endoscopically ( three cases ) .

In patients in whom endoprosthesis was inserted as a short term measure before surgery or a further attempt at endoscopic duct clearance the only complication observed with biliary colic in patients with gall bladders in situ ( four cases ) .
in patients in whom endoprosthesis was inserted as a short term measure before surgery or a further [try] at endoscopic duct clearance the only complication observed with biliary colic in patients with gall bladders in situ ( four cases ) .

As pressure measurements obtained from colonic probes 5 cm apart can be very different , some workers have summed the pressure activity from adjacent channels to obtain a value for the colonic segment under study as a whole in an attempt to standardise analysis .
as pressure measurements obtained from colonic probes 5 cm apart can be very different , some workers have summed the pressure activity from adjacent channels to obtain a value for the colonic segment under study as a whole in an [try] to standardise analysis .

This situation makes it difficult to use basal colonic motility as a basis for comparisons and has led to the development of provocation tests in a controlled environment in an attempt to characterise differences between groups of patients .
this situation makes it difficult to use basal colonic motility as a basis for comparisons and has led to the development of provocation tests in a controlled environment in an [try] to characterise differences between groups of patients .

Ulceration occurs because of an imbalance between agressive and defensive forces within the duodenum and an attempt has been made to elucidate the pathomechanism of this ulder by determining acid and pepsin secretion .
ulceration occurs because of an imbalance between agressive and defensive forces within the duodenum and an [try] has been made to elucidate the pathomechanism of this ulder by determining acid and pepsin secretion .

Antibodies are produced by the body 's immune system in an attempt to neutralize toxins or viruses .
antibodies are produced by the body 's immune system in an [try] to neutralize toxins or viruses .

This is the first attempt to compare the biliary cholesterol metastability of paired hepatic and gall bladder bile between the patients with cholesterol gall stones and the gall stone free patients .
this is the first [try] to compare the biliary cholesterol metastability of paired hepatic and gall bladder bile between the patients with cholesterol gall stones and the gall stone free patients .

In an attempt to localise , in vivo , the site of neutrophil chemoattractants in patients with ulcerative colitis and Crohn 's disease , we used a dual isotope method to quantitate simultaneously intestinal inflammation and blood loss .
in an [try] to localise , in vivo , the site of neutrophil chemoattractants in patients with ulcerative colitis and crohn 's disease , we used a dual isotope method to quantitate simultaneously intestinal inflammation and blood loss .

Every attempt was made to ensure that the trial was double blind .
every [try] was made to ensure that the trial was double blind .

Our aim was to investigate food intolerances in Crohn 's disease after treatment with elemental diet and its importance in the duration remission induced by diet in an attempt to determine how valuable such therapeutic dietary manipulation is .
our aim was to investigate food intolerances in crohn 's disease after treatment with elemental diet and its importance in the duration remission induced by diet in an [try] to determine how valuable such therapeutic dietary manipulation is .

After a third attempt at oesophogoscopy in March 1978 a picture consistent with non-Hodgkin 's lymphoma was found .
after a third [try] at oesophogoscopy in march 1978 a picture consistent with non-hodgkin 's lymphoma was found .

Over the past few years there has been increasing interest in the biological characteristics of biliary and gall bladder epithelial cells in an attempt to enhance our understanding of diseases affecting the biliary tree .
over the past few years there has been increasing interest in the biological characteristics of biliary and gall bladder epithelial cells in an [try] to enhance our understanding of diseases affecting the biliary tree .

Because endoscopic follow up was inconsistent , we did not attempt to make an assessment of endoscopic disease activity during the treatment period .
because endoscopic follow up was inconsistent , we did not [try] to make an assessment of endoscopic disease activity during the treatment period .

This problem has been recognised and a variety of methods have been instituted in an attempt to avoid it .
this problem has been recognised and a variety of methods have been instituted in an [try] to avoid it .

In this study we report the results of detailed analysis of the faecal unconjugated bile acid profiles of patients with colorectal cancer or polyps in comparison with controls and in which a careful attempt at controlling for confounding factors has been made .
in this study we report the results of detailed analysis of the faecal unconjugated bile acid profiles of patients with colorectal cancer or polyps in comparison with controls and in which a careful [try] at controlling for confounding factors has been made .

In an attempt to validate experimental conditions , when injury and rapid repair of the rat gastric mucosa can be studied under the influence of a longacting anaesthetic , we found that urethane anaesthesia prevents rapid repair of the ethanol damaged rat gastric mucosa within three hours after ethanol .
in an [try] to validate experimental conditions , when injury and rapid repair of the rat gastric mucosa can be studied under the influence of a longacting anaesthetic , we found that urethane anaesthesia prevents rapid repair of the ethanol damaged rat gastric mucosa within three hours after ethanol .

We attempt to describe also the prevalence of longterm use of peptic ulcer drugs and the epidemiologic risk factors for longterm use in Denmark .
we [try] to describe also the prevalence of longterm use of peptic ulcer drugs and the epidemiologic risk factors for longterm use in denmark .

He had emergency operation without a further attempt to control bleeding by endoscopy .
he had emergency operation without a further [try] to control bleeding by endoscopy .

In all patients an attempt was made to treat the lesion by injection of up to 10 ml epinephrine ( 1:10000 ) and up to 6 ml 1 % polidocanol .
in all patients an [try] was made to treat the lesion by injection of up to 10 ml epinephrine ( 1:10000 ) and up to 6 ml 1 % polidocanol .

Another patient experienced a recurrence of Dieulafoy 's lesion half a year after an initially successful endoscopic approach and had surgical intervention without a further endoscopic attempt ( histologically proved case of Dieulafoy 's disease , see the Figure ) .
another patient experienced a recurrence of dieulafoy 's lesion half a year after an initially successful endoscopic approach and had surgical intervention without a further endoscopic [try] ( histologically proved case of dieulafoy 's disease , see the figure ) .

We therefore believe , that in unclear cases of severe upper gastrointestinal bleeding a vigorous attempt should be made to identify the lesion to avoid unnecessary surgery .
we therefore believe , that in unclear cases of severe upper gastrointestinal bleeding a vigorous [try] should be made to identify the lesion to avoid unnecessary surgery .

Sections from five patients that were found to show inappropriate expression of blood group antigens in liver and colon were treated with neuraminidase using established protocols in an attempt to see whether digestion of sialic acid residues would abolish staining .
sections from five patients that were found to show inappropriate expression of blood group antigens in liver and colon were treated with neuraminidase using established protocols in an [try] to see whether digestion of sialic acid residues would abolish staining .

There was an attempt , ’ he added , ‘ aided and abetted by other nobles , to rescue the Queen 's children from the rightful custody of the Council .
there was an [try] , ’ he added , ‘ aided and abetted by other nobles , to rescue the queen 's children from the rightful custody of the council .

Some attempt had been made to straighten the limbs and that was all .
some [try] had been made to straighten the limbs and that was all .

We attempt to gather ourselves up ,
we [try] to gather ourselves up ,

‘ Utterly vain is , alas ! this attempt at the Absolute , — wholly ! ’
‘ utterly vain is , alas ! this [try] at the absolute , — wholly ! ’

Indeed , at that very moment , Robertson , who had spent the morning since his release drinking black Nescafe in an attempt to clear his head , was handing out drafts of speeches which he wished his mates to make in that debate .
indeed , at that very moment , robertson , who had spent the morning since his release drinking black nescafe in an [try] to clear his head , was handing out drafts of speeches which he wished his mates to make in that debate .

Hyacinth Scragg , escorted by a camera crew , director and producer , was let through the barrier with scarcely an attempt at scrutiny .
hyacinth scragg , escorted by a camera crew , director and producer , was let through the barrier with scarcely an [try] at scrutiny .

His well-meaning attempt at being nice to Black Britons amounted to little more than the recital of a catalogue of sporting achievement .
his well-meaning [try] at being nice to black britons amounted to little more than the recital of a catalogue of sporting achievement .

Yet it was not an unsuccessful attempt to bring out the best in his audience .
yet it was not an unsuccessful [try] to bring out the best in his audience .

She made no attempt to wipe them away and one by one they dripped from her nose and chin on to the hands that lay folded in her lap .
she made no [try] to wipe them away and one by one they dripped from her nose and chin on to the hands that lay folded in her lap .

In their search for fingerprints , the detectives had been liberal in their use of grey aluminium powder and little or no attempt had been made to remove it .
in their search for fingerprints , the detectives had been liberal in their use of grey aluminium powder and little or no [try] had been made to remove it .

Like someone drowning , she fought for air , gasping and retching , covering her eyes in a futile attempt to blot out the memory of the crushed skull , the shattered features and the foul , oozing stain .
like someone drowning , she fought for air , gasping and retching , covering her eyes in a futile [try] to blot out the memory of the crushed skull , the shattered features and the foul , oozing stain .

Melissa 's attempt to find some words of comfort was interrupted by the sharp sound of metal on stone as the scissors slipped from Eleanor 's hand .
melissa 's [try] to find some words of comfort was interrupted by the sharp sound of metal on stone as the scissors slipped from eleanor 's hand .

’ As an attempt to introduce a note of levity , the words were a disastrous flop .
’ as an [try] to introduce a note of levity , the words were a disastrous flop .

Whilst the self-appraisal might be viewed as the school 's attempt to defend its policies and practices , rather than to appraise itself , and to make a special case for extra resources and improved staffing , the inspection could be seen as a process of ensuring that the school was performing to an acceptable standard and that no serious problems existed in terms of teacher performance and in terms of resources needed to carry out the curriculum .
whilst the self-appraisal might be viewed as the school 's [try] to defend its policies and practices , rather than to appraise itself , and to make a special case for extra resources and improved staffing , the inspection could be seen as a process of ensuring that the school was performing to an acceptable standard and that no serious problems existed in terms of teacher performance and in terms of resources needed to carry out the curriculum .

No attempt will be made to press teacher or pupil to discuss or provide data if they do not wish to .
no [try] will be made to press teacher or pupil to discuss or provide data if they do not wish to .

Assurances were given about the number of lesson visits on which judgments about teachers ' competence would be based , and an attempt to make the procedure more ‘ egalitarian ’ , or ‘ fraternal ’ was blocked .
assurances were given about the number of lesson visits on which judgments about teachers ' competence would be based , and an [try] to make the procedure more ‘ egalitarian ’ , or ‘ fraternal ’ was blocked .

In an automatic attempt to improve this the sender will find himself repeating the same statements several times , with variations , in response to repeated questions from the receivers .
in an automatic [try] to improve this the sender will find himself repeating the same statements several times , with variations , in response to repeated questions from the receivers .

The question centred on whatever impressions the American had gained from a discouraging experience , another failed attempt to resurrect a career that was seriously undermined by the beating he took from Mike Tyson two years ago .
the question centred on whatever impressions the american had gained from a discouraging experience , another failed [try] to resurrect a career that was seriously undermined by the beating he took from mike tyson two years ago .

Difficult as it may be , he should attempt to settle more delicate issues .
difficult as it may be , he should [try] to settle more delicate issues .

However , his membership of the team could prove an embarrassment to the Government , which is subsidising his bid attempt .
however , his membership of the team could prove an embarrassment to the government , which is subsidising his bid [try] .

Excluded , naturally , from the better parties , some of them would attempt to get on terms with their social superiors by bursting in with a search warrant in one hand and evidence in another , which they would produce from nowhere like cabaret artists plucking doves out of the air .
excluded , naturally , from the better parties , some of them would [try] to get on terms with their social superiors by bursting in with a search warrant in one hand and evidence in another , which they would produce from nowhere like cabaret artists plucking doves out of the air .

But troops loyal to the general foiled the attempt and he emerged with his customary grin and triumphal air-punching .
but troops loyal to the general foiled the [try] and he emerged with his customary grin and triumphal air-punching .

But the latest abductions may also be a deliberate attempt to embarrass the Palestine Liberation Organisation which controls most of the Palestinian areas of Sidon .
but the latest abductions may also be a deliberate [try] to embarrass the palestine liberation organisation which controls most of the palestinian areas of sidon .

Rebels ‘ shot dead after Panama coup attempt ’
rebels ‘ shot dead after panama coup [try] ’

The ‘ fog of war ’ — a phrase used by several administration officials to explain the confusion in the Panamanian command post — had prevented any clear view that an attempt to seize General Noreiga would succeed .
the ‘ fog of war ’ — a phrase used by several administration officials to explain the confusion in the panamanian command post — had prevented any clear view that an [try] to seize general noreiga would succeed .

The suppression of trade union and democratic rights by the military authorities is reflected in their attempt to impose a new trade union law in the absence of leaders , thus violating international conventions and agreements , including the Universal Declaration of Human Rights , to which Sudan is a signatory .
the suppression of trade union and democratic rights by the military authorities is reflected in their [try] to impose a new trade union law in the absence of leaders , thus violating international conventions and agreements , including the universal declaration of human rights , to which sudan is a signatory .

The first serious attempt at a mechanistic account of behaviour was concerned with animal orientation .
the first serious [try] at a mechanistic account of behaviour was concerned with animal orientation .

By that time it was difficult to punish the offender , and the Crown frequently abandoned the attempt to exact fines and arrears from ex-wardens .
by that time it was difficult to punish the offender , and the crown frequently abandoned the [try] to exact fines and arrears from ex-wardens .

The Forests Under the First Two Stuarts : the Last Attempt to Re-establish the Full Forest Administration
the forests under the first two stuarts : the last [try] to re-establish the full forest administration

Under Holland 's direction the Forest courts were again revived , and once again an attempt was made to fill an empty Treasury with Forest fines and amercements .
under holland 's direction the forest courts were again revived , and once again an [try] was made to fill an empty treasury with forest fines and amercements .

Charles realized that he must abandon the attempt to re-assert the Forest rights enjoyed by his medieval predecessors .
charles realized that he must abandon the [try] to re-assert the forest rights enjoyed by his medieval predecessors .

The Crown made one last attempt to revive the Forest law and the Forest courts , not for the preservation of the king 's hunting rights , but to promote the production of timber .
the crown made one last [try] to revive the forest law and the forest courts , not for the preservation of the king 's hunting rights , but to promote the production of timber .

The ancient Forest system was in fact cumbrous and inefficient : the attempt to revive it as an instrument of Crown policy was doomed to failure .
the ancient forest system was in fact cumbrous and inefficient : the [try] to revive it as an instrument of crown policy was doomed to failure .

There had been an attempt , through Acts of Parliament , to revive the election of local Forest officers and the holding of local Forest courts in some forests ; these measures were intended to preserve the forest woods and to increase timber production by enclosure of the forest wastes .
there had been an [try] , through acts of parliament , to revive the election of local forest officers and the holding of local forest courts in some forests ; these measures were intended to preserve the forest woods and to increase timber production by enclosure of the forest wastes .

But though the forest officers , together with four men and the reeve from each forest vill , and a jury of twelve held their ‘ Speech Court ’ once a year at Kensley in the presence of the deputy constable of St Briavels , the proceedings were largely ineffective : the violent opposition of the commoners frustrated the attempt to enclose the forest wastes .
but though the forest officers , together with four men and the reeve from each forest vill , and a jury of twelve held their ‘ speech court ’ once a year at kensley in the presence of the deputy constable of st briavels , the proceedings were largely ineffective : the violent opposition of the commoners frustrated the [try] to enclose the forest wastes .

But the attempt to remove the deer failed in both forests , because fresh stock kept coming in from adjoining woods .
but the [try] to remove the deer failed in both forests , because fresh stock kept coming in from adjoining woods .

This Act was unsuccessful also in its attempt to develop the New Forest as a source of timber by a ‘ rolling programme ’ of inclosure .
this act was unsuccessful also in its [try] to develop the new forest as a source of timber by a ‘ rolling programme ’ of inclosure .

Initially , of course , those who drove her out had to justify their actions to Elizabeth and prevent the English queen making any serious attempt to restore her sister of Scotland ; and they used that scholar of European distinction , George Buchanan , as their apologist , thus enabling the grave and learned humanist to display a remarkable talent for writing , as it were , copy for the Sun in the style of The Times , in his sensational Ane detectioun of the doinges of Marie quene of Scottes .
initially , of course , those who drove her out had to justify their actions to elizabeth and prevent the english queen making any serious [try] to restore her sister of scotland ; and they used that scholar of european distinction , george buchanan , as their apologist , thus enabling the grave and learned humanist to display a remarkable talent for writing , as it were , copy for the sun in the style of the times , in his sensational ane detectioun of the doinges of marie quene of scottes .

The attempt to hold the annual procession on the feast-day itself , 1 September , with a substitute statue borrowed for the occasion from the Greyfriars , produced a riot ; ‘ the Grey Friars gaped , the Black Friars blew , the priests panted and fled ’ — and the Greyfriars lost their statue , its head shattered on an Edinburgh causeway .
the [try] to hold the annual procession on the feast-day itself , 1 september , with a substitute statue borrowed for the occasion from the greyfriars , produced a riot ; ‘ the grey friars gaped , the black friars blew , the priests panted and fled ’ — and the greyfriars lost their statue , its head shattered on an edinburgh causeway .

Only the most cynical of historians can attempt to challenge the religious sincerity of men like Glencairn and Argyll and their associates .
only the most cynical of historians can [try] to challenge the religious sincerity of men like glencairn and argyll and their associates .

After Bela Kun 's failed attempt to establish a socialist republic on the Soviet model in 1919 , an administration was established in March 1920 with Admiral Horthy as regent .
after bela kun 's failed [try] to establish a socialist republic on the soviet model in 1919 , an administration was established in march 1920 with admiral horthy as regent .

There was something cold-blooded about using his father 's death to make a poem ; she had changed the names so that she could attempt to get it published , and it was going to be .
there was something cold-blooded about using his father 's death to make a poem ; she had changed the names so that she could [try] to get it published , and it was going to be .

The attempt to see the Christian message in the secular world ended up in seeing the secular world in the Christian message and then in confusing the two .
the [try] to see the christian message in the secular world ended up in seeing the secular world in the christian message and then in confusing the two .

In the attempt to win society 's approval by a cultured ministry that had both sweetness and light , would Nonconformity produce a ministry cut off from the faithful ?
in the [try] to win society 's approval by a cultured ministry that had both sweetness and light , would nonconformity produce a ministry cut off from the faithful ?

When Booth 's assistant visited the church he praised it as a ‘ great and successful attempt to adapt the aspiring and inspiriting beauty of Gothic architecture to the congregational ideal ’ .
when booth 's assistant visited the church he praised it as a ‘ great and successful [try] to adapt the aspiring and inspiriting beauty of gothic architecture to the congregational ideal ’ .

Cubitt 's greatest savagery was reserved for the ‘ Meeting-House Gallery ’ ’ which he described as ‘ about the crudest attempt ever made at providing seats for a certain number of people over the heads of the rest ’ , a ‘ failure practically , and a horror artistically ’ , ‘ uncouth ’ and a ‘ gigantic misfit ’ .
cubitt 's greatest savagery was reserved for the ‘ meeting-house gallery ’ ’ which he described as ‘ about the crudest [try] ever made at providing seats for a certain number of people over the heads of the rest ’ , a ‘ failure practically , and a horror artistically ’ , ‘ uncouth ’ and a ‘ gigantic misfit ’ .

It had refused to discuss an issue which to many was becoming a red herring in an attempt to win Presbyterian and , more importantly , Wesleyan support .
it had refused to discuss an issue which to many was becoming a red herring in an [try] to win presbyterian and , more importantly , wesleyan support .

It was an attempt at prohibition that was never wholly successful but it did set an example .
it was an [try] at prohibition that was never wholly successful but it did set an example .

Miss Harker made an attempt to rally .
miss harker made an [try] to rally .

Joy made one last desperate attempt and produced the most horrendous squeak ever , like a hare caught by a harvest scythe .
joy made one last desperate [try] and produced the most horrendous squeak ever , like a hare caught by a harvest scythe .

Seiji Ozawa , a Karajan pupil , has reported how , as a teacher , Karajan would identify a point at issue but never proffer a solution , conforming to another fine adage of teaching : ‘ You may take the pupil to the window but on no account should you attempt to describe the view .
seiji ozawa , a karajan pupil , has reported how , as a teacher , karajan would identify a point at issue but never proffer a solution , conforming to another fine adage of teaching : ‘ you may take the pupil to the window but on no account should you [try] to describe the view .

By scorning concert-hall constants , Karajan was making a realistic attempt to put music on film .
by scorning concert-hall constants , karajan was making a realistic [try] to put music on film .

And this is why your first attempt to conduct a great work will often end up as a disaster , because you do n't know where the real points of stress are , you do n't know how the piece is distributed .
and this is why your first [try] to conduct a great work will often end up as a disaster , because you do n't know where the real points of stress are , you do n't know how the piece is distributed .

If we attempt the role of bystander , then two dots are observed in reciprocal tension .
if we [try] the role of bystander , then two dots are observed in reciprocal tension .

It will be interesting to study experiments in graphic and theatrical design that attempt to explore this relationship .
it will be interesting to study experiments in graphic and theatrical design that [try] to explore this relationship .

And as part of that process , we attempt to imitate and parallel nature 's wonders and its creativity .
and as part of that process , we [try] to imitate and parallel nature 's wonders and its creativity .

Although O'Neill tried to present the case as one of the law simply taking its natural course to deal with illegal disorder , the Free Presbyterians saw it as a deliberate attempt to use the apparatus of the state to suppress true Bible Protestantism .
although o'neill tried to present the case as one of the law simply taking its natural course to deal with illegal disorder , the free presbyterians saw it as a deliberate [try] to use the apparatus of the state to suppress true bible protestantism .

Ivan Foster , in an attempt to show that Knox and Calvin were democrats , pointed out that they sought such popular mandates as were available in their societies .
ivan foster , in an [try] to show that knox and calvin were democrats , pointed out that they sought such popular mandates as were available in their societies .

Because they were only half the size of a mature Thoroughbred , they were not tall enough to see over their stable doors or internal walls so that when someone opened the stable doors , the weanlings would attempt to climb the walls in sheer terror !
because they were only half the size of a mature thoroughbred , they were not tall enough to see over their stable doors or internal walls so that when someone opened the stable doors , the weanlings would [try] to climb the walls in sheer terror !

In Earls Court in 1966 , before the days of good acoustic panels , we draped silk parachutes from the roof in an attempt to cut down the echo ; nowadays technology helps !
in earls court in 1966 , before the days of good acoustic panels , we draped silk parachutes from the roof in an [try] to cut down the echo ; nowadays technology helps !

Norton 's Coin won four point-to-points out of ten runs over three seasons and then developed into a good chaser : by the time of his Gold Cup attempt he had won four of his fourteen races under Rules , including a valuable chase at Cheltenham the previous April .
norton 's coin won four point-to-points out of ten runs over three seasons and then developed into a good chaser : by the time of his gold cup [try] he had won four of his fourteen races under rules , including a valuable chase at cheltenham the previous april .

Worse was to follow for the great mare , for after winning a match at Punchestown against Buck House ( who the day before her Gold Cup victory had won the two-mile Queen Mother Champion Chase at Cheltenham ) and running second in the Prix la Barka at Auteuil , she returned to the French course in June to attempt a repeat victory in the Grand Course de Haies .
worse was to follow for the great mare , for after winning a match at punchestown against buck house ( who the day before her gold cup victory had won the two-mile queen mother champion chase at cheltenham ) and running second in the prix la barka at auteuil , she returned to the french course in june to [try] a repeat victory in the grand course de haies .

Thus book is an attempt to look at some of the things that go on when people face a loss of someone or something significant in their lives .
thus book is an [try] to look at some of the things that go on when people face a loss of someone or something significant in their lives .

This is society 's attempt to recognize what is happening and to institute a mourning process .
this is society 's [try] to recognize what is happening and to institute a mourning process .

Often the most useful thing we can do is something obvious and practical that other people may be overlooking in their attempt to be helpful .
often the most useful thing we can do is something obvious and practical that other people may be overlooking in their [try] to be helpful .

’ For some Christians the fact that we are made in God 's image means that we are in some respects killing God if we attempt suicide , and so there can be no more serious sin .
’ for some christians the fact that we are made in god 's image means that we are in some respects killing god if we [try] suicide , and so there can be no more serious sin .

It was dreadful to see and all the more frightening for the misery of the expression which no attempt at smiling could lift .
it was dreadful to see and all the more frightening for the misery of the expression which no [try] at smiling could lift .

In Bavaria , most of which was overwhelmingly Catholic , by far the greatest unrest was provoked by the crude attempt to remove crucifixes from school classrooms .
in bavaria , most of which was overwhelmingly catholic , by far the greatest unrest was provoked by the crude [try] to remove crucifixes from school classrooms .

The reactions to the attempt on Hitler 's life provide a veiled reflection of the Führer 's popular standing at this low ebb in Germany 's fortunes .
the reactions to the [try] on hitler 's life provide a veiled reflection of the führer 's popular standing at this low ebb in germany 's fortunes .

Intimidation was , of course , at its height with regard to comments on the attempt on Hitler 's life , an act of ‘ high treason ’ for which those involved , and their families , suffered the most draconian reprisals .
intimidation was , of course , at its height with regard to comments on the [try] on hitler 's life , an act of ‘ high treason ’ for which those involved , and their families , suffered the most draconian reprisals .

Even the Government President of Upper Bavaria felt compelled to admit that the relief about Hitler 's survival was not unanimous , but that ‘ part of the population would have welcomed the success of the assassination attempt in the first instance because they would have hoped for an earlier end to the war from it ’ .
even the government president of upper bavaria felt compelled to admit that the relief about hitler 's survival was not unanimous , but that ‘ part of the population would have welcomed the success of the assassination [try] in the first instance because they would have hoped for an earlier end to the war from it ’ .

Other reports in this district spoke of the reluctance of the population to express any opinion ; in one place , farmers , hearing the news of the attempt in a pub , sat ‘ dumb at the tables ’ and ‘ no one dared to say anything ’ .
other reports in this district spoke of the reluctance of the population to express any opinion ; in one place , farmers , hearing the news of the [try] in a pub , sat ‘ dumb at the tables ’ and ‘ no one dared to say anything ’ .

While anti-Hitler remarks were obviously dangerous , it was not necessary to write in glowing praise of him , or even to mention him and the attempt on his life at all .
while anti-hitler remarks were obviously dangerous , it was not necessary to write in glowing praise of him , or even to mention him and the [try] on his life at all .

We can infer from the available evidence , unsatisfactory though it is in many respects , that , as had been the case in 1939 , the attempt on Hitler 's life polarized sentiments .
we can infer from the available evidence , unsatisfactory though it is in many respects , that , as had been the case in 1939 , the [try] on hitler 's life polarized sentiments .

Members of the conspiracy were themselves well aware in advance that their attempt would have little popular backing .
members of the conspiracy were themselves well aware in advance that their [try] would have little popular backing .

Hitler 's speech on 20 July after the attempt on his life was turned into a criticism of him and the regime .
hitler 's speech on 20 july after the [try] on his life was turned into a criticism of him and the regime .

His speeches were , of course , dominated by the great foreign political issues of the year , but there can be no doubt that Hitler was deliberately steering clear of the ‘ Jewish Question ’ , and that there was a continued conscious attempt to dissociate his public image from the seamier side of anti-Semitism visible in the renewed growing violence of Party activists .
his speeches were , of course , dominated by the great foreign political issues of the year , but there can be no doubt that hitler was deliberately steering clear of the ‘ jewish question ’ , and that there was a continued conscious [try] to dissociate his public image from the seamier side of anti-semitism visible in the renewed growing violence of party activists .

The nauseating ‘ documentary ’ film , Der ewige Jude ( The Eternal Jew ) , receiving its première in November 1940 — a year which also saw the production of two other anti-Semitic films , Jud Süss and Die Rothschilds , in a concentrated attempt to ‘ educate ’ German opinion and harden attitudes on the ‘ Jewish Question ’ — provides an illustration of the way in which propaganda was now directly linking Hitler himself with the need for a most radical ‘ solution ’ to the ‘ Jewish problem ’ .
the nauseating ‘ documentary ’ film , der ewige jude ( the eternal jew ) , receiving its première in november 1940 — a year which also saw the production of two other anti-semitic films , jud süss and die rothschilds , in a concentrated [try] to ‘ educate ’ german opinion and harden attitudes on the ‘ jewish question ’ — provides an illustration of the way in which propaganda was now directly linking hitler himself with the need for a most radical ‘ solution ’ to the ‘ jewish problem ’ .

The orthodox gave the latter term a pejorative sense ; the apocryphal texts were correctly seen as an attempt to replace the books accepted by the mainstream communities and included in their church lectionary as authentic representatives of the apostolic tradition of faith .
the orthodox gave the latter term a pejorative sense ; the apocryphal texts were correctly seen as an [try] to replace the books accepted by the mainstream communities and included in their church lectionary as authentic representatives of the apostolic tradition of faith .

Some places welcomed Julian 's pagan revival ; others , including some large and important cities , were much less enthusiastic about his attempt to reimpose it after a generation of rule by Christian emperors .
some places welcomed julian 's pagan revival ; others , including some large and important cities , were much less enthusiastic about his [try] to reimpose it after a generation of rule by christian emperors .

Within a few years of this last attempt by an emperor to rally the Roman empire to paganism , a Greek bishop could speak of Julian 's pagan revival as a misguided attempt to introduce ‘ novelties ’ in place of the traditional religion ; but at much the same time in the West , Christians were still regarded as outside the mainstream of respectable upper-class culture , as the foolish minority who rejected the wise and hallowed traditions of their forefathers which had made Rome great .
within a few years of this last [try] by an emperor to rally the roman empire to paganism , a greek bishop could speak of julian 's pagan revival as a misguided [try] to introduce ‘ novelties ’ in place of the traditional religion ; but at much the same time in the west , christians were still regarded as outside the mainstream of respectable upper-class culture , as the foolish minority who rejected the wise and hallowed traditions of their forefathers which had made rome great .

Here a determined attempt was made in the last decades of the fourth century to uphold the ancient Roman religion along with the classical culture with which it was associated .
here a determined [try] was made in the last decades of the fourth century to uphold the ancient roman religion along with the classical culture with which it was associated .

Australian Supreme Court Judge Barry Beach kicked out their attempt to stop Grundy Television from releasing a special Neighbours video based on Kylie 's screen romance with Jason .
australian supreme court judge barry beach kicked out their [try] to stop grundy television from releasing a special neighbours video based on kylie 's screen romance with jason .

Yon Yonson married her in an evident attempt to qualify for the Irish dole .
yon yonson married her in an evident [try] to qualify for the irish dole .

The attempt to answer such questions from an examination of the coin evidence is only worthwhile where documentary evidence is deficient .
the [try] to answer such questions from an examination of the coin evidence is only worthwhile where documentary evidence is deficient .

For the ancient and medieval worlds documentary information of this type is almost totally lacking , and in the attempt to fill the gap we must turn to coins .
for the ancient and medieval worlds documentary information of this type is almost totally lacking , and in the [try] to fill the gap we must turn to coins .

An attempt to reconstruct the history of the Civil War on the basis of the distribution of coin hoards would be very misleading , and we must guard against the temptation to do so for other , less well documented periods .
an [try] to reconstruct the history of the civil war on the basis of the distribution of coin hoards would be very misleading , and we must guard against the temptation to do so for other , less well documented periods .

Less than ten are women and only one — a fifty-eight-year-old Indian doctor making his fourth attempt — is from an ethnic minority .
less than ten are women and only one — a fifty-eight-year-old indian doctor making his fourth [try] — is from an ethnic minority .

At a time when the clarion call is for intensified training , higher education and greater specialization , it is a contradiction in terms to attempt to eradicate one of the best educated specialized sectors of the community , a sector that has taken hundreds of years to be created and which has the rare advantage of combining its specialized knowledge with a practical technique inherited over centuries .
at a time when the clarion call is for intensified training , higher education and greater specialization , it is a contradiction in terms to [try] to eradicate one of the best educated specialized sectors of the community , a sector that has taken hundreds of years to be created and which has the rare advantage of combining its specialized knowledge with a practical technique inherited over centuries .

’ In an attempt to get away from Lord Rothschild 's stereotype , he trawled the country for new names , although it was not until 1980 that people were able to write in to nominate themselves .
’ in an [try] to get away from lord rothschild 's stereotype , he trawled the country for new names , although it was not until 1980 that people were able to write in to nominate themselves .

Even then , they can lose the post for the most bizarre reasons ; Downing Street myth has it that Richard Cobb failed on his first attempt to get the Oxford Chair of Modern History because he wore bicycle clips throughout his interview .
even then , they can lose the post for the most bizarre reasons ; downing street myth has it that richard cobb failed on his first [try] to get the oxford chair of modern history because he wore bicycle clips throughout his interview .

In an attempt to find new blood to lead the science research councils , the then education secretary , Sir Keith Joseph , a great proselytizer for the new approach , hired a firm of headhunters .
in an [try] to find new blood to lead the science research councils , the then education secretary , sir keith joseph , a great proselytizer for the new approach , hired a firm of headhunters .

However , if you set about it in the right way it can be an easy road , a pleasant country ramble rather than an attempt to scale Everest .
however , if you set about it in the right way it can be an easy road , a pleasant country ramble rather than an [try] to scale everest .

Relax and do not attempt to pull your tummy in hard .
relax and do not [try] to pull your tummy in hard .

Do not attempt to punish yourself for not making adequate progress .
do not [try] to punish yourself for not making adequate progress .

The Americans had offered arms , and they had offered peace , in an attempt to salvage something from ‘ this whole friggin ' thing ’ .
the americans had offered arms , and they had offered peace , in an [try] to salvage something from ‘ this whole friggin ' thing ’ .

On 14 February there was a third attempt to hold the election .
on 14 february there was a third [try] to hold the election .

In a parliamentary party democracy a large part of the electoral contest is the campaign : the candidates confront each other and attempt to persuade the individual members of the electorate to cast votes in their favour .
in a parliamentary party democracy a large part of the electoral contest is the campaign : the candidates confront each other and [try] to persuade the individual members of the electorate to cast votes in their favour .

Anthropologists are necessarily translators : they ‘ translate culture ’ in an attempt to make exotic experience intelligible to others who have not suffered or enjoyed it .
anthropologists are necessarily translators : they ‘ translate culture ’ in an [try] to make exotic experience intelligible to others who have not suffered or enjoyed it .

’ Only some Suwaya were interested in this exercise of reconstruction , and the attempt to build up a rounded picture of life under Arab government exposed a certain impatience .
’ only some suwaya were interested in this exercise of reconstruction , and the [try] to build up a rounded picture of life under arab government exposed a certain impatience .

They are the chief motor of history , undermining artificial creations such as states which attempt to impose solidarities on people , to claim their lives and property , for political or economic or military purposes .
they are the chief motor of history , undermining artificial creations such as states which [try] to impose solidarities on people , to claim their lives and property , for political or economic or military purposes .

The advantage of the Zuwaya image , from a libertarian point of view , is that the rallying points for groups larger than households are ancestors : dead men , who can not act ultra vires or be oppressive or unjust , or attempt to keep the group in being when the particular need for it has ceased .
the advantage of the zuwaya image , from a libertarian point of view , is that the rallying points for groups larger than households are ancestors : dead men , who can not act ultra vires or be oppressive or unjust , or [try] to keep the group in being when the particular need for it has ceased .

Shaikhs collected money from members of their lineages to support those who had no other support , or who had heavy expenses of certain kinds ( educational or medical , but not business expenses ) which they could not meet ; but these were in no sense an attempt to redistribute resources .
shaikhs collected money from members of their lineages to support those who had no other support , or who had heavy expenses of certain kinds ( educational or medical , but not business expenses ) which they could not meet ; but these were in no sense an [try] to redistribute resources .

Perhaps any attempt to sneak out would be a waste of time .
perhaps any [try] to sneak out would be a waste of time .

He began by telling the machine all about Zambia , to which it responded sagely , ‘ In humanity 's attempt to obtain the best of both genders , it appears to have harvested the worst .
he began by telling the machine all about zambia , to which it responded sagely , ‘ in humanity 's [try] to obtain the best of both genders , it appears to have harvested the worst .

The scheme was a dismal attempt at wholesale social engineering , at wiping out the past and beginning all over again — although it has to be said that the new phonetic script itself , based on a design by someone called Kingsley Read , was rather attractive .
the scheme was a dismal [try] at wholesale social engineering , at wiping out the past and beginning all over again — although it has to be said that the new phonetic script itself , based on a design by someone called kingsley read , was rather attractive .

But police do not think the arson attack was a deliberate attempt to put out lights in the town so that the looting could take place .
but police do not think the arson attack was a deliberate [try] to put out lights in the town so that the looting could take place .

One fireman was severely burned in a rescue attempt .
one fireman was severely burned in a rescue [try] .

At Oxford , Mr Gould joined the Labour Party partly in response to what he saw as an attempt by the City to frustrate the 1964 election results and he has retained a disdain for the get-rich-quick philosophy of the City ever since .
at oxford , mr gould joined the labour party partly in response to what he saw as an [try] by the city to frustrate the 1964 election results and he has retained a disdain for the get-rich-quick philosophy of the city ever since .

‘ There is a widespread view that the current rate is indefensible and that we will suffer great damage if we continue to attempt to defend it , ’ he said .
‘ there is a widespread view that the current rate is indefensible and that we will suffer great damage if we continue to [try] to defend it , ’ he said .

They were shocked by the failure of the Secret Service to stop the attack on Mr Reagan , who survived a bullet wound from an assassination attempt in 1981 during his first term as President .
they were shocked by the failure of the secret service to stop the attack on mr reagan , who survived a bullet wound from an assassination [try] in 1981 during his first term as president .

Mr Gould was under pressure from front-bench colleagues last night to declare his candidature as soon as Mr Kinnock makes his decision public , in an attempt to head off Mr Smith , who is widely regarded as the favourite .
mr gould was under pressure from front-bench colleagues last night to declare his candidature as soon as mr kinnock makes his decision public , in an [try] to head off mr smith , who is widely regarded as the favourite .

Others might launch an attempt if they can garner support : Ken Livingstone could emerge as candidate of the hard-Left Campaign group .
others might launch an [try] if they can garner support : ken livingstone could emerge as candidate of the hard-left campaign group .

Under a rule introduced to prevent frivolous challenges in the wake of an attempt by Tony Benn in 1987 , each candidate must first be backed by at least 20 per cent of Labour MPs .
under a rule introduced to prevent frivolous challenges in the wake of an [try] by tony benn in 1987 , each candidate must first be backed by at least 20 per cent of labour mps .

More important , he should see that they all spring from the same error — the attempt to fix the exchange rate .
more important , he should see that they all spring from the same error — the [try] to fix the exchange rate .

It was the attempt to restore the appearance of Gaitskellite centrality that produced Mr Kinnock 's revolution and the packaging operation to which he allowed it to be subjected , and his failure , even so , to conceal the Labour Party 's true character which produced disaster last Thursday .
it was the [try] to restore the appearance of gaitskellite centrality that produced mr kinnock 's revolution and the packaging operation to which he allowed it to be subjected , and his failure , even so , to conceal the labour party 's true character which produced disaster last thursday .

Hoare could attract takers for only about 30m , the placing was abandoned and another attempt will be made today once dealers have an indication of how Hongkong Bank 's share price has faired overnight in the Far East .
hoare could attract takers for only about 30m , the placing was abandoned and another [try] will be made today once dealers have an indication of how hongkong bank 's share price has faired overnight in the far east .

At the second attempt the bidding rose to £280,000 , Murphy commenting as he tapped the gavel : ‘ Prices seem to be appreciating rapidly in Hurst !
at the second [try] the bidding rose to £280,000 , murphy commenting as he tapped the gavel : ‘ prices seem to be appreciating rapidly in hurst !

Alas his final touchline conversion attempt drifted narrowly wide .
alas his final touchline conversion [try] drifted narrowly wide .

Ipswich were as lethargic at the start of the second half as they had been for the majority of the first and on the hour , in an attempt to liven them up , Lyall brought off Milton and Goddard to introduce Palmer and Johnson .
ipswich were as lethargic at the start of the second half as they had been for the majority of the first and on the hour , in an [try] to liven them up , lyall brought off milton and goddard to introduce palmer and johnson .

Analysts believe that the central bank , which cut interest rates by 1 percentage point last week in an attempt to stem the rise of the escudo , may be prepared to remove its barriers over the next few weeks if rate cuts staunch the flow of hot money into Lisbon .
analysts believe that the central bank , which cut interest rates by 1 percentage point last week in an [try] to stem the rise of the escudo , may be prepared to remove its barriers over the next few weeks if rate cuts staunch the flow of hot money into lisbon .

Her intervention — after dismissing reports at the weekend that she would be standing for the deputy leadership — will be seen as an attempt to block Mr Gould 's bid for the post .
her intervention — after dismissing reports at the weekend that she would be standing for the deputy leadership — will be seen as an [try] to block mr gould 's bid for the post .

Mr Treweek inched along the fuselage , changing his weight position in an attempt to help the pilot , Mr Brian Grant , 30 , to control the plane .
mr treweek inched along the fuselage , changing his weight position in an [try] to help the pilot , mr brian grant , 30 , to control the plane .

John Parsons in Nice is saddened to see the former world No 1 humbled in another comeback attempt at the age of 35
john parsons in nice is saddened to see the former world no 1 humbled in another comeback [try] at the age of 35

Sheffield went ahead after 30 minutes when Gage knocked the ball past Allen as he burst into the goalmouth and , though Walker parried both his shot and Deane 's follow-up , Deane beat him at the third attempt .
sheffield went ahead after 30 minutes when gage knocked the ball past allen as he burst into the goalmouth and , though walker parried both his shot and deane 's follow-up , deane beat him at the third [try] .

Andrea Wallace did herself proud with the bronze medal and a personal best of 2–31–32 in the women 's race , only her second attempt after winning at Carpi .
andrea wallace did herself proud with the bronze medal and a personal best of 2–31–32 in the women 's race , only her second [try] after winning at carpi .

Then Yorkshire mounted a 49th-minute attack and , aided by a deflection , Robert Ward got his shot home at the second attempt .
then yorkshire mounted a 49th-minute attack and , aided by a deflection , robert ward got his shot home at the second [try] .

The England striker , Tina Cullen , continued her excellent form when she was released by Maggie Souyave and beat goalkeeper Sue Knight at the second attempt in the 53rd minute to send the match into penalties .
the england striker , tina cullen , continued her excellent form when she was released by maggie souyave and beat goalkeeper sue knight at the second [try] in the 53rd minute to send the match into penalties .

Though his current technique is based on the battle against fast bowling ( he is moving back rather than across in an attempt to eliminate his Achilles heel , the lbw decision ) , he plays slow bowling with rare arrogance .
though his current technique is based on the battle against fast bowling ( he is moving back rather than across in an [try] to eliminate his achilles heel , the lbw decision ) , he plays slow bowling with rare arrogance .

Though his current technique is based on the battle against fast bowling ( he is moving back rather than across in an attempt to eliminate his Achilles heel , the lbw decision ) , he plays slow bowling with rare arrogance .
though his current technique is based on the battle against fast bowling ( he is moving back rather than across in an [try] to eliminate his achilles heel , the lbw decision ) , he plays slow bowling with rare arrogance .

Edwards , who ran despite a knee ligament injury during his successful record attempt , admits he does not like to dwell on the punishment he is inflicting on his body .
edwards , who ran despite a knee ligament injury during his successful record [try] , admits he does not like to dwell on the punishment he is inflicting on his body .

They have opposed every attempt to improve relations with the West and to liberalise the economy as a betrayal of the legacy of Khomeini .
they have opposed every [try] to improve relations with the west and to liberalise the economy as a betrayal of the legacy of khomeini .

Short made a terrible start in game one when , playing black , he tried the dubious Budapest gambit in an attempt to catch Karpov off guard .
short made a terrible start in game one when , playing black , he tried the dubious budapest gambit in an [try] to catch karpov off guard .

We snap a toothpick and make a half-hearted attempt to stick it to our chin .
we snap a toothpick and make a half-hearted [try] to stick it to our chin .

After the Reformation it looks for a moment as if the Ecclesiastical Courts would allow even a divorce in the modern sense ; but the attempt fails , and the only way of getting a complete dissolution of marriage is by special Act of Parliament ( and so the law remained , for persons domiciled in Northern Ireland , up to 1939 ) .
after the reformation it looks for a moment as if the ecclesiastical courts would allow even a divorce in the modern sense ; but the [try] fails , and the only way of getting a complete dissolution of marriage is by special act of parliament ( and so the law remained , for persons domiciled in northern ireland , up to 1939 ) .

These will be sketched briefly in this chapter to provide the background to Duncan Sandys ' revolutionary Defence White Paper of 1957 — the first attempt to establish a post-imperial Defence policy .
these will be sketched briefly in this chapter to provide the background to duncan sandys ' revolutionary defence white paper of 1957 — the first [try] to establish a post-imperial defence policy .

The first attempt was made in the autumn of 1947 .
the first [try] was made in the autumn of 1947 .

The second attempt to replace the Quebec Agreement with something more useful than the modus vivendi began in September 1949 , just after the detonation of the first Soviet atomic bomb was confirmed , and coincidentally with a devaluation of sterling , which threw a spotlight on the shakiness of the British economy .
the second [try] to replace the quebec agreement with something more useful than the modus vivendi began in september 1949 , just after the detonation of the first soviet atomic bomb was confirmed , and coincidentally with a devaluation of sterling , which threw a spotlight on the shakiness of the british economy .

An agreement to do so was signed in February 1950 , just over a month after the breakdown of the second attempt to replace the 1943 Quebec Agreement .
an agreement to do so was signed in february 1950 , just over a month after the breakdown of the second [try] to replace the 1943 quebec agreement .

The flimsy Geneva settlement , engineered by Eden in 1954 to enable the French to withdraw from Indo-China , was breaking down as Ho Chi Minh had begun his attempt to take over the South with backing of Communist China .
the flimsy geneva settlement , engineered by eden in 1954 to enable the french to withdraw from indo-china , was breaking down as ho chi minh had begun his [try] to take over the south with backing of communist china .

The attempt to play a separate role — that is , a role apart from Europe , a role based on a ‘ Special Relationship ’ with the United States , a role based on being head of a ‘ Commonwealth ’ which has no political structure , or unity , or strength , and enjoys a fragile and precarious reality by means of the sterling area and preferences in the British market — this role is about played out .
the [try] to play a separate role — that is , a role apart from europe , a role based on a ‘ special relationship ’ with the united states , a role based on being head of a ‘ commonwealth ’ which has no political structure , or unity , or strength , and enjoys a fragile and precarious reality by means of the sterling area and preferences in the british market — this role is about played out .

Faintly irked by the ‘ crisis ’ of white music — that its body has been ‘ forgotten ’ , its attention allowed to meander across the debris of a vast information explosion , away from the folk fire , to be easily bored , jaded , distracted — beige vocalists attempt to construct an ersatz black body to signify … what ?
faintly irked by the ‘ crisis ’ of white music — that its body has been ‘ forgotten ’ , its attention allowed to meander across the debris of a vast information explosion , away from the folk fire , to be easily bored , jaded , distracted — beige vocalists [try] to construct an ersatz black body to signify … what ?

Prog pop ( like prog rock before it ) is an embarrassed attempt to leave behind adolescence — that unsettled interim state so fruitfully prey to traumas , visionary states , loosemindedness , impossible aspirations .
prog pop ( like prog rock before it ) is an embarrassed [try] to leave behind adolescence — that unsettled interim state so fruitfully prey to traumas , visionary states , loosemindedness , impossible aspirations .

The return to rock represents an abstention or introversion , a retreat ( the Jesus and Many Chain 's ‘ My Little Underground ’ ) , a local culture rather than any doomed attempt at a global overhauling .
the return to rock represents an abstention or introversion , a retreat ( the jesus and many chain 's ‘ my little underground ’ ) , a local culture rather than any doomed [try] at a global overhauling .

In am attempt to rescue the baiji from extinction , a joint US-Chinese research team is establishing reserves .
in am [try] to rescue the baiji from extinction , a joint us-chinese research team is establishing reserves .

Every time a dolphin school is sighted , the group decides whether to pursue it and attempt the drive .
every time a dolphin school is sighted , the group decides whether to pursue it and [try] the drive .

In a belated attempt at conciliation , the Japanese Government announced in mid September that the drift-net fleet in the Tasman Sea for the 1989–90 season would be reduced to 20 vessels , in the hope that the South Pacific nations could be diverted from their diplomatic assault .
in a belated [try] at conciliation , the japanese government announced in mid september that the drift-net fleet in the tasman sea for the 1989–90 season would be reduced to 20 vessels , in the hope that the south pacific nations could be diverted from their diplomatic assault .

Fish encountering the modern nylon nets attempt to swim through the near-invisible mesh and become entangled , usually by the gills — hence the name gill-net .
fish encountering the modern nylon nets [try] to swim through the near-invisible mesh and become entangled , usually by the gills — hence the name gill-net .

Such a figure would not suggest that a serious attempt was being made by underwriters to deal with a problem that could undermine the stability of the world 's pre-eminent insurance market .
such a figure would not suggest that a serious [try] was being made by underwriters to deal with a problem that could undermine the stability of the world 's pre-eminent insurance market .

The attempt has failed .
the [try] has failed .

Mrs Ozal 's supporters — among them many of those who deserted the party en masse in the 1989 municipal elections — like her attempt to dislodge the Islamic conservative wing , which now controls the party in Istanbul .
mrs ozal 's supporters — among them many of those who deserted the party en masse in the 1989 municipal elections — like her [try] to dislodge the islamic conservative wing , which now controls the party in istanbul .

The more mischievous may suggest that , as an exercise in the once-discredited art of nationalisation , it was a huge success ; but as an attempt to apply market forces to public services it made little difference .
the more mischievous may suggest that , as an exercise in the once-discredited art of nationalisation , it was a huge success ; but as an [try] to apply market forces to public services it made little difference .

Each has been trying to outbid the rest in an attempt to gain market share and so exploit economies of scale .
each has been trying to outbid the rest in an [try] to gain market share and so exploit economies of scale .

And it has made it clear that any attempt to organise a system of regional arms control or supervision should exclude Israel .
and it has made it clear that any [try] to organise a system of regional arms control or supervision should exclude israel .

If you attempt to cut it with a knife , remove the thick brown skin from the portion to be sliced , paying great attention to the direction in which you are cutting — it is very easy for the knife to slip and the blade must travel away from you .
if you [try] to cut it with a knife , remove the thick brown skin from the portion to be sliced , paying great attention to the direction in which you are cutting — it is very easy for the knife to slip and the blade must travel away from you .

The cuisine of France has contributed so much to the culinary traditions of the world that to attempt to summarise all that is good about French cooking in the space of a page or two would be impossible .
the cuisine of france has contributed so much to the culinary traditions of the world that to [try] to summarise all that is good about french cooking in the space of a page or two would be impossible .

Think of missionaries who attempt to reach another group of people .
think of missionaries who [try] to reach another group of people .

The first of these concerns the attempt to construct a general theoretical framework in terms of which we can answer the ‘ limited ’ particular questions of the second .
the first of these concerns the [try] to construct a general theoretical framework in terms of which we can answer the ‘ limited ’ particular questions of the second .

His Bermuda project , his attempt to develop tar-water as a cure for the dysentery which followed the hard Irish winter of 1739–40 , and his evident concern for his parishioners , were all born of a kind and generous character .
his bermuda project , his [try] to develop tar-water as a cure for the dysentery which followed the hard irish winter of 1739–40 , and his evident concern for his parishioners , were all born of a kind and generous character .

Though he did not reject the methodology and interests of the ‘ new philosophy ’ , nor attempt to go back beyond it to some earlier view , he thought that , in allowing too much to materialism , philosophy had taken a wrong turn .
though he did not reject the methodology and interests of the ‘ new philosophy ’ , nor [try] to go back beyond it to some earlier view , he thought that , in allowing too much to materialism , philosophy had taken a wrong turn .

In a sincere attempt to display the importance of God in the scheme of things , Berkeley sought to rebuild the ‘ new philosophy ’ on the more solidly religious foundations of a complete and thoroughgoing spiritual immaterialism .
in a sincere [try] to display the importance of god in the scheme of things , berkeley sought to rebuild the ‘ new philosophy ’ on the more solidly religious foundations of a complete and thoroughgoing spiritual immaterialism .

It leads either to problems about the relation between God and the world ( for example , to a denial that it is His creation ) or , as in the case of ‘ Epicureans , Hobbists , and the like ’ , to the attempt to reduce everything to matter .
it leads either to problems about the relation between god and the world ( for example , to a denial that it is his creation ) or , as in the case of ‘ epicureans , hobbists , and the like ’ , to the [try] to reduce everything to matter .

His attempt to identify the real world of perceived objects with our perception of it , and his denial of any experience-independent material reality , are the most obvious examples of this .
his [try] to identify the real world of perceived objects with our perception of it , and his denial of any experience-independent material reality , are the most obvious examples of this .

They recalled that in 1958 Quakers had made an unsuccessful attempt to interrupt atmospheric testing of H-bombs at Bikini atoll in the Pacific .
they recalled that in 1958 quakers had made an unsuccessful [try] to interrupt atmospheric testing of h-bombs at bikini atoll in the pacific .

What emerges from an attempt to answer the last question is that the known low-cost reserves will have been significantly run down by 2025 , but total reserves are large , sufficient to last for more than 400 years at present rates of consumption , according to one estimate .
what emerges from an [try] to answer the last question is that the known low-cost reserves will have been significantly run down by 2025 , but total reserves are large , sufficient to last for more than 400 years at present rates of consumption , according to one estimate .

Wherever one goes , whatever statistical projection is used in an attempt to bring the future into focus , one is aware of a rising sea of people and their vehicles which defeats frontiers .
wherever one goes , whatever statistical projection is used in an [try] to bring the future into focus , one is aware of a rising sea of people and their vehicles which defeats frontiers .

What they will add up to is anyone 's guess at the moment ; inflation , uncertainty about the pace and impact of climate change , and the political factors which govern priorities make any attempt at assessment a futile exercise .
what they will add up to is anyone 's guess at the moment ; inflation , uncertainty about the pace and impact of climate change , and the political factors which govern priorities make any [try] at assessment a futile exercise .

This book is not primarily about climatology or science ( although , obviously , both are very much involved ) and it does not attempt detailed scientific explanations of the greenhouse effect and the problems of the ozone layer .
this book is not primarily about climatology or science ( although , obviously , both are very much involved ) and it does not [try] detailed scientific explanations of the greenhouse effect and the problems of the ozone layer .

Roberts finished with 10 for 123 , and then watched his colleagues make little attempt at first to get the runs .
roberts finished with 10 for 123 , and then watched his colleagues make little [try] at first to get the runs .

Their innings , though , was marked by a wonderful display from Gooch , his thirty-sixth attempt finally produced a Test century , and it was very much worth waiting for .
their innings , though , was marked by a wonderful display from gooch , his thirty-sixth [try] finally produced a test century , and it was very much worth waiting for .

What was not clear in this case , though , was whether he would attempt to stay there while Lamb got the twenty-three needed to avoid the follow-on .
what was not clear in this case , though , was whether he would [try] to stay there while lamb got the twenty-three needed to avoid the follow-on .

Tony Greig had already failed in his attempt to make the West Indies ‘ grovel ’ , and never looked like doing it now .
tony greig had already failed in his [try] to make the west indies ‘ grovel ’ , and never looked like doing it now .

The fiction , however , reads like an attempt to break out of this self-imposed restriction .
the fiction , however , reads like an [try] to break out of this self-imposed restriction .

Its genesis perhaps was the unsuccessful attempt by Thomas and his walking companion Jesse Berridge , on the journey that became In Pursuit of Spring , to collaborate on a fiction that would include a passionate youthful love , courtship , and marriage .
its genesis perhaps was the unsuccessful [try] by thomas and his walking companion jesse berridge , on the journey that became in pursuit of spring , to collaborate on a fiction that would include a passionate youthful love , courtship , and marriage .

The Fiction was his last attempt at personal writing in 1914 before he decided , by whatever hidden processes , that the best solution to his apparent obsession with introspection and self-analysis was to cross over into the world of poetry , with its quite different but equally stringent laws and regulations .
the fiction was his last [try] at personal writing in 1914 before he decided , by whatever hidden processes , that the best solution to his apparent obsession with introspection and self-analysis was to cross over into the world of poetry , with its quite different but equally stringent laws and regulations .

Edward approached his third attempt to pass Responsions in a confident and relaxed mood .
edward approached his third [try] to pass responsions in a confident and relaxed mood .

Penelope , however , it had to be acknowledged , had made no attempt to rise above the blow she had been dealt by finding a dazzling girl of her own age favoured over herself in her uncle 's will .
penelope , however , it had to be acknowledged , had made no [try] to rise above the blow she had been dealt by finding a dazzling girl of her own age favoured over herself in her uncle 's will .

Birmingham is one of the few cities where any attempt at sensible provision has been made .
birmingham is one of the few cities where any [try] at sensible provision has been made .

The inner cities came seriously on to the political agenda and Michael Heseltine made a brave attempt to introduce new policies to tackle the undoubted deprivation .
the inner cities came seriously on to the political agenda and michael heseltine made a brave [try] to introduce new policies to tackle the undoubted deprivation .

The issue now was whether it should attempt to retake South Georgia .
the issue now was whether it should [try] to retake south georgia .

The following Monday we met at Downing Street in an attempt to sort it all out .
the following monday we met at downing street in an [try] to sort it all out .

Obviously , then , the fact that 200,000 Greek Cypriots ( a third of the population ) were kicked out of their homes by the Turkish invaders , thus becoming refugees in their own country , is not a crime , according to Mr Gustafson ; nor is the fact that 80,000 settlers were imported from Turkey in an attempt to alter the demographic composition of the island ; nor is the fact that 1,619 people are still reported as missing in action almost 17 years after the invasion ; nor is the fact that the Turks are destroying every trace of the 3,000-year-old Greek culture that exists in the occupied territories , a fact that even the Turkish Cypriot press often reports .
obviously , then , the fact that 200,000 greek cypriots ( a third of the population ) were kicked out of their homes by the turkish invaders , thus becoming refugees in their own country , is not a crime , according to mr gustafson ; nor is the fact that 80,000 settlers were imported from turkey in an [try] to alter the demographic composition of the island ; nor is the fact that 1,619 people are still reported as missing in action almost 17 years after the invasion ; nor is the fact that the turks are destroying every trace of the 3,000-year-old greek culture that exists in the occupied territories , a fact that even the turkish cypriot press often reports .

In Iran they have cultural rights , but their attempt to win autonomy after the 1979 revolution was crushed by Iran 's Revolutionary Guards .
in iran they have cultural rights , but their [try] to win autonomy after the 1979 revolution was crushed by iran 's revolutionary guards .

The epidemic took hold during the 1970s , when high rates of income tax and an attempt by successive governments to control pay made the company-owned car a good way of rewarding people surreptitiously .
the epidemic took hold during the 1970s , when high rates of income tax and an [try] by successive governments to control pay made the company-owned car a good way of rewarding people surreptitiously .

The Conservative government has made a half-hearted attempt to tax company cars — half-hearted because it fears upsetting natural Tory voters .
the conservative government has made a half-hearted [try] to tax company cars — half-hearted because it fears upsetting natural tory voters .

To Mr Milosz , literature 's dignity resides not in politics but in a frankly metaphysical attempt to bridge awe and horror , to name the sorrow of mankind .
to mr milosz , literature 's dignity resides not in politics but in a frankly metaphysical [try] to bridge awe and horror , to name the sorrow of mankind .

Third , the state will attempt to squeeze more tax revenue from provinces intent on keeping as much money as possible for themselves .
third , the state will [try] to squeeze more tax revenue from provinces intent on keeping as much money as possible for themselves .

In an attempt to get Frenchmen to pronounce borrowed words ‘ properly ’ ( ie , with a French accent ) , all English words ending in er are now to be written eur ; so le leader and le speaker become le leadeur and le speakeur .
in an [try] to get frenchmen to pronounce borrowed words ‘ properly ’ ( ie , with a french accent ) , all english words ending in er are now to be written eur ; so le leader and le speaker become le leadeur and le speakeur .

Other oddities creep in with the attempt to harmonise plurals of French compound words .
other oddities creep in with the [try] to harmonise plurals of french compound words .

After municipal elections last June , Mr Andreotti and the Christian Democrats ' party secretary , Arnaldo Forlani , vetoed Mr Orlando 's attempt to renew a coalition with the Communists and the Greens with which he had ruled for three of his five years as mayor of Palermo .
after municipal elections last june , mr andreotti and the christian democrats ' party secretary , arnaldo forlani , vetoed mr orlando 's [try] to renew a coalition with the communists and the greens with which he had ruled for three of his five years as mayor of palermo .

Around the world , companies are pruning their headquarters teams in an attempt to save money .
around the world , companies are pruning their headquarters teams in an [try] to save money .

Much of the head-office slashing now going on is an attempt by conglomerates to act like specialists — while remaining conglomerates .
much of the head-office slashing now going on is an [try] by conglomerates to act like specialists — while remaining conglomerates .

Yet the book makes no attempt to explain why the rebellious Mr Yeltsin turned out so differently from the establishment Mr Ryzhkov .
yet the book makes no [try] to explain why the rebellious mr yeltsin turned out so differently from the establishment mr ryzhkov .

In an attempt to change that , the Census Bureau has launched a vigorous campaign to get as many people as possible to answer its questions .
in an [try] to change that , the census bureau has launched a vigorous campaign to get as many people as possible to answer its questions .

Mr Lin is popular enough , but the choice of Mr Chiang , another son of Chiang Kai-shek , looked suspiciously like an attempt to renew the Chiang dynasty .
mr lin is popular enough , but the choice of mr chiang , another son of chiang kai-shek , looked suspiciously like an [try] to renew the chiang dynasty .

Any attempt to reduce inflation permanently would require a deep cut in government spending and tight control over the money supply .
any [try] to reduce inflation permanently would require a deep cut in government spending and tight control over the money supply .

The attempt to reduce liquidity in the economy through high real interest rates was the government 's main mistake .
the [try] to reduce liquidity in the economy through high real interest rates was the government 's main mistake .

Ever since November 1989 , the White House has been doggedly nominating daily ‘ points of light ’ in an attempt to draw the nation 's attention to outstanding examples of voluntary service .
ever since november 1989 , the white house has been doggedly nominating daily ‘ points of light ’ in an [try] to draw the nation 's attention to outstanding examples of voluntary service .

The Kremlin 's first reaction to western reports was an attempt to say the West was trying to make a mountain out of a molehill .
the kremlin 's first reaction to western reports was an [try] to say the west was trying to make a mountain out of a molehill .

Last summer , at the Communists ' congress , an attempt by the so-called Democratic Platform to break the party in two failed miserably ( in the end it was the Platform that collapsed ) .
last summer , at the communists ' congress , an [try] by the so-called democratic platform to break the party in two failed miserably ( in the end it was the platform that collapsed ) .

This was pretty clearly an attempt to nudge the Americans towards saying yes to an aid programme for the Soviet Union .
this was pretty clearly an [try] to nudge the americans towards saying yes to an aid programme for the soviet union .

In an attempt to grab the Republicans ' ‘ hot-button ’ issue , the Democrats are now dressing themselves up as the anti-quota party .
in an [try] to grab the republicans ' ‘ hot-button ’ issue , the democrats are now dressing themselves up as the anti-quota party .

About ten years ago the agriculture ministry , which runs the agency , made a half-hearted attempt to staunch its losses .
about ten years ago the agriculture ministry , which runs the agency , made a half-hearted [try] to staunch its losses .

Some wonder why the bank stuck with Mr Parretti , even though his attempt to take over a French cinema chain in June 1990 was blocked on the grounds that it would ‘ threaten public order ’ .
some wonder why the bank stuck with mr parretti , even though his [try] to take over a french cinema chain in june 1990 was blocked on the grounds that it would ‘ threaten public order ’ .

In an attempt to clarify the issue , Esso has brought out a new edition of their guide to motorists about which cars can run on unleaded fuel .
in an [try] to clarify the issue , esso has brought out a new edition of their guide to motorists about which cars can run on unleaded fuel .

Kingfisher 's bid comes little more than three years after it fought off a £1.8billion takeover attempt by Dixons .
kingfisher 's bid comes little more than three years after it fought off a £1.8billion takeover [try] by dixons .

Along with the rest of the property sector , British Land 's shares have been trading at a considerable discount to its assets per share , and yesterday 's move is an attempt to close the 40 per cent gap which built up as institutions took a dimmer view of the market .
along with the rest of the property sector , british land 's shares have been trading at a considerable discount to its assets per share , and yesterday 's move is an [try] to close the 40 per cent gap which built up as institutions took a dimmer view of the market .

Labour 's City spokeswoman Dr Marjorie Mowlam yesterday claimed the delay was part of a Government attempt to avoid further embarrassment over the affair .
labour 's city spokeswoman dr marjorie mowlam yesterday claimed the delay was part of a government [try] to avoid further embarrassment over the affair .

The killings are seen as an attempt by Sikh extremists to provoke Hindu-Sikh riots which could disrupt parliamentary polls in the state scheduled within a fortnight .
the killings are seen as an [try] by sikh extremists to provoke hindu-sikh riots which could disrupt parliamentary polls in the state scheduled within a fortnight .

To his credit , Cheniere did attempt a conciliatory gesture when he suggested that the three adolescents could wear their scarves at school outside class hours .
to his credit , cheniere did [try] a conciliatory gesture when he suggested that the three adolescents could wear their scarves at school outside class hours .

For sheer daftness there 's no beating the British Tank Malling ( Cannons , Panton Street and Oxford Street , 18 ) which postulates a ludicrously megalomaniac semi-Fascist politico ( Peter Wyngarde ) , backed by criminals , the police , bishops and the judiciary in his attempt to bring moral regeneration to the country , while at the same time feeding the dirty sexual desires of the great and the good who back him .
for sheer daftness there 's no beating the british tank malling ( cannons , panton street and oxford street , 18 ) which postulates a ludicrously megalomaniac semi-fascist politico ( peter wyngarde ) , backed by criminals , the police , bishops and the judiciary in his [try] to bring moral regeneration to the country , while at the same time feeding the dirty sexual desires of the great and the good who back him .

Opposition groups fear Communist attempt to regain the initiative Krenz offers ‘ round table ’ talks on free elections .
opposition groups fear communist [try] to regain the initiative krenz offers ‘ round table ’ talks on free elections .

But New Forum , the leading force in the independent opposition movement , remained sceptical yesterday , saying that the offer could be part of the Communists ' attempt to regain the initiative .
but new forum , the leading force in the independent opposition movement , remained sceptical yesterday , saying that the offer could be part of the communists ' [try] to regain the initiative .

Meanwhile , East Germany banned the export of antiques and second-hand goods , in an attempt to counter rising currency speculation .
meanwhile , east germany banned the export of antiques and second-hand goods , in an [try] to counter rising currency speculation .

The attempt to put flesh and blood on the skeleton structure of a possible united Europe emerged during an unprecedented day in the history of the European Parliament .
the [try] to put flesh and blood on the skeleton structure of a possible united europe emerged during an unprecedented day in the history of the european parliament .

The limitations to this structure were already clear by the 1960s , and an attempt was made to shift back towards lighter industries and consumer goods .
the limitations to this structure were already clear by the 1960s , and an [try] was made to shift back towards lighter industries and consumer goods .

Little , anxious for Darlington to emulate Lincoln City by returning to the League at the first attempt , is convinced that the habit of the League 's poorer brethren somehow surviving can not last .
little , anxious for darlington to emulate lincoln city by returning to the league at the first [try] , is convinced that the habit of the league 's poorer brethren somehow surviving can not last .

However , real problems may arise once Leinster attempt to win the loose ball .
however , real problems may arise once leinster [try] to win the loose ball .

In an attempt to restore some threat on goal , the Portuguese have recalled to the squad Antonio Pacheco , billed as ‘ a speedy winger ’ , and Antonio Sousa , billed as ‘ a free-kick specialist ’ .
in an [try] to restore some threat on goal , the portuguese have recalled to the squad antonio pacheco , billed as ‘ a speedy winger ’ , and antonio sousa , billed as ‘ a free-kick specialist ’ .

Crystal Palace v Luton Palace are again leaking badly at the back , hence the attempt to sign Martyn , Bristol Rovers ' highly regarded young goalkeeper .
crystal palace v luton palace are again leaking badly at the back , hence the [try] to sign martyn , bristol rovers ' highly regarded young goalkeeper .

In an attempt to widen share ownership , Matthew Cole , Blues fan and co-editor of the fanzine Tired and Weary , last year offered to surrender 49 of his 50 shares in the club , for just the small cost of the re-registration , to 49 other fans .
in an [try] to widen share ownership , matthew cole , blues fan and co-editor of the fanzine tired and weary , last year offered to surrender 49 of his 50 shares in the club , for just the small cost of the re-registration , to 49 other fans .

The Rovers directors meet this weekend in an attempt to end the dilemma over whether to sell the club 's England Under-21 goalkeeper Nigel Martyn to Crystal Palace .
the rovers directors meet this weekend in an [try] to end the dilemma over whether to sell the club 's england under-21 goalkeeper nigel martyn to crystal palace .

The Rovers directors will be meeting this weekend in an attempt to end the dilemma over whether the club 's England Under-21 goalkeeper Nigel Martyn really is bound for Crystal Palace .
the rovers directors will be meeting this weekend in an [try] to end the dilemma over whether the club 's england under-21 goalkeeper nigel martyn really is bound for crystal palace .

When the press finally has to confront masculinist music head on , it gives up any attempt to reclaim it , and tries instead to deny its allure by poking fun at it .
when the press finally has to confront masculinist music head on , it gives up any [try] to reclaim it , and tries instead to deny its allure by poking fun at it .

Obviously , one hopes that other groups will attempt initiatives of this kind , or are already engaged in comparable initiatives of their own .
obviously , one hopes that other groups will [try] initiatives of this kind , or are already engaged in comparable initiatives of their own .

This should put a stop to the sort of attempt made by Hanson after it had successfully taken-over Imperial .
this should put a stop to the sort of [try] made by hanson after it had successfully taken-over imperial .

Brigadier-General Arturo Enrile was speaking after President Corazon Aquino declared a national state of emergency and banned broadcasts of rebel pronouncements in an attempt to contain the mutiny which has shaken her government .
brigadier-general arturo enrile was speaking after president corazon aquino declared a national state of emergency and banned broadcasts of rebel pronouncements in an [try] to contain the mutiny which has shaken her government .

The state of emergency was declared five days after the mutinous troops seized three military bases and two television stations in an attempt to overthrow Mrs Aquino .
the state of emergency was declared five days after the mutinous troops seized three military bases and two television stations in an [try] to overthrow mrs aquino .

The emergency declaration was affirmed by 22 of the 23 members of the Senate in an apparent attempt to consolidate the various branches of government for what President Aquino said would be ‘ the final blow in the final confrontation ’ against the rebels .
the emergency declaration was affirmed by 22 of the 23 members of the senate in an apparent [try] to consolidate the various branches of government for what president aquino said would be ‘ the final blow in the final confrontation ’ against the rebels .

Yesterday 's blast was seen less as a direct attempt on the police chief who has most vigorously pursued Colombia 's leading cocaine exporters , but as part of a campaign to terrorise non-combatants in the drug war into supporting negotiations and amnesty .
yesterday 's blast was seen less as a direct [try] on the police chief who has most vigorously pursued colombia 's leading cocaine exporters , but as part of a campaign to terrorise non-combatants in the drug war into supporting negotiations and amnesty .

Ms Weldon , a member of the committee who was not asked to sit at the hearing , described the video as a serious attempt to deal with the bride of Christ notion .
ms weldon , a member of the committee who was not asked to sit at the hearing , described the video as a serious [try] to deal with the bride of christ notion .

Dixons ' chairman , Mr Stanley Kalms , whose empire embraces 600 Currys outlets as well as 350 under the Dixons name , is expected to issue a rejection of the takeover attempt today .
dixons ' chairman , mr stanley kalms , whose empire embraces 600 currys outlets as well as 350 under the dixons name , is expected to issue a rejection of the takeover [try] today .

Three years ago , his company failed in an attempt to buy Kingfisher , then called Woolworth , for £1.8 billion .
three years ago , his company failed in an [try] to buy kingfisher , then called woolworth , for £1.8 billion .

Yesterday 's blast was seen less as a direct attempt on the man who has most vigorously pursued Colombia 's chief cocaine exporters , but as part of a campaign to terrorise non-combatants in the drug war into supporting negotiations and amnesty .
yesterday 's blast was seen less as a direct [try] on the man who has most vigorously pursued colombia 's chief cocaine exporters , but as part of a campaign to terrorise non-combatants in the drug war into supporting negotiations and amnesty .

Mostly they have been military , the attempt of one nation to subdue the rest .
mostly they have been military , the [try] of one nation to subdue the rest .

Ankara signed a security protocol with Syria two years ago in an attempt to tackle the problem of cross-border support .
ankara signed a security protocol with syria two years ago in an [try] to tackle the problem of cross-border support .

‘ There are several versions of what 's going on , but one is that it 's an attempt to overthrow the government ’ of President Ramsewak Shankar , he added .
‘ there are several versions of what 's going on , but one is that it 's an [try] to overthrow the government ’ of president ramsewak shankar , he added .

Suriname radio said it was an apparent coup attempt .
suriname radio said it was an apparent coup [try] .

For the Liberal Democrats , Lord Bonham Carter agreed that Britain 's response to events must not appear to threaten the security of the Soviet Union or attempt to dissolve the Warsaw Pact .
for the liberal democrats , lord bonham carter agreed that britain 's response to events must not appear to threaten the security of the soviet union or [try] to dissolve the warsaw pact .

After more than 20 years of power-boating achievements , yesterday 's record attempt was billed as her graceful finale .
after more than 20 years of power-boating achievements , yesterday 's record [try] was billed as her graceful finale .

Just as he will not tolerate questions about his private life , so he will also go ballistic if bureacrats attempt to meddle in his creative decisions — something which Pierre Berge ( the chairman of Yves Saint Laurent ) found out when he became superintendent of Paris 's opera houses in 1988 and attempted to take Barenboim on over the conductor 's directorship of the new Opera-Bastille .
just as he will not tolerate questions about his private life , so he will also go ballistic if bureacrats [try] to meddle in his creative decisions — something which pierre berge ( the chairman of yves saint laurent ) found out when he became superintendent of paris 's opera houses in 1988 and attempted to take barenboim on over the conductor 's directorship of the new opera-bastille .

Metrolink is seen by transport planners and environmentalists as the first serious attempt to squeeze non-essential car users out of Manchester city centre .
metrolink is seen by transport planners and environmentalists as the first serious [try] to squeeze non-essential car users out of manchester city centre .

There is almost no attempt to engage in evaluation , emotive or otherwise .
there is almost no [try] to engage in evaluation , emotive or otherwise .

At some stage a clumsy , and unsuccessful , attempt has been made to erase the angel 's prominent manhood .
at some stage a clumsy , and unsuccessful , [try] has been made to erase the angel 's prominent manhood .

Despite one outburst from John Heard , there 's no attempt to explore another sinister possibility , that all men conceal their true identity in order to live up to the modern woman 's expectation of her ‘ dream man ’ .
despite one outburst from john heard , there 's no [try] to explore another sinister possibility , that all men conceal their true identity in order to live up to the modern woman 's expectation of her ‘ dream man ’ .

Granted the intriguing premise , one might reasonably expect some attempt to probe the morality of a privatised police force , and of a society which allows someone like Kuffs to buy and use firearms as casually as he does here , but no .
granted the intriguing premise , one might reasonably expect some [try] to probe the morality of a privatised police force , and of a society which allows someone like kuffs to buy and use firearms as casually as he does here , but no .

Mr Ashdown will give warning tomorrow , in two television interviews and in his party 's last election broadcast , that an attempt by either Labour or Tories to go it alone in a hung Parliament would end in disaster .
mr ashdown will give warning tomorrow , in two television interviews and in his party 's last election broadcast , that an [try] by either labour or tories to go it alone in a hung parliament would end in disaster .

He will appeal to the public today in an attempt to drive home his claim that Britain has an ‘ historic opportunity ’ for a partnership government .
he will appeal to the public today in an [try] to drive home his claim that britain has an ‘ historic opportunity ’ for a partnership government .

It 's just a desperate attempt to get a few votes ’ .
it 's just a desperate [try] to get a few votes ’ .

He said that no pilot of Mr Hancock 's experience would attempt such a flight with the slightest hint of monsoon weather .
he said that no pilot of mr hancock 's experience would [try] such a flight with the slightest hint of monsoon weather .

Will he visit her to tender his resignation — or will he decide to tough it out and attempt to form a minority administration ?
will he visit her to tender his resignation — or will he decide to tough it out and [try] to form a minority administration ?

His attempt failed , and on the Monday afternoon he tendered his resignation to the Queen .
his [try] failed , and on the monday afternoon he tendered his resignation to the queen .

The chances are that , if Mr Major gives way to Mr Kinnock in a hung Parliament , Labour will attempt to govern as a minority administration .
the chances are that , if mr major gives way to mr kinnock in a hung parliament , labour will [try] to govern as a minority administration .

Mr Ashdown professed to be delighted that the Tories had taken the Liberal Democrats head on last week , in an attempt to chip away at their support .
mr ashdown professed to be delighted that the tories had taken the liberal democrats head on last week , in an [try] to chip away at their support .

Compare them with our comprehensive schools , where an official attempt was made to trample upon the diversity of the British people .
compare them with our comprehensive schools , where an official [try] was made to trample upon the diversity of the british people .

‘ It is difficult to judge how far this attempt to appeal to the baser sort is dictated by the mere desire to be re-elected ( which , though by no means admirable , is , we suppose , understandable enough ) , rather than by any firm conviction ; or how far a re-elected Tory government would seek to put these detestable principles into practice .
‘ it is difficult to judge how far this [try] to appeal to the baser sort is dictated by the mere desire to be re-elected ( which , though by no means admirable , is , we suppose , understandable enough ) , rather than by any firm conviction ; or how far a re-elected tory government would seek to put these detestable principles into practice .

Bridgend prop Shaw came over the top at a ruck but Harries pulled his penalty attempt across the posts and five minutes later missed a sitter when the referee reversed a penalty originally awarded to Bridgend .
bridgend prop shaw came over the top at a ruck but harries pulled his penalty [try] across the posts and five minutes later missed a sitter when the referee reversed a penalty originally awarded to bridgend .

Newport began to show signs of tension , Orrell tackling David Thomas late as he pursued his own high kick , but Gareth Thomas hooked his penalty attempt past the left post from 37 yards out .
newport began to show signs of tension , orrell tackling david thomas late as he pursued his own high kick , but gareth thomas hooked his penalty [try] past the left post from 37 yards out .

The Thompson family had bought Classified and Northern Bay several years previously in an attempt to win the Aintree spectacular .
the thompson family had bought classified and northern bay several years previously in an [try] to win the aintree spectacular .

That could be the vital ingredient for Sunderland as they attempt to embarrass Norwich and the Roker Park directors at Hillsborough by producing the club 's best result in 19 years .
that could be the vital ingredient for sunderland as they [try] to embarrass norwich and the roker park directors at hillsborough by producing the club 's best result in 19 years .

At present unscrupulous operators — bureaux de change are not subject to Government licensing — attempt to attract unwitting customers by promising an apparently reasonable rate of exchange .
at present unscrupulous operators — bureaux de change are not subject to government licensing — [try] to attract unwitting customers by promising an apparently reasonable rate of exchange .

The £1½m cost of the Macarthy attempt was taken as an extraordinary item .
the £1½m cost of the macarthy [try] was taken as an extraordinary item .

Sunderland made no attempt to sit on their lead , however , and looked just as likely as Norwich to score in a second half which comfortably surpassed the first in entertainment value .
sunderland made no [try] to sit on their lead , however , and looked just as likely as norwich to score in a second half which comfortably surpassed the first in entertainment value .

The controversy which surrounded Robertson 's goal attempt for Hearts three minutes from the end provided the only genuine excitement .
the controversy which surrounded robertson 's goal [try] for hearts three minutes from the end provided the only genuine excitement .

Mr Major also scorned Labour 's attempt to woo voters by offering talks with other parties , particularly the Liberal Democrats , on proportional representation .
mr major also scorned labour 's [try] to woo voters by offering talks with other parties , particularly the liberal democrats , on proportional representation .

An attempt to have them evicted failed because the county court judge ruled that the law only applied to people who had no interest in the property .
an [try] to have them evicted failed because the county court judge ruled that the law only applied to people who had no interest in the property .

‘ This is a thinly veiled attempt to disguise the characters , and a court will decide whether to the average reader this is a book dealing with Donald and Ivana , despite the fact that she changed the names , ’ he said .
‘ this is a thinly veiled [try] to disguise the characters , and a court will decide whether to the average reader this is a book dealing with donald and ivana , despite the fact that she changed the names , ’ he said .

Parallel to his attempt to portray Labour as a consensus government , Mr Kinnock sought to turn his confession of ‘ errors of judgment ’ over Europe and unilateralism into virtues in sharp contrast to Tory failure to apologise for ‘ Thatcher mistakes ’ .
parallel to his [try] to portray labour as a consensus government , mr kinnock sought to turn his confession of ‘ errors of judgment ’ over europe and unilateralism into virtues in sharp contrast to tory failure to apologise for ‘ thatcher mistakes ’ .

The number of advances made in the past few days has sharply increased as companies attempt to match their rivals and allay the tax fears of senior staff .
the number of advances made in the past few days has sharply increased as companies [try] to match their rivals and allay the tax fears of senior staff .

An attempt to have them evicted failed because the county court judge ruled that the law only applied to people who had no interest in the property .
an [try] to have them evicted failed because the county court judge ruled that the law only applied to people who had no interest in the property .

In an attempt to bring some order to this crazy world , two consortiums have been formed .
in an [try] to bring some order to this crazy world , two consortiums have been formed .

It was the most strident speech Mr Major has made during the campaign and represented a further attempt to underline the differences rather than the similarities between the political parties .
it was the most strident speech mr major has made during the campaign and represented a further [try] to underline the differences rather than the similarities between the political parties .

It is a picturesque favourite of visiting party leaders : those present remember fondly Sir David Steel 's manful attempt to smile over a plateful of cockles during the 1987 election .
it is a picturesque favourite of visiting party leaders : those present remember fondly sir david steel 's manful [try] to smile over a plateful of cockles during the 1987 election .

He resigned only when the attempt failed .
he resigned only when the [try] failed .

Clearly worried by growing opposition to reforms that have drastically eroded living standards , Mr Yeltsin reshuffled his government last week in an attempt to shield some of the younger , more radical ministers he appointed last autumn from the wrath of the Congress .
clearly worried by growing opposition to reforms that have drastically eroded living standards , mr yeltsin reshuffled his government last week in an [try] to shield some of the younger , more radical ministers he appointed last autumn from the wrath of the congress .

There have been rumours that investors holding £450 million worth of Swiss , German , French and Ecu denominated Eurobonds , may attempt to negotiate better terms from Heron .
there have been rumours that investors holding £450 million worth of swiss , german , french and ecu denominated eurobonds , may [try] to negotiate better terms from heron .

But classifying animals and plants , living and fossil , is more than just an attempt to find a convenient way of slotting them into different categories , like stamps in a stamp album , for neatness and convenience .
but classifying animals and plants , living and fossil , is more than just an [try] to find a convenient way of slotting them into different categories , like stamps in a stamp album , for neatness and convenience .

In some places you can find dozens of enrolled trilobites together ; these are the remains of the animals themselves , not the moults , which presumably perished together after a fruitless attempt to protect themselves from a miniature catastrophe such as a sudden influx of sediment .
in some places you can find dozens of enrolled trilobites together ; these are the remains of the animals themselves , not the moults , which presumably perished together after a fruitless [try] to protect themselves from a miniature catastrophe such as a sudden influx of sediment .

If he remained at liberty , he could authorise the calling in of outside help — hence , as insurance , the coup leader 's attempt to destroy the President s reputation by connecting him to the cocaine trade .
if he remained at liberty , he could authorise the calling in of outside help — hence , as insurance , the coup leader 's [try] to destroy the president s reputation by connecting him to the cocaine trade .

The attempt failed and no warning was given to the public .
the [try] failed and no warning was given to the public .

In the rest of Europe , as Sally Power , Katy Ling and Mike Ashmore of Imperial College later pointed out , surveys ‘ have made little attempt to link tree health to variations in site factors , stand types or pollution climate .
in the rest of europe , as sally power , katy ling and mike ashmore of imperial college later pointed out , surveys ‘ have made little [try] to link tree health to variations in site factors , stand types or pollution climate .

Clearly it would be useless for any prospective export executive to attempt his final studies without a grounding in economics and geography , subjects which form the necessary foundation for detailed export studies .
clearly it would be useless for any prospective export executive to [try] his final studies without a grounding in economics and geography , subjects which form the necessary foundation for detailed export studies .

Suicide or self-injury , wilful self-exposure to peril ( except in an attempt to save human life ) , the influence of drugs ( except as prescribed by a registered medical practitioner other than for treatment of drug addiction ) or alcohol , or the person insured engaging in , during the period of holiday or journey , wintersports , mountaineering , racing ( other than on foot ) or other hazardous adventure .
suicide or self-injury , wilful self-exposure to peril ( except in an [try] to save human life ) , the influence of drugs ( except as prescribed by a registered medical practitioner other than for treatment of drug addiction ) or alcohol , or the person insured engaging in , during the period of holiday or journey , wintersports , mountaineering , racing ( other than on foot ) or other hazardous adventure .

The concern at Cosmeston is not simply to present static displays but to attempt to bring the village to life with living history events , with crafts-men working in the buildings and with more animals added to those already living at the village .
the concern at cosmeston is not simply to present static displays but to [try] to bring the village to life with living history events , with crafts-men working in the buildings and with more animals added to those already living at the village .

Just as it is dangerous to predict the macro-scenario in anything other than the broadest terms , so it is dangerous to attempt to construct educational blueprints for the future — especially in curriculum terms .
just as it is dangerous to predict the macro-scenario in anything other than the broadest terms , so it is dangerous to [try] to construct educational blueprints for the future — especially in curriculum terms .

However , it must be said that this paper is not an attempt to cast management in an entirely negative light and then to oppose that with an equally ‘ rosy ’ view of professionalism — with the implication that management must recede and that professionalism should advance .
however , it must be said that this paper is not an [try] to cast management in an entirely negative light and then to oppose that with an equally ‘ rosy ’ view of professionalism — with the implication that management must recede and that professionalism should advance .

One other feature is worthy of note in an attempt to bring together these views of professionals and those outlined above on managerialism .
one other feature is worthy of note in an [try] to bring together these views of professionals and those outlined above on managerialism .

How do we attempt to bring about a generic capacity for change amongst staff ?
how do we [try] to bring about a generic capacity for change amongst staff ?

Although qualitative data , which are far more subjective , are usually preferred by teachers , there is still a very strong abhorrence of any attempt at output measurement because it is perceived as inaccurate or misleading .
although qualitative data , which are far more subjective , are usually preferred by teachers , there is still a very strong abhorrence of any [try] at output measurement because it is perceived as inaccurate or misleading .

This problem has been reduced now that schools are required to make some attempt at formulating longer-term school development plans , although it is accepted that they will act as flexible guidelines .
this problem has been reduced now that schools are required to make some [try] at formulating longer-term school development plans , although it is accepted that they will act as flexible guidelines .

There is no significant attempt to assess the validity of existing spending patterns .
there is no significant [try] to assess the validity of existing spending patterns .

We are determined to see that equally fair laws apply throughout the European Community and will oppose any attempt to remove voting rights from Commonwealth citizens in European election .
we are determined to see that equally fair laws apply throughout the european community and will oppose any [try] to remove voting rights from commonwealth citizens in european election .

In fact this is not an attempt to reverse pollution , but something more complicated : to create a plan that would enable Lake Ichkeul , in Tunisia , to be used for several different purposes simultaneously .
in fact this is not an [try] to reverse pollution , but something more complicated : to create a plan that would enable lake ichkeul , in tunisia , to be used for several different purposes simultaneously .

His argument , although rarely quoted , is basic to an attempt at understanding the evolution of the complex psychodynamics that characterize our species ( Barkov 1978 b ) .
his argument , although rarely quoted , is basic to an [try] at understanding the evolution of the complex psychodynamics that characterize our species ( barkov 1978 b ) .

It follows , then , that an evolutionary argument must attempt to establish exactly what the continuity may have been that led from the level of the higher animals to that of Man .
it follows , then , that an evolutionary argument must [try] to establish exactly what the continuity may have been that led from the level of the higher animals to that of man .

Most evolutionary propositions , especially those referring to historical derivations , are not directly testable , however precisely one may attempt to erect alternative hypotheses for testing .
most evolutionary propositions , especially those referring to historical derivations , are not directly testable , however precisely one may [try] to erect alternative hypotheses for testing .

The current emphasis on systems analysis tends to hide this fact , yet in both Konrad Lorenz 's famous hydraulic model and Niko Tinbergen 's attempt to relate this to the functioning nervous system no feedback loops at all were incorporated .
the current emphasis on systems analysis tends to hide this fact , yet in both konrad lorenz 's famous hydraulic model and niko tinbergen 's [try] to relate this to the functioning nervous system no feedback loops at all were incorporated .

It becomes ‘ automatic ’ and an attempt to introspect the components of skilled movement often breaks up the quality of the performance .
it becomes ‘ automatic ’ and an [try] to introspect the components of skilled movement often breaks up the quality of the performance .

The paradox is thus a social one and to clear the ground for an attempt at its resolution we must take an extensive detour of several chapters .
the paradox is thus a social one and to clear the ground for an [try] at its resolution we must take an extensive detour of several chapters .

In these we shall attempt to say what it means to be social , for in that attempt lies a further definition of ‘ mind ’ .
in these we shall [try] to say what it means to be social , for in that [try] lies a further definition of ‘ mind ’ .

In 1901 Hobhouse made an early attempt at accounting for the evolution of mental structure .
in 1901 hobhouse made an early [try] at accounting for the evolution of mental structure .

Social selection results from ( a ) effects of competition between the subject and others of either sex with respect to commodities essential to survival in the situation that will allow attempt at reproduction , ( b ) competition for access to preferred members of the opposite sex for mating and ( c ) effects of competition between subjects for access to commodities in the environment essential for rearing of their young or those of relatives to reproductive age .
social selection results from ( a ) effects of competition between the subject and others of either sex with respect to commodities essential to survival in the situation that will allow [try] at reproduction , ( b ) competition for access to preferred members of the opposite sex for mating and ( c ) effects of competition between subjects for access to commodities in the environment essential for rearing of their young or those of relatives to reproductive age .

Why do some antelopes mate in lekking grounds much as ruffs do while others attempt to round up small harems in a moving herd ?
why do some antelopes mate in lekking grounds much as ruffs do while others [try] to round up small harems in a moving herd ?

The class-A animal on his small territory is likely to be monogamous , whereas the nomad males may attempt to round up harems on the move or establish temporary territories for mating purposes .
the class-a animal on his small territory is likely to be monogamous , whereas the nomad males may [try] to round up harems on the move or establish temporary territories for mating purposes .

Here males attempt to acquire harems on the move rather than on topographically defended areas .
here males [try] to acquire harems on the move rather than on topographically defended areas .

Among immature males this does not occur , but they are liable to be displaced by adult males if they attempt sexual interactions with high-ranking females .
among immature males this does not occur , but they are liable to be displaced by adult males if they [try] sexual interactions with high-ranking females .

His main preoccupation becomes the demonstration of prowess through chasing off other males that attempt to gain access to his females .
his main preoccupation becomes the demonstration of prowess through chasing off other males that [try] to gain access to his females .

It took a new generation of drama advisers to attempt to bring it back again .
it took a new generation of drama advisers to [try] to bring it back again .

One of the important trends in recent years initiated in this country by John Hodgson ( 1972 , 1973 , 1975 ) has been for a number of drama specialists to undertake an editorial role in an attempt to raise the standard of literature on our subject .
one of the important trends in recent years initiated in this country by john hodgson ( 1972 , 1973 , 1975 ) has been for a number of drama specialists to undertake an editorial role in an [try] to raise the standard of literature on our subject .

Our starting point for analysing structure happens to have been with an exercise , the form of drama popularised by Brian Way , and yet little attempt has so far been made by him or by anyone else to show how these apparently slight adjustments within the structure of the exercise can seriously affect the outcome .
our starting point for analysing structure happens to have been with an exercise , the form of drama popularised by brian way , and yet little [try] has so far been made by him or by anyone else to show how these apparently slight adjustments within the structure of the exercise can seriously affect the outcome .

The attempt fails if the volunteer is caught in the process of removing the stick .
the [try] fails if the volunteer is caught in the process of removing the stick .

It may well be he would argue that all these things are but part of the private man 's attempt to gain public approval .
it may well be he would argue that all these things are but part of the private man 's [try] to gain public approval .

It is this concern of an actor to build a character and to extend his own emotional repertoire which puts the above attempt to draw a comparison between dramatic playing and performance into a proper perspective .
it is this concern of an actor to build a character and to extend his own emotional repertoire which puts the above [try] to draw a comparison between dramatic playing and performance into a proper perspective .

The most complex form of representation is where expression ( dramatic playing ) in the actor exists alongside his attempt to represent to an audience the character 's expression .
the most complex form of representation is where expression ( dramatic playing ) in the actor exists alongside his [try] to represent to an audience the character 's expression .

The Prime Minister gave full and immediate support to President Yeltsin in the August coup attempt , and was the first Western leader to visit Moscow after the coup failed .
the prime minister gave full and immediate support to president yeltsin in the august coup [try] , and was the first western leader to visit moscow after the coup failed .

‘ Metaphysics ’ has been defined as the attempt by a blind man in a dark room to find a black hat which is n't there .
‘ metaphysics ’ has been defined as the [try] by a blind man in a dark room to find a black hat which is n't there .

For the rest of this book an attempt is being made to explore some metaphysical questions so perhaps we are entitled to stumble .
for the rest of this book an [try] is being made to explore some metaphysical questions so perhaps we are entitled to stumble .

The question that needs to be asked is : Can recent developments in philosophical criticism be seen to support religious belief in the way that recent developments in historical criticism can be seen to do ? Should the theologian attempt to make use of philosophy in the way that those who have not reacted against Biblical Criticism over the last hundred and fifty years have learned to make use of history ? Two trends in philosophy suggest that this might be so .
the question that needs to be asked is : can recent developments in philosophical criticism be seen to support religious belief in the way that recent developments in historical criticism can be seen to do ? should the theologian [try] to make use of philosophy in the way that those who have not reacted against biblical criticism over the last hundred and fifty years have learned to make use of history ? two trends in philosophy suggest that this might be so .

But they also know that it need not achieve the sort of certainty that leads theologians to drive wedges between faith and reason , or faith and history , in a desperate attempt to achieve a level of conviction that is impossible in what they see as a hostile rather than a mature scientific environment .
but they also know that it need not achieve the sort of certainty that leads theologians to drive wedges between faith and reason , or faith and history , in a desperate [try] to achieve a level of conviction that is impossible in what they see as a hostile rather than a mature scientific environment .

The desire for certainty they would interpret as a possessive attempt to deny the divinely-intended distance between God and creation .
the desire for certainty they would interpret as a possessive [try] to deny the divinely-intended distance between god and creation .

All these traditions attempt to represent the way in which God both permeates and undergirds the universe on the one hand , whilst transcending it on the other .
all these traditions [try] to represent the way in which god both permeates and undergirds the universe on the one hand , whilst transcending it on the other .

It would be like the attempt to look directly at the sun that dazzles and finally blinds rather than enlightens .
it would be like the [try] to look directly at the sun that dazzles and finally blinds rather than enlightens .

They attempt to point out ways in which the world bears its self-insufficiency in its fundamental constitution , as being what it is , as existing .
they [try] to point out ways in which the world bears its self-insufficiency in its fundamental constitution , as being what it is , as existing .

In what ways , then , have philosophers of religion attempted to combine personal and impersonal imagery in order to represent the divine nature ? One particular attempt needs to be examined carefully .
in what ways , then , have philosophers of religion attempted to combine personal and impersonal imagery in order to represent the divine nature ? one particular [try] needs to be examined carefully .

With the pipe drained , you can attempt a repair .
with the pipe drained , you can [try] a repair .

Then , during the interview you can attempt to use the candidate specification to assess how the person matches up to your requirements .
then , during the interview you can [try] to use the candidate specification to assess how the person matches up to your requirements .

But it is certainly not impossible and the attempt to arrive at agreed standards in all organizations can be helpful and educational to manager and employees alike .
but it is certainly not impossible and the [try] to arrive at agreed standards in all organizations can be helpful and educational to manager and employees alike .

You do n't attempt to tackle the employee directly and challenge him to explain his actions .
you do n't [try] to tackle the employee directly and challenge him to explain his actions .

Attempt to keep a detailed written list of the inappropriate tasks which come your way .
[try] to keep a detailed written list of the inappropriate tasks which come your way .

Similarly you do make the attempt and gradually refine the questions to a point where you for a week or more .
similarly you do make the [try] and gradually refine the questions to a point where you for a week or more .

The important point is that you do make the attempt and gradually refine the questions to a point where you are reasonably satisfied with the answers .
the important point is that you do make the [try] and gradually refine the questions to a point where you are reasonably satisfied with the answers .

This exercise will help refine how you will attempt to get your message across .
this exercise will help refine how you will [try] to get your message across .

Of course it all gets more complicated after that … Pedro Almodovar 's latest film marks his first attempt at a truly explorative internal narrative — as he explains : ‘ You do n't know it when you start to write a script , you think you 're telling a story .
of course it all gets more complicated after that … pedro almodovar 's latest film marks his first [try] at a truly explorative internal narrative — as he explains : ‘ you do n't know it when you start to write a script , you think you 're telling a story .

Any attempt to redress the situation backfired .
any [try] to redress the situation backfired .

She had done a three-month cookery course and , as a last-ditch attempt to acquire some proper qualifications , she had enrolled as a student teacher with Betty Vacani , in Knightsbridge , who ran dancing classes for tiny tots .
she had done a three-month cookery course and , as a last-ditch [try] to acquire some proper qualifications , she had enrolled as a student teacher with betty vacani , in knightsbridge , who ran dancing classes for tiny tots .

There were reports of Diana playing tricks on Charles too — changing jackets with a friend , so he would attempt to take home the wrong woman ; and there were reports that he spent his evenings at home in the chalet while Diana danced the night away with friends in a disco .
there were reports of diana playing tricks on charles too — changing jackets with a friend , so he would [try] to take home the wrong woman ; and there were reports that he spent his evenings at home in the chalet while diana danced the night away with friends in a disco .

He was aware of the need to conciliate , to plead , to attempt to explain .
he was aware of the need to conciliate , to plead , to [try] to explain .

They said the cabinet 's resignation could only be a first step in an attempt to regain credibility .
they said the cabinet 's resignation could only be a first step in an [try] to regain credibility .

Originally they were a crude if effective attempt to get the plumbing right .
originally they were a crude if effective [try] to get the plumbing right .

Asking both men and women how many times they took the driving test before getting through , the researchers found that men had a significantly higher success rate , with 57 per cent passing at the first attempt .
asking both men and women how many times they took the driving test before getting through , the researchers found that men had a significantly higher success rate , with 57 per cent passing at the first [try] .

The British Industry Minister , Mr Eric Forth , said last night that the Commission 's latest proposals were ‘ a well balanced attempt to allay the fears of some delegations about the consequences of liberalisation for their national suppliers . ’
the british industry minister , mr eric forth , said last night that the commission 's latest proposals were ‘ a well balanced [try] to allay the fears of some delegations about the consequences of liberalisation for their national suppliers . ’

In this part of the book we will attempt to answer the following questions :
in this part of the book we will [try] to answer the following questions :

Unfortunately , as soon as an attempt is made to measure ‘ performance ’ , a whole series of problems arises .
unfortunately , as soon as an [try] is made to measure ‘ performance ’ , a whole series of problems arises .

for example , an Individual with difficulty in adjusting to a 24-hour day should make every attempt to strengthen the rhythmic influence of social factors and meal times by adhering as rigidly as possible to a regular routine .
for example , an individual with difficulty in adjusting to a 24-hour day should make every [try] to strengthen the rhythmic influence of social factors and meal times by adhering as rigidly as possible to a regular routine .

This is not a ‘ killjoy ’ attitude but an attempt to guard against the dehydration produced by the dry air in the cabin .
this is not a ‘ killjoy ’ attitude but an [try] to guard against the dehydration produced by the dry air in the cabin .

If your stay is longer , then you can attempt to promote adjustment of your body to the new time zone .
if your stay is longer , then you can [try] to promote adjustment of your body to the new time zone .

Be warned , however , that there are two practical problems that might arise if you attempt to adjust your habits in the ways suggested .
be warned , however , that there are two practical problems that might arise if you [try] to adjust your habits in the ways suggested .

It should be a powerful voice , united where possible , but if there are disagreements there should be no attempt to pretend otherwise .
it should be a powerful voice , united where possible , but if there are disagreements there should be no [try] to pretend otherwise .

No attempt was made to return either the interior or exterior stonework to its original condition .
no [try] was made to return either the interior or exterior stonework to its original condition .

An attempt was made to preserve a sense of the large , formerly unitary space of the mill 's second storey which had had to be subdivided to create the dining- and food preparation rooms , by ‘ unifying ’ the stair hall and dining-room through very large sliding doors which formed the end panels of the dining-room rear wall .
an [try] was made to preserve a sense of the large , formerly unitary space of the mill 's second storey which had had to be subdivided to create the dining- and food preparation rooms , by ‘ unifying ’ the stair hall and dining-room through very large sliding doors which formed the end panels of the dining-room rear wall .

Each aircraft will be acting as an extra set of eyes for the other in an attempt to see before being seen .
each aircraft will be acting as an extra set of eyes for the other in an [try] to see before being seen .

This time it was n't so much a reflex action , an attempt to remove something nasty somewhere down his windpipe , as a deliberate social signal .
this time it was n't so much a reflex action , an [try] to remove something nasty somewhere down his windpipe , as a deliberate social signal .

The recent attempt by Clive Pearman , the chief superintendent in charge of Notting Hill , to persuade the two local councils to cut off funds to voluntary orgnanisations which he considered inimical was an example of an approach whose shortcomings have come to be appreciated at the Yard .
the recent [try] by clive pearman , the chief superintendent in charge of notting hill , to persuade the two local councils to cut off funds to voluntary orgnanisations which he considered inimical was an example of an approach whose shortcomings have come to be appreciated at the yard .

Lewis 's would probably have shrunk from the attempt .
lewis 's would probably have shrunk from the [try] .

For example , in his attempt to lead a new life , he attributes any success he may have had in conquering lust , anger or pride to God 's grace , a very specifically Christian idea ; and this is a full fifteen months before his conversion to Christianity .
for example , in his [try] to lead a new life , he attributes any success he may have had in conquering lust , anger or pride to god 's grace , a very specifically christian idea ; and this is a full fifteen months before his conversion to christianity .

But this is not a work of criticism , nor an attempt to make you like The Faerie Queene or the Confessio Amantis .
but this is not a work of criticism , nor an [try] to make you like the faerie queene or the confessio amantis .

And this self , in the introductory chapter , is surely right to suggest that moral sense and a sense of the numinous do not come naturally — as some anthropological dismissals of religion might suggest — from some crude pre-scientific attempt to explain the universe .
and this self , in the introductory chapter , is surely right to suggest that moral sense and a sense of the numinous do not come naturally — as some anthropological dismissals of religion might suggest — from some crude pre-scientific [try] to explain the universe .

When , in the late 1920s , a critical backlash developed against films that made themselves vacuous in an attempt to match Hollywood styles , the only way people could think of doing it was to define British cinema as the opposite of Hollywood — abandoning melodrama and flamboyance for realism , restraint and understatement .
when , in the late 1920s , a critical backlash developed against films that made themselves vacuous in an [try] to match hollywood styles , the only way people could think of doing it was to define british cinema as the opposite of hollywood — abandoning melodrama and flamboyance for realism , restraint and understatement .

The first success disproved the thesis they ended up trying to vindicate , and they progressively discarded financial sanity in a crazy attempt to blot out the problems from their minds .
the first success disproved the thesis they ended up trying to vindicate , and they progressively discarded financial sanity in a crazy [try] to blot out the problems from their minds .

In 1914 , Gaumont 's London office commissioned him to make Ultus , the Man from the Dead , an attempt to match the success of the French company 's Fantômas series .
in 1914 , gaumont 's london office commissioned him to make ultus , the man from the dead , an [try] to match the success of the french company 's fantômas series .

In 1918 , an attempt had been made to form a British Screen Club to influence the press in favour of British films .
in 1918 , an [try] had been made to form a british screen club to influence the press in favour of british films .

Ships with Wings ( 1941 ) , for example , tells the improbable story of a flyer who loses his commission after an attempt to impress the admiral 's daughter leads to the death of her brother .
ships with wings ( 1941 ) , for example , tells the improbable story of a flyer who loses his commission after an [try] to impress the admiral 's daughter leads to the death of her brother .

Rank was so convinced that making expensive films was the way to break through into the American market that he made no attempt to rein back costs .
rank was so convinced that making expensive films was the way to break through into the american market that he made no [try] to rein back costs .

One year later , Rank made The Net ( 1953 ) , also concerned with aviation , but here there is no attempt to confront the possibility that there is danger within the scientific project itself .
one year later , rank made the net ( 1953 ) , also concerned with aviation , but here there is no [try] to confront the possibility that there is danger within the scientific project itself .

By the time the studio came to make The Titfield Thunderbolt ( 1953 ) , about a village 's attempt to preserve their branch line against nasty entrepreneurs who have set up a bus service , gentle anarchy has given way to nostalgia for Olde England .
by the time the studio came to make the titfield thunderbolt ( 1953 ) , about a village 's [try] to preserve their branch line against nasty entrepreneurs who have set up a bus service , gentle anarchy has given way to nostalgia for olde england .

When this attempt by pseudo-Britain succeeds , the real British look desperately for evidence of their own national achievement in the first moon landing , and find it in the fact that one of the astronauts is wearing a British watch : ‘ This is a great day for us .
when this [try] by pseudo-britain succeeds , the real british look desperately for evidence of their own national achievement in the first moon landing , and find it in the fact that one of the astronauts is wearing a british watch : ‘ this is a great day for us .

Simpler systems do n't attempt as much , but are not going to fail so badly , ’ said an analyst with the Centre for Defence Information , Mr Steve Kosiak .
simpler systems do n't [try] as much , but are not going to fail so badly , ’ said an analyst with the centre for defence information , mr steve kosiak .

The Janata Dal was formed last year in an attempt to unite the national opposition .
the janata dal was formed last year in an [try] to unite the national opposition .

Surrounded by his flock he nonetheless had an eye on Omi and Erika and , although he made no apparent attempt to meet them , Erika and Omi found themselves facing him .
surrounded by his flock he nonetheless had an eye on omi and erika and , although he made no apparent [try] to meet them , erika and omi found themselves facing him .

But the good-night was not as definite as it sounded and Fritz , cowed though he was , knew it and walked with Erika to her bus-stop and waited with her in the cold until the bus did trundle along , and even then he made an attempt to get on it with her , a ploy which , with a deft use of her elbow , Erika foiled , leaving him standing at the bus-stop ; a lonely rejected youth , bowed as with the sorrows of all the world — and yet irresistibly comic .
but the good-night was not as definite as it sounded and fritz , cowed though he was , knew it and walked with erika to her bus-stop and waited with her in the cold until the bus did trundle along , and even then he made an [try] to get on it with her , a ploy which , with a deft use of her elbow , erika foiled , leaving him standing at the bus-stop ; a lonely rejected youth , bowed as with the sorrows of all the world — and yet irresistibly comic .

As Mr Hamilton explains it , this is not an attack on its authority but merely an attempt to establish communication ‘ with the outside world .
as mr hamilton explains it , this is not an attack on its authority but merely an [try] to establish communication ‘ with the outside world .

Yet in our bones we all know that there is such a thing as national character , even if only a fool or a racist would attempt to define its precise ingredients .
yet in our bones we all know that there is such a thing as national character , even if only a fool or a racist would [try] to define its precise ingredients .

Mr Watts circulated 10,000 copies of the pamphlet among staff and parents of pupils at Winchester College , to old boys , MPs , Aldington villagers and the Press in March and April 1987 in an attempt to force Lord Aldington 's resignation as college warden .
mr watts circulated 10,000 copies of the pamphlet among staff and parents of pupils at winchester college , to old boys , mps , aldington villagers and the press in march and april 1987 in an [try] to force lord aldington 's resignation as college warden .

The long range weapon is not due to enter service until the late 1990s and may be delayed while scientists attempt to modify the warhead to defeat the multi-layered Soviet armour .
the long range weapon is not due to enter service until the late 1990s and may be delayed while scientists [try] to modify the warhead to defeat the multi-layered soviet armour .

James Palmer , who bungled an attempt to push his neighbour over a cliff in Exmouth , Devon , was jailed yesterday by Bristol Crown Court for 10 years .
james palmer , who bungled an [try] to push his neighbour over a cliff in exmouth , devon , was jailed yesterday by bristol crown court for 10 years .

There was no attempt to liken any Conservative minister , or downtrodden Chancellor , to Baldrick or anyone else .
there was no [try] to liken any conservative minister , or downtrodden chancellor , to baldrick or anyone else .

Purely an attempt to gather some confetti for a wedding in the town tomorrow .
purely an [try] to gather some confetti for a wedding in the town tomorrow .

Anonymity is not used to neutralize the moral responsibility respondents would otherwise have for their actions and opinions , but is our attempt to keep faith with the trust we earned .
anonymity is not used to neutralize the moral responsibility respondents would otherwise have for their actions and opinions , but is our [try] to keep faith with the trust we earned .

The field-worker was a captive audience for tales like these , which are told and retold by part-time reserve police in an attempt to cope with their marginality .
the field-worker was a captive audience for tales like these , which are told and retold by part-time reserve police in an [try] to cope with their marginality .

We have already noted how deviance is amplified upon the application of the gouger typification , so that the failure to apply it can result in a dissipation of deviance and an attempt to normalize the behaviour .
we have already noted how deviance is amplified upon the application of the gouger typification , so that the failure to apply it can result in a dissipation of deviance and an [try] to normalize the behaviour .

There are two sorts of contact with the public , and how those neighbourhood police who see themselves as having a service role attempt to engender friendly and informal relations depends upon the type of contact .
there are two sorts of contact with the public , and how those neighbourhood police who see themselves as having a service role [try] to engender friendly and informal relations depends upon the type of contact .

Although section 25 , as re-enacted , no longer required the court to attempt to place the parties in the financial position they would have been in had the marriage not broken down , it did not , in her Ladyship 's judgment , circumscribe the court 's discretion so as to limit it to providing for the wife to become self-sufficient .
although section 25 , as re-enacted , no longer required the court to [try] to place the parties in the financial position they would have been in had the marriage not broken down , it did not , in her ladyship 's judgment , circumscribe the court 's discretion so as to limit it to providing for the wife to become self-sufficient .

Mr Watts circulated 10,000 copies of the pamphlet among staff and parents of pupils at Winchester College , old boys , MPs , and others in 1987 in an attempt to force Lord Aldington 's resignation as college warden .
mr watts circulated 10,000 copies of the pamphlet among staff and parents of pupils at winchester college , old boys , mps , and others in 1987 in an [try] to force lord aldington 's resignation as college warden .

An attempt in the High Court to get the decision to remove Mr Ozberk quashed failed yesterday afternoon .
an [try] in the high court to get the decision to remove mr ozberk quashed failed yesterday afternoon .

The attempt to answer claims that psychological attitudes affect survival in cancer patients is reported today in The Lancet from researchers in California , but they add that other factors may have influenced the results .
the [try] to answer claims that psychological attitudes affect survival in cancer patients is reported today in the lancet from researchers in california , but they add that other factors may have influenced the results .

But all the stamping and cheering in the Empress ballroom might almost have been a vain attempt to muffle the sound of hats flopping intermittently into the leadership ring .
but all the stamping and cheering in the empress ballroom might almost have been a vain [try] to muffle the sound of hats flopping intermittently into the leadership ring .

No attempt was made to withdraw the prosecutions .
no [try] was made to withdraw the prosecutions .

In its attempt to satirise an institution supposedly dominated by tedium , repetition and pointlessness , it perversely contrives to consist of little but these things itself .
in its [try] to satirise an institution supposedly dominated by tedium , repetition and pointlessness , it perversely contrives to consist of little but these things itself .

But in a clear attempt to dispel City uncertainty over the pound , Mr Lawson restated his commitment to exchange rate stability , saying : ‘ The Conservative Party never has been , and never will be , the party of devaluation . ’
but in a clear [try] to dispel city uncertainty over the pound , mr lawson restated his commitment to exchange rate stability , saying : ‘ the conservative party never has been , and never will be , the party of devaluation . ’

There is no reason to suppose that Mrs Thatcher took any pleasure from the Daily Mail 's attempt to destroy her Chancellor earlier this week .
there is no reason to suppose that mrs thatcher took any pleasure from the daily mail 's [try] to destroy her chancellor earlier this week .

Theirs is not an ideal shared by a generation raised on crude manifestations of pop culture , most conspicuously in this case , a brash attempt to seize control of our most internationally famous football club .
theirs is not an ideal shared by a generation raised on crude manifestations of pop culture , most conspicuously in this case , a brash [try] to seize control of our most internationally famous football club .

Peter Dominic is converting its Bottoms Up branches into spacious wine superstores with Hunter & Oliver , its attempt at an identikit wine merchant , about to hit the high street .
peter dominic is converting its bottoms up branches into spacious wine superstores with hunter & oliver , its [try] at an identikit wine merchant , about to hit the high street .

If an attempt is to be made it would be wise to approach those organisations with whom the dead person , or their spouse , had some link , eg .
if an [try] is to be made it would be wise to approach those organisations with whom the dead person , or their spouse , had some link , eg .

There will be no attempt to define exactly what art criticism is , or to set out a theory of criticism , beyond the suggestions of some differences in writings on art which have already been made .
there will be no [try] to define exactly what art criticism is , or to set out a theory of criticism , beyond the suggestions of some differences in writings on art which have already been made .

In modern China an attempt has also been made to create a national art , in this instance by partly discrediting tradition .
in modern china an [try] has also been made to create a national art , in this instance by partly discrediting tradition .

Art histories often make an attempt to keep to chronology , although the difficulties include the crucial fact that in art there is no clear sequence of events .
art histories often make an [try] to keep to chronology , although the difficulties include the crucial fact that in art there is no clear sequence of events .

But this was a drama , the story of the circumstances of Van Gogh 's life ; ‘ No attempt has been made , ’ wrote Meier-Graefe , ‘ to make a critical analysis of the pictures , which enter upon the scene only in so far as they concern the drama directly or indirectly .
but this was a drama , the story of the circumstances of van gogh 's life ; ‘ no [try] has been made , ’ wrote meier-graefe , ‘ to make a critical analysis of the pictures , which enter upon the scene only in so far as they concern the drama directly or indirectly .

To it we owe that nervous , spidery line of the drawings — so quick , so attentive , yet so despairing — that alerts us to the elusiveness of the subject at the same time that it perseveres in the attempt to render it .
to it we owe that nervous , spidery line of the drawings — so quick , so attentive , yet so despairing — that alerts us to the elusiveness of the subject at the same time that it perseveres in the [try] to render it .

Indeed , there is an implicit struggle between critic and artist ; an artist 's manifesto can be seen as a deliberate attempt to pre-empt critical comment and evaluation .
indeed , there is an implicit struggle between critic and artist ; an artist 's manifesto can be seen as a deliberate [try] to pre-empt critical comment and evaluation .

The modern desire for open-plan has led to the removal of many bar-partitions , destroying the character of original interiors and distorting any attempt to create a truly ‘ Victorian ’ interior .
the modern desire for open-plan has led to the removal of many bar-partitions , destroying the character of original interiors and distorting any [try] to create a truly ‘ victorian ’ interior .

Although persuaded to drop this proposal , the brewery redecorated in the most unsympathetic manner , using metallic glazed fabrics and crude reproductions of Morris wallpapers and carpets — destroying any attempt at a period interior ( which the 1960s restoration had , ironically , tried to create ) .
although persuaded to drop this proposal , the brewery redecorated in the most unsympathetic manner , using metallic glazed fabrics and crude reproductions of morris wallpapers and carpets — destroying any [try] at a period interior ( which the 1960s restoration had , ironically , tried to create ) .

His marriage seemed like the Atlantic Ocean to her , something vast and unknowable which she could not attempt to bridge but only fly over at a terrible speed .
his marriage seemed like the atlantic ocean to her , something vast and unknowable which she could not [try] to bridge but only fly over at a terrible speed .

The attempt of the police to cause a riot was called ‘ a disgrace for New York ’ by one paper .
the [try] of the police to cause a riot was called ‘ a disgrace for new york ’ by one paper .

All of them take the working actors ' problems into account and attempt to create classes which can make free hours both disciplined and profitable .
all of them take the working actors ' problems into account and [try] to create classes which can make free hours both disciplined and profitable .

The nominalist impulse , therefore , which originates from the attempt to make generality in the world a creation of mind — thus allowing the extra-mental world to consist only of particulars — eventually leads to trying to explain the powers of the mind entirely in terms of the work of particulars .
the nominalist impulse , therefore , which originates from the [try] to make generality in the world a creation of mind — thus allowing the extra-mental world to consist only of particulars — eventually leads to trying to explain the powers of the mind entirely in terms of the work of particulars .

This is an area of some controversy at the moment in psychology , where one of the holy grails is the attempt to provide empirical evidence for the intuitively reasonable idea that there can be a dissociation of behaviour from consciousness .
this is an area of some controversy at the moment in psychology , where one of the holy grails is the [try] to provide empirical evidence for the intuitively reasonable idea that there can be a dissociation of behaviour from consciousness .

The difficulty here is the same as the one already encountered with the attempt to relate evoked potentials to conscious events .
the difficulty here is the same as the one already encountered with the [try] to relate evoked potentials to conscious events .

Functionalists , therefore , attempt to explain behaviour in terms of mental concepts such as beliefs , thoughts , desires and memories .
functionalists , therefore , [try] to explain behaviour in terms of mental concepts such as beliefs , thoughts , desires and memories .

Why might an attempt to explain a particular set of phenomena flounder ?
why might an [try] to explain a particular set of phenomena flounder ?

There is , however , a more fundamental reason why an attempt to perceive a structure within a given set of phenomena may fail ; it may be that there actually is no structure there to be perceived in the first place .
there is , however , a more fundamental reason why an [try] to perceive a structure within a given set of phenomena may fail ; it may be that there actually is no structure there to be perceived in the first place .

Plato said that we should attempt ‘ to carve nature at its joints ’ .
plato said that we should [try] ‘ to carve nature at its joints ’ .

If we attempt to put the wrong type of things together , or attempt separate explanations of things which are part of the same natural kind , then we are going to struggle to produce successful science .
if we [try] to put the wrong type of things together , or [try] separate explanations of things which are part of the same natural kind , then we are going to struggle to produce successful science .

Cognitive neuropsychology is the attempt to draw parallels between models of cognitive function and the patterns of performance observed in patients who have suffered Brain injury .
cognitive neuropsychology is the [try] to draw parallels between models of cognitive function and the patterns of performance observed in patients who have suffered brain injury .

In other words , when it comes to an attempt to understand how someone is likely to respond to a stimulus , a description of the stimulus in terms of its simple physical dimensions is not going to be of any value .
in other words , when it comes to an [try] to understand how someone is likely to respond to a stimulus , a description of the stimulus in terms of its simple physical dimensions is not going to be of any value .

It would not be appropriate here to attempt the impossible task of summarizing modern sensory physiology but it is necessary to discuss a few basic principles and laws .
it would not be appropriate here to [try] the impossible task of summarizing modern sensory physiology but it is necessary to discuss a few basic principles and laws .

• Place a greaseband round the trunk of apple trees to catch the wingless female winter moth as it crawls up the tree from the soil in an attempt to lay its eggs .
• place a greaseband round the trunk of apple trees to catch the wingless female winter moth as it crawls up the tree from the soil in an [try] to lay its eggs .

If they do attempt to fly on a windy day , then a check flight should be made to ensure that they remember the hazards and how to avoid them .
if they do [try] to fly on a windy day , then a check flight should be made to ensure that they remember the hazards and how to avoid them .

Even though the nose has been lowered well below the horizon , a glider takes time to regain speed , and any attempt to turn off immediately results in a potential stall and spin accident .
even though the nose has been lowered well below the horizon , a glider takes time to regain speed , and any [try] to turn off immediately results in a potential stall and spin accident .

Should the latter ever happen , it is best to land ahead regardless rather than attempt a circuit .
should the latter ever happen , it is best to land ahead regardless rather than [try] a circuit .

Usually these situations arise from running out of height on the circuit , but they can also arise from arriving back far too high and by badly planned manoeuvring in an attempt to correct that kind of position .
usually these situations arise from running out of height on the circuit , but they can also arise from arriving back far too high and by badly planned manoeuvring in an [try] to correct that kind of position .

Attempt this in a gentle turn as well , and in a gentle turn with a little too much rudder .
[try] this in a gentle turn as well , and in a gentle turn with a little too much rudder .

Then check it is clear below and attempt a straight stall , followed by a few stalls in very gentle turns .
then check it is clear below and [try] a straight stall , followed by a few stalls in very gentle turns .

Philosophy , at 70 per cent , was significant ; but he barely squeezed by in Latin , taking a refusal at his second attempt and attaining a mere ‘ pass ’ at the repeat stage ( thanks , no doubt , to his past opting out , which necessitated his taking Latin from scratch at university ) .
philosophy , at 70 per cent , was significant ; but he barely squeezed by in latin , taking a refusal at his second [try] and attaining a mere ‘ pass ’ at the repeat stage ( thanks , no doubt , to his past opting out , which necessitated his taking latin from scratch at university ) .

As Pacey said of Dudek — he could never say it of Layton ! — ‘ ( his strength ) lies in his serious attempt to give as purely as possible the experience which is pure and isolated in his own mind , ’ a view which is offended by the notion of ‘ popular culture ’ and the torch-carrying it requires .
as pacey said of dudek — he could never say it of layton ! — ‘ ( his strength ) lies in his serious [try] to give as purely as possible the experience which is pure and isolated in his own mind , ’ a view which is offended by the notion of ‘ popular culture ’ and the torch-carrying it requires .

Any other attempt to grasp the opponent is prohibited .
any other [try] to grasp the opponent is prohibited .

The punching elbow must be flexed before it can be extended fully , and any attempt to strike with a semi-extended arm is sure to fail because of the obvious weakness of the technique .
the punching elbow must be flexed before it can be extended fully , and any [try] to strike with a semi-extended arm is sure to fail because of the obvious weakness of the technique .

Do not attempt to sweep or hook a solidly planted opponent .
do not [try] to sweep or hook a solidly planted opponent .

While in the last century there was still some attempt to embrace all people in Ireland as the Irish nation , now the nation subsists in the Irish catholic population .
while in the last century there was still some [try] to embrace all people in ireland as the irish nation , now the nation subsists in the irish catholic population .

From 1985 , it has been continually invoked by Paisley and Peter Robinson in their attempt to subvert the Anglo-Irish accord .
from 1985 , it has been continually invoked by paisley and peter robinson in their [try] to subvert the anglo-irish accord .

In fairness to de Valera , it must be said that he opposed any attempt to incorporate the church into the apparatus of the state and in this was , as already noted , going against the form of relationship preferred by the Popes of the day .
in fairness to de valera , it must be said that he opposed any [try] to incorporate the church into the apparatus of the state and in this was , as already noted , going against the form of relationship preferred by the popes of the day .

The first of these incidents occurred with the attempt to introduce a law on adoption .
the first of these incidents occurred with the [try] to introduce a law on adoption .

The Methodist Church in Ireland was in session during an unsuccessful attempt by the government to quash the running of the referendum .
the methodist church in ireland was in session during an unsuccessful [try] by the government to quash the running of the referendum .

a belated attempt to meet minority principles in a plural democracy by avoiding any definition and by restoring ultimate power of decision to the Oireachtas [ Parliament ] .
a belated [try] to meet minority principles in a plural democracy by avoiding any definition and by restoring ultimate power of decision to the oireachtas [ parliament ] .

The Conference regrets the failure of the attempt .
the conference regrets the failure of the [try] .

If an effective will to de-alienate Northern protestants in their attitudes to the republic existed , and if there had been a real change in the Irish catholic hierarchy 's position on such matters , then they would indeed have taken positive steps to support FitzGerald 's attempt to introduce such constitutional changes .
if an effective will to de-alienate northern protestants in their attitudes to the republic existed , and if there had been a real change in the irish catholic hierarchy 's position on such matters , then they would indeed have taken positive steps to support fitzgerald 's [try] to introduce such constitutional changes .

But there has been some attempt also to undercut the basic level of the defenders ' case .
but there has been some [try] also to undercut the basic level of the defenders ' case .

Each time you go onto the court to play sets or points , you should first attempt a longer rally .
each time you go onto the court to play sets or points , you should first [try] a longer rally .

The Ladies 60 age group brought home the highest honours : both Rita Lauder ( Hampshire & Isle of Wight ) — and Ruth Illingworth ( Essex ) reached the singles '' semi-finals , each losing to top-ranked American players , while Ruth , in a new partnership with Ann Williams ( Somerset ) , beat the numbers 1 and 2 seeded pairs to take the title at their first attempt .
the ladies 60 age group brought home the highest honours : both rita lauder ( hampshire & isle of wight ) — and ruth illingworth ( essex ) reached the singles '' semi-finals , each losing to top-ranked american players , while ruth , in a new partnership with ann williams ( somerset ) , beat the numbers 1 and 2 seeded pairs to take the title at their first [try] .

He had made no attempt to pursue the fleeing secretary and was sitting as if in a trance staring somewhere between the chairs occupied by the new Lord Woodleigh and Jilly Jonathan .
he had made no [try] to pursue the fleeing secretary and was sitting as if in a trance staring somewhere between the chairs occupied by the new lord woodleigh and jilly jonathan .

For even though some attempt to give status to the ‘ community or home beat officer ’ has been made following Lord Scarman 's ( 1981 ) report on the Brixton riots which gave something of a ‘ slap on the wrist ’ to the service , the deference accorded to specialist posting or to detective work remains untouched .
for even though some [try] to give status to the ‘ community or home beat officer ’ has been made following lord scarman 's ( 1981 ) report on the brixton riots which gave something of a ‘ slap on the wrist ’ to the service , the deference accorded to specialist posting or to detective work remains untouched .

In such a world , individuality is never a prized characteristic , and an attempt in the early 1980s to remove the one remaining individualizing feature — the shoulder numeral or ‘ collar number ’ — was correctly rejected by civilians as a structural move towards an even greater anonymity .
in such a world , individuality is never a prized characteristic , and an [try] in the early 1980s to remove the one remaining individualizing feature — the shoulder numeral or ‘ collar number ’ — was correctly rejected by civilians as a structural move towards an even greater anonymity .

Leach ( 1977 ) has shown the ephemerality which lies in any attempt to classify deviance on a global scale ; for what is criminal in one society or at one point in time is relative to that time and place and to who holds the discourse on power .
leach ( 1977 ) has shown the ephemerality which lies in any [try] to classify deviance on a global scale ; for what is criminal in one society or at one point in time is relative to that time and place and to who holds the discourse on power .

His fertility , narrative gift , gift for experiments and impromptus , are such as to bewilder the attempt to form a judgement of any particular work .
his fertility , narrative gift , gift for experiments and impromptus , are such as to bewilder the [try] to form a judgement of any particular work .

The Special Squads were the Nazis ' ‘ most demonic crime ’ , representing ‘ an attempt to shift on to others — specifically the victims — the burden of guilt , so that they were deprived even of the solace of innocence ’ .
the special squads were the nazis ' ‘ most demonic crime ’ , representing ‘ an [try] to shift on to others — specifically the victims — the burden of guilt , so that they were deprived even of the solace of innocence ’ .

If a wake-up attempt fails , an alarm report will be printed out .
if a wake-up [try] fails , an alarm report will be printed out .

‘ Amanda , ’ said Don , making a last ditch attempt .
‘ amanda , ’ said don , making a last ditch [try] .

‘ Is yours an attempt at disguise ? ’ His face creased into a smile . ‘ Shall we try to reach the food again ? ’
‘ is yours an [try] at disguise ? ’ his face creased into a smile . ‘ shall we try to reach the food again ? ’

Never attempt repairs to the offside of the vehicle .
never [try] repairs to the offside of the vehicle .

However , the blood-tests for syphilis are regarded in a different light , and prolonged courses of treatment may be prescribed , sometimes spanning several years , in a vain attempt to clear the blood of evidence of past syphilitic infection .
however , the blood-tests for syphilis are regarded in a different light , and prolonged courses of treatment may be prescribed , sometimes spanning several years , in a vain [try] to clear the blood of evidence of past syphilitic infection .

Caletti 's admirable attempt at removing fear , ignorance , and stigma from sexual topics is tempered slightly by his view that prostitution is ‘ disgusting ’ and that masturbation is not harmful as long as it is not indulged in more than twice a month ( my italics ) .
caletti 's admirable [try] at removing fear , ignorance , and stigma from sexual topics is tempered slightly by his view that prostitution is ‘ disgusting ’ and that masturbation is not harmful as long as it is not indulged in more than twice a month ( my italics ) .

In normal circumstances , however , an easy truce prevails with candida giving no symptoms from its home in the bowel and man therefore using no drugs in an attempt to eliminate it .
in normal circumstances , however , an easy truce prevails with candida giving no symptoms from its home in the bowel and man therefore using no drugs in an [try] to eliminate it .

Some patients are , in spite of reassurance , unwilling to give their real names and in these cases a fictitious name is quite in order , with the one proviso that an attempt should be made to remember the false name in case a further visit should be needed .
some patients are , in spite of reassurance , unwilling to give their real names and in these cases a fictitious name is quite in order , with the one proviso that an [try] should be made to remember the false name in case a further visit should be needed .

Believe it or not — one feeble attempt by shoe manufacturers to cash in was a ridiculous boot thing like this .
believe it or not — one feeble [try] by shoe manufacturers to cash in was a ridiculous boot thing like this .

Little more than a rhythm section revolving around a Lynn Drum , they were Factory 's fairly successful attempt at New York chicness , and Factory desperately wanted to become an international concern .
little more than a rhythm section revolving around a lynn drum , they were factory 's fairly successful [try] at new york chicness , and factory desperately wanted to become an international concern .

Maybe it was an attempt to regain a certain ‘ hipness ’ .
maybe it was an [try] to regain a certain ‘ hipness ’ .

It is simple to test for adductor strains , just lie on your back with feet outstretched and ask a friend to attempt to separate your ankles while you hold them together .
it is simple to test for adductor strains , just lie on your back with feet outstretched and ask a friend to [try] to separate your ankles while you hold them together .

While there may be pain on pressure over the centre of the bony pelvis if osteitis is present , you may also get pain if you attempt sit-ups , kick a ball or even turn over in bed .
while there may be pain on pressure over the centre of the bony pelvis if osteitis is present , you may also get pain if you [try] sit-ups , kick a ball or even turn over in bed .

Although successful , Zarei has only received sponsorship from the sports centre where he swims , and recently from the American company Alena , which provides energy bars and drinks , but it was the state of his shoes which drew attention at Gateshead . The uppers had come completely away from the soles of the toes and the treads had been worn so smooth he had taken a hot knife to them in an attempt at a retread !
although successful , zarei has only received sponsorship from the sports centre where he swims , and recently from the american company alena , which provides energy bars and drinks , but it was the state of his shoes which drew attention at gateshead . the uppers had come completely away from the soles of the toes and the treads had been worn so smooth he had taken a hot knife to them in an [try] at a retread !

Few people would be sold a new car without a handbook , or even attempt to grow cabbages without reading up about it first , but the same people will on impulse buy a new puppy without the foggiest idea of what is involved
few people would be sold a new car without a handbook , or even [try] to grow cabbages without reading up about it first , but the same people will on impulse buy a new puppy without the foggiest idea of what is involved

There had been no attempt to make these signatures credible ; the words ‘ for my Dear and especial Boy , with affectionate regards from Mr Arthur Bloxam ’ appeared across a faded nineteenth-century portrait ; but they also appeared scrawled lavishly across a portrait of an eighteen-year-old boxer torn from the sports pages of a recent newspaper .
there had been no [try] to make these signatures credible ; the words ‘ for my dear and especial boy , with affectionate regards from mr arthur bloxam ’ appeared across a faded nineteenth-century portrait ; but they also appeared scrawled lavishly across a portrait of an eighteen-year-old boxer torn from the sports pages of a recent newspaper .

It is worthwhile to attempt to form some estimate of the hazard by means of transport tests in which products are shipped by the route in question and returned for examination .
it is worthwhile to [try] to form some estimate of the hazard by means of transport tests in which products are shipped by the route in question and returned for examination .

It is not usually necessary to attempt to reproduce the conditions of a particular market .
it is not usually necessary to [try] to reproduce the conditions of a particular market .

The only instance that comes to mind is the attempt of the Hayes Society to devise criteria for membership .
the only instance that comes to mind is the [try] of the hayes society to devise criteria for membership .

Though we must be careful not to attempt to deny the responsibility which ultimately lies with ourselves , it has to be said that certain employers have done much to encourage these sorts of trends .
though we must be careful not to [try] to deny the responsibility which ultimately lies with ourselves , it has to be said that certain employers have done much to encourage these sorts of trends .

The grass-ley break in an arable rotation is a typical attempt to provide food for life in the soil .
the grass-ley break in an arable rotation is a typical [try] to provide food for life in the soil .

How ill-concealed by some in affected gaiety of mood ; how patent in others who do not attempt to conceal !
how ill-concealed by some in affected gaiety of mood ; how patent in others who do not [try] to conceal !

Built next to the station , with direct access from it and with rooms at economical prices , it was a deliberate attempt by the Stockton and Darlington Railway Company to facilitate the development of the resort .
built next to the station , with direct access from it and with rooms at economical prices , it was a deliberate [try] by the stockton and darlington railway company to facilitate the development of the resort .

The great office blocks of the 1890s had taken over that role , and the office-block stations had made some attempt to match them .
the great office blocks of the 1890s had taken over that role , and the office-block stations had made some [try] to match them .

Any attempt , in the period between the two World Wars , to raise the school-leaving age or to provide secondary education on a more generous scale was for these reasons bound to encounter sustained political opposition .
any [try] , in the period between the two world wars , to raise the school-leaving age or to provide secondary education on a more generous scale was for these reasons bound to encounter sustained political opposition .

Autumn 1945 in Cardiff High School was a season of intensive preparation for a small group of us who were to make that attempt .
autumn 1945 in cardiff high school was a season of intensive preparation for a small group of us who were to make that [try] .

Thomas Arnold , although the significance and peculiarity of his personal achievement at Rugby may have been exaggerated , typified the attempt to meet the demands of a rising middle class by moving the local grammar schools into the national , or ‘ public ’ , category .
thomas arnold , although the significance and peculiarity of his personal achievement at rugby may have been exaggerated , typified the [try] to meet the demands of a rising middle class by moving the local grammar schools into the national , or ‘ public ’ , category .

Nobody had , it appears , intended to create a category of direct-grant school : they owed their origin to an attempt to secure administrative and financial tidiness .
nobody had , it appears , intended to create a category of direct-grant school : they owed their origin to an [try] to secure administrative and financial tidiness .

There was , in spite of the rhetoric , no attempt to identify aptitudes of a ‘ modern ’ or ‘ technical ’ character .
there was , in spite of the rhetoric , no [try] to identify aptitudes of a ‘ modern ’ or ‘ technical ’ character .

Moreover , and although certain persuasive remarks were made about the desirability of shifting the balance towards science and technology , no sustained attempt at manpower planning was to be made .
moreover , and although certain persuasive remarks were made about the desirability of shifting the balance towards science and technology , no sustained [try] at manpower planning was to be made .

Moreover , an attempt to require ( or even request ) a uniform organizational pattern throughout England and Wales would certainly fail .
moreover , an [try] to require ( or even request ) a uniform organizational pattern throughout england and wales would certainly fail .

However , this concealed the fact that many ‘ listable ’ churches had never actually been listed , for , as the Church was exempt from listed building control , no systematic attempt had been made to list any but the most obvious churches .
however , this concealed the fact that many ‘ listable ’ churches had never actually been listed , for , as the church was exempt from listed building control , no systematic [try] had been made to list any but the most obvious churches .

Paula 's head was bent over the map , acting as navigator for the route to the point where they would attempt the crossing into Germany .
paula 's head was bent over the map , acting as navigator for the route to the point where they would [try] the crossing into germany .

’ Evans made no attempt to conceal his satisfaction .
’ evans made no [try] to conceal his satisfaction .

The suggestive outlines of a hierarchy of disdain can be traced : the ‘ tragic Garbo ’ is preferred to Mickey Rooney , Betty Boop to Donald Duck ; their most acerbic denunciations are reserved not for ‘ amusement ’ or ‘ light ’ art in themselves , but for the attempt by the Culture Industry to absorb ‘ light ’ into ‘ serious art ’ , accommodating difference to the familiar — ‘ Benny Goodman appears with the Budapest string quartet ’ .
the suggestive outlines of a hierarchy of disdain can be traced : the ‘ tragic garbo ’ is preferred to mickey rooney , betty boop to donald duck ; their most acerbic denunciations are reserved not for ‘ amusement ’ or ‘ light ’ art in themselves , but for the [try] by the culture industry to absorb ‘ light ’ into ‘ serious art ’ , accommodating difference to the familiar — ‘ benny goodman appears with the budapest string quartet ’ .

What follows is an attempt to understand some of the historical problems of left film and television criticism and to encourage debate about its future .
what follows is an [try] to understand some of the historical problems of left film and television criticism and to encourage debate about its future .

Koch 's attempt to promote immunity with extracts of the organism ( tuberculins ) were not crowned with therapeutic success .
koch 's [try] to promote immunity with extracts of the organism ( tuberculins ) were not crowned with therapeutic success .

Several books and treatises were written by members of the committee in their attempt to answer these questions .
several books and treatises were written by members of the committee in their [try] to answer these questions .

The first serious attempt was made as early as 1869 by a young Swiss doctor , Johannes Friedrich Miescher ( 1844–1894 ) , whose uncle was Wilhelm His ( 1831–1904 ) , a most unusual anatomist who maintained the forward-looking proposition ‘ La solution finale du problème du développement tissulaire se trouve dans la chimie ’ ( The final solution of the problem of development of organs is to be found in chemistry ) .
the first serious [try] was made as early as 1869 by a young swiss doctor , johannes friedrich miescher ( 1844–1894 ) , whose uncle was wilhelm his ( 1831–1904 ) , a most unusual anatomist who maintained the forward-looking proposition ‘ la solution finale du problème du développement tissulaire se trouve dans la chimie ’ ( the final solution of the problem of development of organs is to be found in chemistry ) .

We arrived again at the street where we had heard the news of the assassination attempt .
we arrived again at the street where we had heard the news of the assassination [try] .

We could only lock our vision onto those distant penguins and attempt to get that far .
we could only lock our vision onto those distant penguins and [try] to get that far .

At this point several Westerners attempt to photograph the vultures .
at this point several westerners [try] to photograph the vultures .

Mumbling apologies , Stirling retreated into the corridor and decided on one more attempt .
mumbling apologies , stirling retreated into the corridor and decided on one more [try] .

One of his ideas had been to take a small naval party with him who would attempt to scuttle a ship in the harbour mouth .
one of his ideas had been to take a small naval party with him who would [try] to scuttle a ship in the harbour mouth .

Only the occasional public scandal , such as the attempt to sell the Mappa Mundi at Hereford Cathedral , disturbs the calm .
only the occasional public scandal , such as the [try] to sell the mappa mundi at hereford cathedral , disturbs the calm .

To cite a small example from my own research , anyone wishing to examine , say , the strange attempt at a revolution in Britain in January 1941 that went by the name of ‘ The People 's Convention ’ will have difficulty in the British Library .
to cite a small example from my own research , anyone wishing to examine , say , the strange [try] at a revolution in britain in january 1941 that went by the name of ‘ the people 's convention ’ will have difficulty in the british library .

If an honest attempt is made in one 's own little world to make this strive a living force without being crushed under foot by one 's contemporaries , then one may consider oneself and the community to which one belongs lucky .
if an honest [try] is made in one 's own little world to make this strive a living force without being crushed under foot by one 's contemporaries , then one may consider oneself and the community to which one belongs lucky .

Meanwhile , his wife justifies everything he does , ignores the very obvious sufferings of her daughters , and sacrifices her last chance of a career in nursing in a vain attempt to make her husband love her .
meanwhile , his wife justifies everything he does , ignores the very obvious sufferings of her daughters , and sacrifices her last chance of a career in nursing in a vain [try] to make her husband love her .

Then he swallowed it , settled down on his favourite stool at the bar and began to attempt the crossword in his daily paper .
then he swallowed it , settled down on his favourite stool at the bar and began to [try] the crossword in his daily paper .

In quite outrageously comic and very skilful sequences of movement , mime and clowning , they attempt courtship , and in a shower of champagne that misses more often than it hits the glass , approach the great unknown of the wedding night .
in quite outrageously comic and very skilful sequences of movement , mime and clowning , they [try] courtship , and in a shower of champagne that misses more often than it hits the glass , approach the great unknown of the wedding night .

This is as well as ‘ an attempt at mind regression ’ and Vic and Bob 's appearance as alter-egos , Donald and Davey Stott , who this weekend will be trying out some magic .
this is as well as ‘ an [try] at mind regression ’ and vic and bob 's appearance as alter-egos , donald and davey stott , who this weekend will be trying out some magic .

But the assumption was always that his first attempt at direction should be on a modest scale .
but the assumption was always that his first [try] at direction should be on a modest scale .

Yet , until very recently , the local health authority made no attempt to provide any kind of rehabilitation for their former patient .
yet , until very recently , the local health authority made no [try] to provide any kind of rehabilitation for their former patient .

In a desperate attempt at humour someone in a neighbouring bed muttered half out loud : ‘ The suspense is killing me .
in a desperate [try] at humour someone in a neighbouring bed muttered half out loud : ‘ the suspense is killing me .

The League ruled that the striking off of Grima from the Widnes register and an attempt to replace him with the Tongan forward , Boblyn Tuavao , was ‘ unacceptable ’ .
the league ruled that the striking off of grima from the widnes register and an [try] to replace him with the tongan forward , boblyn tuavao , was ‘ unacceptable ’ .

Although organisers still hoped the match could resume , the Indians refused to make another attempt to enter the field .
although organisers still hoped the match could resume , the indians refused to make another [try] to enter the field .

Valdano , who gave up playing after struggling to throw off a viral-hepatitis problem , has agreed to attempt the unlikely come-back .
valdano , who gave up playing after struggling to throw off a viral-hepatitis problem , has agreed to [try] the unlikely come-back .

Valdano , who gave up playing after struggling to throw off a viral-hepatitis problem , has agreed to attempt the unlikely come-back .
valdano , who gave up playing after struggling to throw off a viral-hepatitis problem , has agreed to [try] the unlikely come-back .

Mr Tebbit 's attempt to build a backbench revolt over the question of passports for the Hong Kong Chinese has inevitably drawn comparisons with the role of Mr Enoch Powell in the 1960s .
mr tebbit 's [try] to build a backbench revolt over the question of passports for the hong kong chinese has inevitably drawn comparisons with the role of mr enoch powell in the 1960s .

British experts are likely to dispute these calculations which are based on mathematical models that attempt to extrapolate likely human cancers from laboratory studies .
british experts are likely to dispute these calculations which are based on mathematical models that [try] to extrapolate likely human cancers from laboratory studies .

The violence began after an attempt by President Nicolae Ceausescu to rally support for his regime turned into a massive protest against the Romanian dictator .
the violence began after an [try] by president nicolae ceausescu to rally support for his regime turned into a massive protest against the romanian dictator .

‘ Tanks and firehose trucks moved into the square several times in an apparent attempt to intimidate the demonstrators .
‘ tanks and firehose trucks moved into the square several times in an apparent [try] to intimidate the demonstrators .

The hard-core of defaulters will then face wages arrestments — either directly at work or , more likely , at a bank where sheriffs ' officers will attempt to freeze accounts .
the hard-core of defaulters will then face wages arrestments — either directly at work or , more likely , at a bank where sheriffs ' officers will [try] to freeze accounts .

If the attempt to entice custom from people who only take a foreign holiday when it is ultra-cheap has been abandoned , they will be glad .
if the [try] to entice custom from people who only take a foreign holiday when it is ultra-cheap has been abandoned , they will be glad .

The seven questions were : What guarantees would there be that a united Germany would not threaten security and peace in Europe ? ; Would ‘ such a hypothetical Germany ’ accept its existing borders ? ; What would be the place of a united Germany in relation to the cold war alliances ? ; Would a united Germany accept demilitarisation and ‘ adopt a neutral status ? ’ ; Would allied soldiers remain on German soil ? ; How would a united Germany fit in with the attempt through the Helsinki process to end the division of Europe ? ; and , would the new Germany take into account the interests of others in concluding a European peace settlement ?
the seven questions were : what guarantees would there be that a united germany would not threaten security and peace in europe ? ; would ‘ such a hypothetical germany ’ accept its existing borders ? ; what would be the place of a united germany in relation to the cold war alliances ? ; would a united germany accept demilitarisation and ‘ adopt a neutral status ? ’ ; would allied soldiers remain on german soil ? ; how would a united germany fit in with the [try] through the helsinki process to end the division of europe ? ; and , would the new germany take into account the interests of others in concluding a european peace settlement ?

Discrepancies remained last night between the Foreign Office 's emphasis on 50,000 heads of families involved and what looked like a Home Office attempt to put a ceiling of 200,000-225,000 on the total number .
discrepancies remained last night between the foreign office 's emphasis on 50,000 heads of families involved and what looked like a home office [try] to put a ceiling of 200,000-225,000 on the total number .

Discrepancies remained last night between the Foreign Office 's emphasis on 50,000 heads of families involved and what looked like a Home Office attempt to put a ceiling of 200,000-225,000 on the total number .
discrepancies remained last night between the foreign office 's emphasis on 50,000 heads of families involved and what looked like a home office [try] to put a ceiling of 200,000-225,000 on the total number .

The original Cardiff festival in 1986 combined experimental improvisational work with an attempt to ‘ show ’ the kind of work being done — something criticised by some as irrelevant and impossible to achieve in just two weeks .
the original cardiff festival in 1986 combined experimental improvisational work with an [try] to ‘ show ’ the kind of work being done — something criticised by some as irrelevant and impossible to achieve in just two weeks .

Even more important , perhaps , were the discussions about the notion of a women 's aesthetic : again and again , the attempt to articulate the new and unspoken came up against the absence of an appropriate language .
even more important , perhaps , were the discussions about the notion of a women 's aesthetic : again and again , the [try] to articulate the new and unspoken came up against the absence of an appropriate language .

The first major attempt to use computer animation in a feature film was largely down to the novelty of the medium itself .
the first major [try] to use computer animation in a feature film was largely down to the novelty of the medium itself .

From the independent design house of Munro & Tutty come the designs , with their primary colours , that attempt to recreate the effects of lazy hot summers , and an adjunct , ‘ Country Diary ’ wish to echo those long hot days and bountiful harvests .
from the independent design house of munro & tutty come the designs , with their primary colours , that [try] to recreate the effects of lazy hot summers , and an adjunct , ‘ country diary ’ wish to echo those long hot days and bountiful harvests .

Winding up the debate , President Gorbachev warned that any attempt to amend the proposals would spell rejection of the whole programme .
winding up the debate , president gorbachev warned that any [try] to amend the proposals would spell rejection of the whole programme .

So after an unsuccessful attempt by a right wing government to have the Opera buried ; a series of firings and resignations — Barenboim , Boulez and a rupture with Nureyev — the Bastille is preparing to open .
so after an unsuccessful [try] by a right wing government to have the opera buried ; a series of firings and resignations — barenboim , boulez and a rupture with nureyev — the bastille is preparing to open .

The officers withdrew and an attempt was made to resolve the problem with the mediation of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees and aid workers in the camp .
the officers withdrew and an [try] was made to resolve the problem with the mediation of the united nations high commissioner for refugees and aid workers in the camp .

The mediation attempt failed and at 3.30pm 400 riot police forced their way into one half of the camp and seized more than 700 weapons such as iron bars and home-made knives .
the mediation [try] failed and at 3.30pm 400 riot police forced their way into one half of the camp and seized more than 700 weapons such as iron bars and home-made knives .

He immediately flew to Perth in an attempt to begin his defence and boost the morale of his remarkably loyal employees , who were yesterday attempting to portray the receivership move as a battle between ‘ old money ’ , represented by the Melbourne banking community , and ‘ new money ’ , in the form of Mr Bond .
he immediately flew to perth in an [try] to begin his defence and boost the morale of his remarkably loyal employees , who were yesterday attempting to portray the receivership move as a battle between ‘ old money ’ , represented by the melbourne banking community , and ‘ new money ’ , in the form of mr bond .

It took the banks nearly two years to retaliate with interest bearing accounts of their own in an attempt to stem the flood of accounts deserting to building societies .
it took the banks nearly two years to retaliate with interest bearing accounts of their own in an [try] to stem the flood of accounts deserting to building societies .

Genetic Engineering : This is a first attempt to legislate in this area , currently dealt with by voluntary codes of practice , because science has been moving quicker than the law makers .
genetic engineering : this is a first [try] to legislate in this area , currently dealt with by voluntary codes of practice , because science has been moving quicker than the law makers .

Mrs Joan Ruddock , Labour spokeswoman on London transport , said the Tube fare rises were ‘ a cynical attempt to restrain further growth in demand ’ .
mrs joan ruddock , labour spokeswoman on london transport , said the tube fare rises were ‘ a cynical [try] to restrain further growth in demand ’ .

The event had all the highs and lows of a record attempt .
the event had all the highs and lows of a record [try] .

The police say Father Gabriel Maire was the victim of a robbery attempt , but the Archbishop of Vitoria , the south-eastern Brazilian city where he worked in a slum parish , said he was killed because of his pastoral work .
the police say father gabriel maire was the victim of a robbery [try] , but the archbishop of vitoria , the south-eastern brazilian city where he worked in a slum parish , said he was killed because of his pastoral work .

The attempt to revive Monaghan Day was a gesture as weak as a couple who marry in order to try to retrieve a lost relationship , the mind having changed the hard actual fact into what was comfortable to feel .
the [try] to revive monaghan day was a gesture as weak as a couple who marry in order to try to retrieve a lost relationship , the mind having changed the hard actual fact into what was comfortable to feel .

‘ He ca n't say that we did n't make an attempt .
‘ he ca n't say that we did n't make an [try] .

Throughout , Moran did not attempt to influence Sheila directly but his withdrawal of support was total .
throughout , moran did not [try] to influence sheila directly but his withdrawal of support was total .

The photographs reveal substantially-sized twin venturi tunnels underneath , which suggest this is the most ambitious attempt yet to convert grand prix ground-effect to road use .
the photographs reveal substantially-sized twin venturi tunnels underneath , which suggest this is the most ambitious [try] yet to convert grand prix ground-effect to road use .

Some swine had bashed the offside rear three-quarter in a very clumsy attempt to park behind me .
some swine had bashed the offside rear three-quarter in a very clumsy [try] to park behind me .

Another possibility is to lubricate the line before you attempt the knot .
another possibility is to lubricate the line before you [try] the knot .

Identifying the underlying motives of a particular nation for taking any restrictive action on trade should be an essential feature of any international marketing plan . Such an investigation allows both an understanding of the actions of the country concerned , and , as a consequence of this , a realistic attempt can be made to
identifying the underlying motives of a particular nation for taking any restrictive action on trade should be an essential feature of any international marketing plan . such an investigation allows both an understanding of the actions of the country concerned , and , as a consequence of this , a realistic [try] can be made to

The best procedure to follow , then , is to attempt to avoid situations in which such conflict is likely to arise .
the best procedure to follow , then , is to [try] to avoid situations in which such conflict is likely to arise .

Reginald Bassett 's 1931 : Political Crisis , published in 1958 , was the first attempt to look at the events of 1931 free from contemporary preconceptions .
reginald bassett 's 1931 : political crisis , published in 1958 , was the first [try] to look at the events of 1931 free from contemporary preconceptions .

The attempt to build up a separate National Labour Party proved a dismal failure , while the Liberal Nationals continued as pensioners of the Conservative party until finally merging with them — as the Liberal Unionists had done previously — in 1966 .
the [try] to build up a separate national labour party proved a dismal failure , while the liberal nationals continued as pensioners of the conservative party until finally merging with them — as the liberal unionists had done previously — in 1966 .

Only the United States had no state airline , and believed that airways should be open to free market capitalism : ‘ In general , the Chicago conference can be described … as an attempt by the United States to capitalise on its overwhelmingly strong bargaining position in international aviation by securing for itself a near monopoly of long-haul air transport . '
only the united states had no state airline , and believed that airways should be open to free market capitalism : ‘ in general , the chicago conference can be described … as an [try] by the united states to capitalise on its overwhelmingly strong bargaining position in international aviation by securing for itself a near monopoly of long-haul air transport . '

This was an unintended consequence of Britain 's successful attempt to occupy the most industrialized and populous part of Germany .
this was an unintended consequence of britain 's successful [try] to occupy the most industrialized and populous part of germany .

The attempt to locate ‘ libertarian ’ Conservatism in the late eighteenth or early nineteenth century seems implausible .
the [try] to locate ‘ libertarian ’ conservatism in the late eighteenth or early nineteenth century seems implausible .

Keynes was trying to create a consensus around public works and his adoption of protection in the autumn of 1930 was almost certainly an attempt to enlist the support of the growing tariff lobby .
keynes was trying to create a consensus around public works and his adoption of protection in the autumn of 1930 was almost certainly an [try] to enlist the support of the growing tariff lobby .

To explain the nature of legal change Stone offers a model that suggests first , that clients revealed the gap between current values and the law ; second , that this was followed by the attempt of lawyers and judges to narrow the gap , often by inventing legal fictions or effectively changing the law by judicial re-interpretation ( the changing definition of legal cruelty provides one example of this ) ; and third , that all this culminated eventually in legal change when the ‘ level of duplicity and hypocrisy became intolerable to law lords and legislators alike ’ ( pp .
to explain the nature of legal change stone offers a model that suggests first , that clients revealed the gap between current values and the law ; second , that this was followed by the [try] of lawyers and judges to narrow the gap , often by inventing legal fictions or effectively changing the law by judicial re-interpretation ( the changing definition of legal cruelty provides one example of this ) ; and third , that all this culminated eventually in legal change when the ‘ level of duplicity and hypocrisy became intolerable to law lords and legislators alike ’ ( pp .

In the last attempt , in 1975 , what made unionisation especially difficult was that , although most of the workers were then Asians , they spoke different languages .
in the last [try] , in 1975 , what made unionisation especially difficult was that , although most of the workers were then asians , they spoke different languages .

Orthodox Muslim parents felt that the schools were making an almost deliberate attempt to obstruct them in their efforts to bring up their daughters as Muslims .
orthodox muslim parents felt that the schools were making an almost deliberate [try] to obstruct them in their efforts to bring up their daughters as muslims .

’ Those girls who attempt to escape are found in a few days .
’ those girls who [try] to escape are found in a few days .

The word ‘ anticipatory ’ falls limply from its first syllable in its attempt to describe the atmosphere , recharged from row to row .
the word ‘ anticipatory ’ falls limply from its first syllable in its [try] to describe the atmosphere , recharged from row to row .

His somewhat thankless task was to attempt to introduce private-sector techniques into the Civil Service by setting up the Property Services Agency .
his somewhat thankless task was to [try] to introduce private-sector techniques into the civil service by setting up the property services agency .

It remained an integral part of a government department but with an attempt to try to introduce accountable management and run it in a businesslike fashion .
it remained an integral part of a government department but with an [try] to try to introduce accountable management and run it in a businesslike fashion .

It is not the attempt of the sans-culottes to get some culottes .
it is not the [try] of the sans-culottes to get some culottes .

But at least one can attempt to say what form the reaction is going to take .
but at least one can [try] to say what form the reaction is going to take .

The compulsion to be exercised in the attempt to satisfy the claim of right is not purely or mainly internal to particular societies : it is compulsion to be exercised by some societies against other societies , coercion to be brought to bear upon an international scale .
the compulsion to be exercised in the [try] to satisfy the claim of right is not purely or mainly internal to particular societies : it is compulsion to be exercised by some societies against other societies , coercion to be brought to bear upon an international scale .

The attempt to understand or to construct society starting from the individual is foredoomed to failure , if not to worse .
the [try] to understand or to construct society starting from the individual is foredoomed to failure , if not to worse .

It was essentially a new attempt to revive the Burkeian fallacy of empire through freedom , obedience through liberty .
it was essentially a new [try] to revive the burkeian fallacy of empire through freedom , obedience through liberty .

Such was Britain 's brave attempt to evade the dreaded axiom .
such was britain 's brave [try] to evade the dreaded axiom .

The end of the First World War was accompanied by unmistakable evidence that the population of the greater part of Ireland had no intention of remaining within the United Kingdom ; and when the attempt to force a home rule constitution upon them provoked a rebellion , Britain had to recognise defeat , but insisted upon the Irish Free State accepting what was called Canadian status by recognising the King Emperor as its representative for external purposes .
the end of the first world war was accompanied by unmistakable evidence that the population of the greater part of ireland had no intention of remaining within the united kingdom ; and when the [try] to force a home rule constitution upon them provoked a rebellion , britain had to recognise defeat , but insisted upon the irish free state accepting what was called canadian status by recognising the king emperor as its representative for external purposes .

This was clearly a wild exaggeration , but it showed , at least as far as the large Catholic minority of Belorussia was concerned , that any attempt to base nationalism on Catholic separatism would be doomed to failure .
this was clearly a wild exaggeration , but it showed , at least as far as the large catholic minority of belorussia was concerned , that any [try] to base nationalism on catholic separatism would be doomed to failure .

Citizens died on the church steps in their attempt to prevent altar-pieces being taken away .
citizens died on the church steps in their [try] to prevent altar-pieces being taken away .

At first light the Commandos are on the move again in an attempt to keep up with the retreating enemy .
at first light the commandos are on the move again in an [try] to keep up with the retreating enemy .

She did not feel she was doing very well in her attempt to persuade herself that her life was full of joys and worth living .
she did not feel she was doing very well in her [try] to persuade herself that her life was full of joys and worth living .

If she danced without a safety net Rachel would find her foolish , and if she refused to attempt a wild and abandoned triple somersault with twirls and flourishes , Phoebe would not notice .
if she danced without a safety net rachel would find her foolish , and if she refused to [try] a wild and abandoned triple somersault with twirls and flourishes , phoebe would not notice .

‘ Thank you , ’ snorted Clare in as ungrateful a manner as she could manage , swept her copy contemptuously off the desk , and stalked out of the room with a moderately successful attempt at dignity .
‘ thank you , ’ snorted clare in as ungrateful a manner as she could manage , swept her copy contemptuously off the desk , and stalked out of the room with a moderately successful [try] at dignity .

This article comes out of the familiar experience of being drawn to a particular image , or set of images , without at first knowing why , and the attempt to account for this feeling .
this article comes out of the familiar experience of being drawn to a particular image , or set of images , without at first knowing why , and the [try] to account for this feeling .

The third main emphasis in his critique of the concept of the postmodern is to attempt to explain the hold exercised by a demonstrably deficient theory of culture and its dependence on a fundamentally irrationalist philosophy : which is to say he offers a politics of the postmodern .
the third main emphasis in his critique of the concept of the postmodern is to [try] to explain the hold exercised by a demonstrably deficient theory of culture and its dependence on a fundamentally irrationalist philosophy : which is to say he offers a politics of the postmodern .

The Situationists ' activities within the cultural sphere constituted an attempt to create a unified range of activities which functioned as a radical critique of the conventional boundaries between specialisations embedded in the institutions , practices and agencies of modern life .
the situationists ' activities within the cultural sphere constituted an [try] to create a unified range of activities which functioned as a radical critique of the conventional boundaries between specialisations embedded in the institutions , practices and agencies of modern life .

Usually showcases are paid for by management companies in an attempt to ‘ open the bidding ’ on a new act .
usually showcases are paid for by management companies in an [try] to ‘ open the bidding ’ on a new act .

It was probably effective the first time , but now it is looked on as a desperate move , a last ditch attempt to gain attention .
it was probably effective the first time , but now it is looked on as a desperate move , a last ditch [try] to gain attention .

The union would attempt to secure payment .
the union would [try] to secure payment .

For example , most managers seek commission on gross earnings , whereas artists ' representatives attempt to reduce the manager 's commission to net earnings from the band 's live touring .
for example , most managers seek commission on gross earnings , whereas artists ' representatives [try] to reduce the manager 's commission to net earnings from the band 's live touring .

An early attempt by ex-ministers to overthrow Banda in 1964 ended in total failure ; three high-ranking party members disappeared in a car crash in 1982 .
an early [try] by ex-ministers to overthrow banda in 1964 ended in total failure ; three high-ranking party members disappeared in a car crash in 1982 .

The contradiction between the two could be seen in the nationalist movements which paved the way for independence , in which there was a constant tension between the attempt to build a genuine nationalist movement and the tendency for support to be delivered on a tribal basis .
the contradiction between the two could be seen in the nationalist movements which paved the way for independence , in which there was a constant tension between the [try] to build a genuine nationalist movement and the tendency for support to be delivered on a tribal basis .

This is particularly true in Uganda where the British-derived constitution was premised on a uniquely complex attempt to reconcile the interests of the four historic kingdoms , including Bunyoro and Buganda , with the new nation .
this is particularly true in uganda where the british-derived constitution was premised on a uniquely complex [try] to reconcile the interests of the four historic kingdoms , including bunyoro and buganda , with the new nation .

This attempt was a reaction to the experience of the British in Uganda in the 1950s .
this [try] was a reaction to the experience of the british in uganda in the 1950s .

These events were the culmination of a process which ended the attempt to accommodate localism into the political structure through very complex constitutional arrangements .
these events were the culmination of a process which ended the [try] to accommodate localism into the political structure through very complex constitutional arrangements .

The following month he publicly waived the death sentence hanging over the organizers of the second coup attempt of 1983 .
the following month he publicly waived the death sentence hanging over the organizers of the second coup [try] of 1983 .

This was , however , to be the prelude to an even more serious attempt on his life by members of the Presidential Guard supported by other army units , and working with certain key civilians of the ‘ systeme Ahidjo ’ .
this was , however , to be the prelude to an even more serious [try] on his life by members of the presidential guard supported by other army units , and working with certain key civilians of the ‘ systeme ahidjo ’ .

The most important conscious attempt to solve the succession problem was made by Leopold Senghor in Senegal , who successfully handed over the presidency to Abdou Diop in 1980 after the re-introduction of a multi-party system in 1977 .
the most important conscious [try] to solve the succession problem was made by leopold senghor in senegal , who successfully handed over the presidency to abdou diop in 1980 after the re-introduction of a multi-party system in 1977 .

This is equally true for the government of Ethiopia 's attempt to move at least one million people , frequently by force , from the northern districts to the west of the country between 1985 and 1987 .
this is equally true for the government of ethiopia 's [try] to move at least one million people , frequently by force , from the northern districts to the west of the country between 1985 and 1987 .

The second approach was the attempt to create a new class of ‘ master farmer ’ .
the second approach was the [try] to create a new class of ‘ master farmer ’ .

However , it was probably the most serious attempt made in colonial Africa to adapt the traditional bush/fallow system to changing economic circumstances and , if sustained , might have provided technical answers to problems which still prove elusive .
however , it was probably the most serious [try] made in colonial africa to adapt the traditional bush/fallow system to changing economic circumstances and , if sustained , might have provided technical answers to problems which still prove elusive .

In an attempt to try to contain the pressure for such changes donors adopted in the 1970s a strategy of establishing semi-autonomous project units , which were nominally attached to national ministries , but in fact were more or less independent of them .
in an [try] to try to contain the pressure for such changes donors adopted in the 1970s a strategy of establishing semi-autonomous project units , which were nominally attached to national ministries , but in fact were more or less independent of them .

These priorities imply , on the domestic front , the attempt to maintain a continuing powerful role for the state , the economic dominance of a fairly small elite and an indifference to the welfare of rural peasant farmers , complicated as this may be by political loyalties to certain tribal groups .
these priorities imply , on the domestic front , the [try] to maintain a continuing powerful role for the state , the economic dominance of a fairly small elite and an indifference to the welfare of rural peasant farmers , complicated as this may be by political loyalties to certain tribal groups .

This seemed a refreshing attempt to ‘ break the mould ’ of British politics .
this seemed a refreshing [try] to ‘ break the mould ’ of british politics .

The Church of England was also , to some degree , a victim of the Thatcherite attempt at hegemony .
the church of england was also , to some degree , a victim of the thatcherite [try] at hegemony .

For several years , a sustained attempt had been made to inject the institutional and cultural life of the nation with market philosophies and business values , to galvanize national complacency with the short , sharp shock of enterprise .
for several years , a sustained [try] had been made to inject the institutional and cultural life of the nation with market philosophies and business values , to galvanize national complacency with the short , sharp shock of enterprise .

The attempt to achieve a national core curriculum , while widely supported as a way of improving literacy and numeracy amongst schoolchildren , was also feared as yet another turn in the ratchet of state control over local experimentation .
the [try] to achieve a national core curriculum , while widely supported as a way of improving literacy and numeracy amongst schoolchildren , was also feared as yet another turn in the ratchet of state control over local experimentation .

The Prime Minister came close to accusing the Chancellor of starting the inflationary spiral by an attempt to link the rate for sterling with the value of the German deutschmark .
the prime minister came close to accusing the chancellor of starting the inflationary spiral by an [try] to link the rate for sterling with the value of the german deutschmark .

In 1988 he crushed a vain attempt to challenge his leadership by the veteran Tony Benn , with an 8 to 1 majority , while Roy Hattersley comfortably held on to the deputy leadership .
in 1988 he crushed a vain [try] to challenge his leadership by the veteran tony benn , with an 8 to 1 majority , while roy hattersley comfortably held on to the deputy leadership .

The Commonwealth remained in large measure a ceremonial affair after 1960 , with a role for the Queen as figurehead , with cricket matches and Rhodes scholarships to preserve links with the older dominions , and little effectual attempt to exert collective pressure on the apartheid policy within South Africa .
the commonwealth remained in large measure a ceremonial affair after 1960 , with a role for the queen as figurehead , with cricket matches and rhodes scholarships to preserve links with the older dominions , and little effectual [try] to exert collective pressure on the apartheid policy within south africa .

According to the itinerary Wednesday was a rest day but after a half-hearted attempt at browsing around the Keswick shops we decided that the call of the fells was too strong to resist and headed for the Langdales .
according to the itinerary wednesday was a rest day but after a half-hearted [try] at browsing around the keswick shops we decided that the call of the fells was too strong to resist and headed for the langdales .

Lamont may attempt to lay down an encouraging market for the industry .
lamont may [try] to lay down an encouraging market for the industry .

Rhys considers it unwise to attempt radically to alter taxes on large cars , as proposed by Labour : ‘ You ca n't just decimate the luxury car trade , ’ he says , ‘ Most big cars may well come from Germany but you have to consider how it would affect the dealer network . ’
rhys considers it unwise to [try] radically to alter taxes on large cars , as proposed by labour : ‘ you ca n't just decimate the luxury car trade , ’ he says , ‘ most big cars may well come from germany but you have to consider how it would affect the dealer network . ’

On lap 21 , it seemed it might have a niggling problem with its drivers as Patrese made a serious lunge down the inside and Mansell made an equally serious attempt to stop him .
on lap 21 , it seemed it might have a niggling problem with its drivers as patrese made a serious lunge down the inside and mansell made an equally serious [try] to stop him .

‘ If a driver knows that any attempt to overtake the car ahead of him will risk a fine or disqualification , then he will not try , ’ the Austrian said .
‘ if a driver knows that any [try] to overtake the car ahead of him will risk a fine or disqualification , then he will not try , ’ the austrian said .

Ford has made an attempt to plug the gap left by the XR3i in its time-honoured fashion of producing an interim S-specification Escort .
ford has made an [try] to plug the gap left by the xr3i in its time-honoured fashion of producing an interim s-specification escort .

The combination seems to point to some underlying form of ‘ essential history ’ of which each individual provides his variant but which can only be hinted at , not revealed , because when the voices join across time they never quite marry , though their coming together is an attempt to generate something which like a collective emotion is necessarily felt as something more than the experience of the individual , as something dominant and external ' .
the combination seems to point to some underlying form of ‘ essential history ’ of which each individual provides his variant but which can only be hinted at , not revealed , because when the voices join across time they never quite marry , though their coming together is an [try] to generate something which like a collective emotion is necessarily felt as something more than the experience of the individual , as something dominant and external ' .

Charlie is unaware of the spirits alive in him , so that the narrator of the story is frustrated in his attempt to come at the uncluttered account of past lives .
charlie is unaware of the spirits alive in him , so that the narrator of the story is frustrated in his [try] to come at the uncluttered account of past lives .

Shaw 's book , however , did encourage Eliot to think of the modern in terms of the ancient , of ‘ creative evolution ’ , of ‘ Darwin ' , ‘ biology ’ , and the ‘ ultimate questions ’ raised by ‘ the attempt to expose a panorama of human history ‘ as far as thought can reach ’ .
shaw 's book , however , did encourage eliot to think of the modern in terms of the ancient , of ‘ creative evolution ’ , of ‘ darwin ' , ‘ biology ’ , and the ‘ ultimate questions ’ raised by ‘ the [try] to expose a panorama of human history ‘ as far as thought can reach ’ .

Pound then made his own attempt , ‘ having the watchman talk nigger ’ , and the project was still on the go in December 1921 .
pound then made his own [try] , ‘ having the watchman talk nigger ’ , and the project was still on the go in december 1921 .

In its attempt to unite the worlds of city and savage , Sweeney Agonistes had been all too clearly founded on the fertility rite as presented by Comford 's investigation .
in its [try] to unite the worlds of city and savage , sweeney agonistes had been all too clearly founded on the fertility rite as presented by comford 's investigation .

This seems to tie in closely with the Eliot who pronounced himself in 1928 ‘ to refute any accusation of playing ’ possum … classicist in literature , royalist in politics , and anglo-catholic in religion , The similarities are made more comprehensible in the 1930 essay , ‘ Baudelaire ’ , where he sees Baudelaire 's Satanism as ‘ an attempt to get into Christianity by the back door .
this seems to tie in closely with the eliot who pronounced himself in 1928 ‘ to refute any accusation of playing ’ possum … classicist in literature , royalist in politics , and anglo-catholic in religion , the similarities are made more comprehensible in the 1930 essay , ‘ baudelaire ’ , where he sees baudelaire 's satanism as ‘ an [try] to get into christianity by the back door .

An attempt by Francis Pym and some thirty dissatisfied MPs in 1985 to form a Centre Forward group to press for such changes was short-lived .
an [try] by francis pym and some thirty dissatisfied mps in 1985 to form a centre forward group to press for such changes was short-lived .

According to Bulpitt , ‘ in so far as monetarism was associated … with ‘ arms ' length ’ , anti-corporatist government , then … the statecraft ( of monetarism ) must be viewed as less a radical break with the past and more as an attempt to reconstruct it ' .
according to bulpitt , ‘ in so far as monetarism was associated … with ‘ arms ' length ’ , anti-corporatist government , then … the statecraft ( of monetarism ) must be viewed as less a radical break with the past and more as an [try] to reconstruct it ' .

The attempt to ‘ discipline ’ certain offending local authorities involved the government in many political and legal battles , the passage of several Acts of Parliament , and , ultimately , the creation of a radically reshaped system of local government .
the [try] to ‘ discipline ’ certain offending local authorities involved the government in many political and legal battles , the passage of several acts of parliament , and , ultimately , the creation of a radically reshaped system of local government .

But also , in this reductio ad absurdum of masculine sexuality , men become redundant as the women threaten to perform phallic violence on themselves in the attempt to forestall male violence ( Genevora to the duellists ) : ‘ The first blow given betwixt you , sheathes these swords/In one anothers bosomes ’ ( 177 — 8 ) .
but also , in this reductio ad absurdum of masculine sexuality , men become redundant as the women threaten to perform phallic violence on themselves in the [try] to forestall male violence ( genevora to the duellists ) : ‘ the first blow given betwixt you , sheathes these swords/in one anothers bosomes ’ ( 177 — 8 ) .

This could not exactly be a straight substitution : to attempt that would involve something like a category mistake .
this could not exactly be a straight substitution : to [try] that would involve something like a category mistake .

Why not the quite simple attempt to touch the other , to feel the other , to explain the other to myself ?
why not the quite simple [try] to touch the other , to feel the other , to explain the other to myself ?

This is not an attempt to deal with these ideals in a comprehensive way — no single empirical study could do that — but merely an attempt to see what bearing our factual findings may have upon moral views about the media .
this is not an [try] to deal with these ideals in a comprehensive way — no single empirical study could do that — but merely an [try] to see what bearing our factual findings may have upon moral views about the media .

This was an attempt to explain the evolution of law in terms of the nature of government , which itself was explained by a variety of other factors , such as climate and population density .
this was an [try] to explain the evolution of law in terms of the nature of government , which itself was explained by a variety of other factors , such as climate and population density .

He was later to become suspicious of Maine 's motives , however , as he was to see in the glorification of contract a subtle justification of the legal institutions of capitalism , and he was to seen in Maine 's insistence on the primacy of the monogamous family an attempt to prove that this institution was beyond historical change .
he was later to become suspicious of maine 's motives , however , as he was to see in the glorification of contract a subtle justification of the legal institutions of capitalism , and he was to seen in maine 's insistence on the primacy of the monogamous family an [try] to prove that this institution was beyond historical change .

Marx 's exposition of capitalism was not just an attempt to show its nature and its temporary character , it also showed how capitalism has an inner dynamic which brings about its development , its fruition , and ultimately its destruction .
marx 's exposition of capitalism was not just an [try] to show its nature and its temporary character , it also showed how capitalism has an inner dynamic which brings about its development , its fruition , and ultimately its destruction .

Marx 's whole work was an attempt to show that this image was false ; that there was nothing inevitable about all this , but rather that this apparent powerlessness of the worker to determine the wage was the product of the distribution of property and especially of the distribution of the ownership of such things as land , machines , tools , etc .
marx 's whole work was an [try] to show that this image was false ; that there was nothing inevitable about all this , but rather that this apparent powerlessness of the worker to determine the wage was the product of the distribution of property and especially of the distribution of the ownership of such things as land , machines , tools , etc .

This conflict led Marx , and especially Engels , to a disastrous attempt to combine both approaches by arguing that there really had been an early stage in human history which was a mirror image of capitalism .
this conflict led marx , and especially engels , to a disastrous [try] to combine both approaches by arguing that there really had been an early stage in human history which was a mirror image of capitalism .

First of all ‘ society ’ , as distinct from the State , had to be isolated and analysed , and secondly an attempt had to be made at understanding the evolution of society , since only then would it be possible to understand under what circumstances the State evolved and what its historical significance was .
first of all ‘ society ’ , as distinct from the state , had to be isolated and analysed , and secondly an [try] had to be made at understanding the evolution of society , since only then would it be possible to understand under what circumstances the state evolved and what its historical significance was .

Similarly the attempt to reveal the falsity of this representation of labour by examining the history of its development is part of a revolutionary activity since it challenges the unquestionability of the dominant representation .
similarly the [try] to reveal the falsity of this representation of labour by examining the history of its development is part of a revolutionary activity since it challenges the unquestionability of the dominant representation .

The two things are not the same , and , although Marx and Engels are not very clear , they do attempt to distinguish them .
the two things are not the same , and , although marx and engels are not very clear , they do [try] to distinguish them .

The German Ideology represents , therefore , a first foray into anthropology , which is important more because of its attempt to isolate such general problems as the relation between property and the State , the growth of consciousness , and the way material circumstances produce mental concepts than for specific formulations about the nature of pre-capitalist systems or the way the evolution of society had taken place .
the german ideology represents , therefore , a first foray into anthropology , which is important more because of its [try] to isolate such general problems as the relation between property and the state , the growth of consciousness , and the way material circumstances produce mental concepts than for specific formulations about the nature of pre-capitalist systems or the way the evolution of society had taken place .

This Marx and Engels were to attempt to do in more detail in their subsequent works .
this marx and engels were to [try] to do in more detail in their subsequent works .

The attempt to grasp this difference and to put it into words is a recurrent theme of Formen , especially because the secondary theme is to understand the contradiction which arises when the two opposed conceptions of man occur in the same society in periods of transition .
the [try] to grasp this difference and to put it into words is a recurrent theme of formen , especially because the secondary theme is to understand the contradiction which arises when the two opposed conceptions of man occur in the same society in periods of transition .

Marx 's theory is an attempt to accept both types of accounts of the Orient and to explain the apparent unity of states often made up of previously independent units which nevertheless co-operated in great communal works such as road building ( among the Inca ) and large-scale irrigation ( in Asia ) .
marx 's theory is an [try] to accept both types of accounts of the orient and to explain the apparent unity of states often made up of previously independent units which nevertheless co-operated in great communal works such as road building ( among the inca ) and large-scale irrigation ( in asia ) .

We have noted some contradictions in his attempt and we shall return to others .
we have noted some contradictions in his [try] and we shall return to others .

Secondly , it is an attempt to understand historically the formative relationships between class structure , political institutions , and property , as they operate in time .
secondly , it is an [try] to understand historically the formative relationships between class structure , political institutions , and property , as they operate in time .

The second part is an attempt to debunk the then generally accepted view that there was something unique , mysterious , almost supernatural in the rise of the European notions of politics .
the second part is an [try] to debunk the then generally accepted view that there was something unique , mysterious , almost supernatural in the rise of the european notions of politics .

The most fundamental objection consists in the view that human history is not governed by any general laws at all , or at least by any universal laws , and that the attempt to construct an all-embracing history of mankind is therefore futile .
the most fundamental objection consists in the view that human history is not governed by any general laws at all , or at least by any universal laws , and that the [try] to construct an all-embracing history of mankind is therefore futile .

The attempt to understand and to find suitable words for these different types of property is one that is still going on in anthropology and is proving extremely difficult [ Goodenough , 1951 ; Goody , 1962 ; Gluckman , 1965 ; Bloch , 1975 ] .
the [try] to understand and to find suitable words for these different types of property is one that is still going on in anthropology and is proving extremely difficult [ goodenough , 1951 ; goody , 1962 ; gluckman , 1965 ; bloch , 1975 ] .

During an attempt to outflank Damour , the Allies shelled the town of Moukhtara where Kemal Jumblatt , the father of Walid Jumblatt , the present Druze leader , lived .
during an [try] to outflank damour , the allies shelled the town of moukhtara where kemal jumblatt , the father of walid jumblatt , the present druze leader , lived .

Coup attempt highlights corruption in Panama
coup [try] highlights corruption in panama

From the opposing camp , Arthur Scargill , president of the National Union of Mineworkers , was cheered when he likened the review report to In Place of Strife — the Wilson government 's attempt to curb union power .
from the opposing camp , arthur scargill , president of the national union of mineworkers , was cheered when he likened the review report to in place of strife — the wilson government 's [try] to curb union power .

Earlier , two Labour MPs , Brian Sedgemore and Tony Banks , were escorted from the hotel by police in an attempt to prevent them presenting a petition on behalf of 23 Pergamon Press workers sacked for going on strike .
earlier , two labour mps , brian sedgemore and tony banks , were escorted from the hotel by police in an [try] to prevent them presenting a petition on behalf of 23 pergamon press workers sacked for going on strike .

Manchester City are making a new attempt to sign Colin Hendry , the centre-half who has not played for Blackburn Rovers since failing to agree personal terms with City and Chelsea a month ago .
manchester city are making a new [try] to sign colin hendry , the centre-half who has not played for blackburn rovers since failing to agree personal terms with city and chelsea a month ago .

Mr de Klerk 's main criterion , as far as one can tell , in deciding who is released first is to attempt to minimise the chances of mass political gatherings giving way to violence and , the great nightmare , loss of government control .
mr de klerk 's main criterion , as far as one can tell , in deciding who is released first is to [try] to minimise the chances of mass political gatherings giving way to violence and , the great nightmare , loss of government control .

The dead officers were drawn from a number of battalions , revealing that the coup attempt was not confined solely to rebels within the ‘ Urraca ’ company .
the dead officers were drawn from a number of battalions , revealing that the coup [try] was not confined solely to rebels within the ‘ urraca ’ company .

General Noriega tried to isolate opposition within the military after a similar coup attempt last year by promoting loyal officers to the important Strategic Military Council and General Staff , and retiring those thought to be less enthusiastic in their support of him .
general noriega tried to isolate opposition within the military after a similar coup [try] last year by promoting loyal officers to the important strategic military council and general staff , and retiring those thought to be less enthusiastic in their support of him .

In East Berlin yesterday officials turned away many would-be visitors from the West and gave warnings to opposition leaders in an attempt to avert demonstrations during the 40th anniversary celebrations today and tomorrow .
in east berlin yesterday officials turned away many would-be visitors from the west and gave warnings to opposition leaders in an [try] to avert demonstrations during the 40th anniversary celebrations today and tomorrow .

The blind pursuit of size in an attempt to indicate success and quality of service has been misguided .
the blind pursuit of size in an [try] to indicate success and quality of service has been misguided .

Noriega troops foil Panama coup attempt
noriega troops foil panama coup [try]

In Washington , the White House said the coup attempt appeared to have ended in failure .
in washington , the white house said the coup [try] appeared to have ended in failure .

Linked to an alleged coup attempt by Mao 's then heir-apparent Lin Biao in 1971 , Chen was arrested and reviled as a traitor .
linked to an alleged coup [try] by mao 's then heir-apparent lin biao in 1971 , chen was arrested and reviled as a traitor .

In an attempt to halt the shootings and bombings of recent months , key points like bridges and tunnels will be placed under permanent military guard .
in an [try] to halt the shootings and bombings of recent months , key points like bridges and tunnels will be placed under permanent military guard .

Labour leaders were strongly criticised for embracing an ‘ unprincipled ’ U-turn away from unilateralism in an attempt to win votes at the next election .
labour leaders were strongly criticised for embracing an ‘ unprincipled ’ u-turn away from unilateralism in an [try] to win votes at the next election .

Mr Watts sent 10,000 copies of the pamphlet to MPs , peers , the Press , neighbours of Lord Aldington , the parents of pupils at Winchester and to former pupils , in an attempt to force Lord Aldington 's resignation as Warden .
mr watts sent 10,000 copies of the pamphlet to mps , peers , the press , neighbours of lord aldington , the parents of pupils at winchester and to former pupils , in an [try] to force lord aldington 's resignation as warden .

It is shrewd of Mr Kinnock to attempt to enlist this mood and to link Labour with such concepts as patriotism , efficiency and plain common sense , virtues which have more often been associated with the Conservative Party .
it is shrewd of mr kinnock to [try] to enlist this mood and to link labour with such concepts as patriotism , efficiency and plain common sense , virtues which have more often been associated with the conservative party .

American , other analysts noted , has had several months to prepare contingencies for a hostile takeover attempt , and probably has a restructuring deal of its own waiting in the wings .
american , other analysts noted , has had several months to prepare contingencies for a hostile takeover [try] , and probably has a restructuring deal of its own waiting in the wings .

His hand-picked President , Francisco Rodriguez , said the government had ‘ all kinds of proof ’ that Washington was behind the coup attempt .
his hand-picked president , francisco rodriguez , said the government had ‘ all kinds of proof ’ that washington was behind the coup [try] .

The Government is likely to snatch at this vagueness in an attempt to discredit the new image of moderation Labour is keen to promote .
the government is likely to snatch at this vagueness in an [try] to discredit the new image of moderation labour is keen to promote .

The full horror of Hitler 's ‘ final solution ’ is generally appreciated , although some , such as Mr David Irving , still attempt to deny its magnitude .
the full horror of hitler 's ‘ final solution ’ is generally appreciated , although some , such as mr david irving , still [try] to deny its magnitude .

With a mountain upbringing , Myles Horton developed the idea of Highlander in an attempt to come to grips with the problems which were really facing the mountain people of Appalachia and the rural south , the day to day problems which these communities perceived as being obstacles to them , rather than necessarily those which planners , developers and politicians were telling them about .
with a mountain upbringing , myles horton developed the idea of highlander in an [try] to come to grips with the problems which were really facing the mountain people of appalachia and the rural south , the day to day problems which these communities perceived as being obstacles to them , rather than necessarily those which planners , developers and politicians were telling them about .

With literacy came the ability to register to vote , to exercise the right to go to the polls in an election , and to begin to develop their previously latent political power in an attempt to seek their own solution to their problems .
with literacy came the ability to register to vote , to exercise the right to go to the polls in an election , and to begin to develop their previously latent political power in an [try] to seek their own solution to their problems .

There was some attempt by friends of Highlander to purchase some of the books etc .
there was some [try] by friends of highlander to purchase some of the books etc .

At Highlander , workshops of this sort of cultural exchange play a critical role in reaching across the natural human barriers which we can expect to find when a number of different people from widely different communities , cultural backgrounds , and economic and social circumstances are thrown together for a weekend to discuss their common problems in an attempt to find solutions .
at highlander , workshops of this sort of cultural exchange play a critical role in reaching across the natural human barriers which we can expect to find when a number of different people from widely different communities , cultural backgrounds , and economic and social circumstances are thrown together for a weekend to discuss their common problems in an [try] to find solutions .

In the case of Appalachia , thousands of hectares have been destroyed by strip ( open-cast ) coal mining , and by the flooding , loss of agricultural land , soil erosion and pollution of fresh water supplies which had resulted from this wholesale desecration and the subsequent failure to attempt proper reclamation .
in the case of appalachia , thousands of hectares have been destroyed by strip ( open-cast ) coal mining , and by the flooding , loss of agricultural land , soil erosion and pollution of fresh water supplies which had resulted from this wholesale desecration and the subsequent failure to [try] proper reclamation .

In fact some of Pople 's early work spotlighted the limitations of one praiseworthy attempt by James and Coolidge in 1933 , to use elaborate wave functions to obtain the energy of the two electrons in the hydrogen molecule .
in fact some of pople 's early work spotlighted the limitations of one praiseworthy [try] by james and coolidge in 1933 , to use elaborate wave functions to obtain the energy of the two electrons in the hydrogen molecule .

Botanical description was detailed , but there was no attempt to give instruction on cultivation or propagation .
botanical description was detailed , but there was no [try] to give instruction on cultivation or propagation .

In effect , this was merely an attempt to generalise the agreement reached in Bedfordshire in 1930 , although the criterion adopted then was not based on population size of centres but on local government boundaries , a much more advantageous position for the District , than the 1938 proposal .
in effect , this was merely an [try] to generalise the agreement reached in bedfordshire in 1930 , although the criterion adopted then was not based on population size of centres but on local government boundaries , a much more advantageous position for the district , than the 1938 proposal .

Following this unsuccessful attempt to return to Kidderminster , Richard Baxter spent the rest of his life in and around London .
following this unsuccessful [try] to return to kidderminster , richard baxter spent the rest of his life in and around london .

Though outnumbered the Nez Perce fought valiantly in a gallant but vain attempt to reach Canada and to find sanctuary .
though outnumbered the nez perce fought valiantly in a gallant but vain [try] to reach canada and to find sanctuary .

Several hundred were swept downstream , and the settlers eagerly claimed those animals that refused to attempt the crossing .
several hundred were swept downstream , and the settlers eagerly claimed those animals that refused to [try] the crossing .

Ollokot overtook them and joined a group of warriors in resisting Captain Benteen 's attempt to outflank the fleeing families .
ollokot overtook them and joined a group of warriors in resisting captain benteen 's [try] to outflank the fleeing families .

The Earl of Essex , who was in overall charge of all the Parliamentary troops , with the advice of Cromwell , decided that the advance of the Royal troops on London must be halted , so he asked for volunteers from amongst the considerable number of apprentices in London ; armed them as best he could and they marched to Turnham Green where they were able to inflict such losses on the troops led by Prince Rupert that they were forced to withdraw , and there was no subsequent attempt to capture London .
the earl of essex , who was in overall charge of all the parliamentary troops , with the advice of cromwell , decided that the advance of the royal troops on london must be halted , so he asked for volunteers from amongst the considerable number of apprentices in london ; armed them as best he could and they marched to turnham green where they were able to inflict such losses on the troops led by prince rupert that they were forced to withdraw , and there was no subsequent [try] to capture london .

Hitler had hold to obtain air supremacy prior to his planned landings and invasion of Britain , but the British fighter pilots — later helped by Polish fighter pilots who had escaped from Poland and had to be trained to handle Spitfires and Hurricane fighter planes — were able to destroy so many German planes that any attempt to invade would have been disastrous .
hitler had hold to obtain air supremacy prior to his planned landings and invasion of britain , but the british fighter pilots — later helped by polish fighter pilots who had escaped from poland and had to be trained to handle spitfires and hurricane fighter planes — were able to destroy so many german planes that any [try] to invade would have been disastrous .

Between the arrival of the first V1s and the V2s , Hitler himself experienced a serious attempt on his life , orchestrated by some of his military advisers .
between the arrival of the first v1s and the v2s , hitler himself experienced a serious [try] on his life , orchestrated by some of his military advisers .

That effort frustrated the Russian attempt to isolate the three Allies from Berlin and normal road and rail links were re-established in May 1949 .
that effort frustrated the russian [try] to isolate the three allies from berlin and normal road and rail links were re-established in may 1949 .

An attempt was made to reconcile the calculation of the average hours worked for all enterprises with the labour requirements of these enterprises .
an [try] was made to reconcile the calculation of the average hours worked for all enterprises with the labour requirements of these enterprises .

Having obtained a fairly comprehensive view of the farm situation in Great Britain as it relates to training an attempt was made to compare it with the position in Europe .
having obtained a fairly comprehensive view of the farm situation in great britain as it relates to training an [try] was made to compare it with the position in europe .

In the year 1820 , 170 years of uprisings and reforms ago , usually law-abiding folk were driven by poverty , unemployment , and hunger , to take the dangerous road to conspiracy and rebellion in an attempt to right their wrongs .
in the year 1820 , 170 years of uprisings and reforms ago , usually law-abiding folk were driven by poverty , unemployment , and hunger , to take the dangerous road to conspiracy and rebellion in an [try] to right their wrongs .

There had been an attempt at a revolution in Russia , but then nobody concerned themselves much with the eccentricities of the world south of Cathcart or east of Camlachie , unless it might touch on trade .
there had been an [try] at a revolution in russia , but then nobody concerned themselves much with the eccentricities of the world south of cathcart or east of camlachie , unless it might touch on trade .

Wilson 's Zoo and its sad lion had given way to the brave attempt to create an early ‘ Safari Park ’ at Mugdockbank .
wilson 's zoo and its sad lion had given way to the brave [try] to create an early ‘ safari park ’ at mugdockbank .

In the Old Testament , after the Great Flood , we 're told that God sent his rainbow as a sign of his agreement or covenant , that he would never again attempt to destroy the peoples of the world . This is what it says in Genesis :
in the old testament , after the great flood , we 're told that god sent his rainbow as a sign of his agreement or covenant , that he would never again [try] to destroy the peoples of the world . this is what it says in genesis :

At least eight prison inmates attempt suicide or mutilate themselves daily according to the Howard League for Penal Reform which said the catalogue of self-injuries , almost 3,000 incidents last year , was an ‘ appalling record ’ .
at least eight prison inmates [try] suicide or mutilate themselves daily according to the howard league for penal reform which said the catalogue of self-injuries , almost 3,000 incidents last year , was an ‘ appalling record ’ .

Might not some agency or other attempt to encourage farmers who employ labour to contribute a levy payable to those who accept , under suitable rules , a responsibility for training during employment ?
might not some agency or other [try] to encourage farmers who employ labour to contribute a levy payable to those who accept , under suitable rules , a responsibility for training during employment ?

Participants could , for example , attempt to make their attitudes consonant with their recently acquired knowledge only to find themselves unable to break from their established pattern of behaviour ( Festinger , 1957 ) .
participants could , for example , [try] to make their attitudes consonant with their recently acquired knowledge only to find themselves unable to break from their established pattern of behaviour ( festinger , 1957 ) .

Key and his associates ( 1976 ) , in an attempt to decide how to evaluate their community project , make a thorough review of evaluation research literature .
key and his associates ( 1976 ) , in an [try] to decide how to evaluate their community project , make a thorough review of evaluation research literature .

Any attempt to support the social and economic development of such areas will have to view primary production as a key element .
any [try] to support the social and economic development of such areas will have to view primary production as a key element .

For example , the Association of Environmental Consultancies was established in 1991 by a group of 20 European environmental consultancies , in an attempt to dispel some of the uncertainties surrounding the professional standards of consulting firms .
for example , the association of environmental consultancies was established in 1991 by a group of 20 european environmental consultancies , in an [try] to dispel some of the uncertainties surrounding the professional standards of consulting firms .

The complex connections between chemistry , technology and warfare are probed in an attempt to explain the origins of the Nobel prize system .
the complex connections between chemistry , technology and warfare are probed in an [try] to explain the origins of the nobel prize system .

The introduction of the five-point try was announced in Wellington , New Zealand , yesterday by rugby union 's International Board , which has made a series of sweeping rule changes in an attempt to quicken the flow and generally brighten up the game .
the introduction of the five-point try was announced in wellington , new zealand , yesterday by rugby union 's international board , which has made a series of sweeping rule changes in an [try] to quicken the flow and generally brighten up the game .

By his own estimate he has spent £38 million in little over a year in his attempt to do so .
by his own estimate he has spent £38 million in little over a year in his [try] to do so .

The Piggotts reached the final in 1979 at their second attempt and it has taken them 13 years to get as close again .
the piggotts reached the final in 1979 at their second [try] and it has taken them 13 years to get as close again .

But as White , a frustrated three-times finalist , is well aware , that longing is not enough without self-discipline — a quality he amply demonstrated last year in his most concerted attempt yet to land the elusive prize .
but as white , a frustrated three-times finalist , is well aware , that longing is not enough without self-discipline — a quality he amply demonstrated last year in his most concerted [try] yet to land the elusive prize .

Initially conceived as an attempt to study the relative effectiveness of specialist and generic team organization , the focus has been broadened to encompass a range of wider and sometimes cross-cutting organizational variables .
initially conceived as an [try] to study the relative effectiveness of specialist and generic team organization , the focus has been broadened to encompass a range of wider and sometimes cross-cutting organizational variables .

In this paper we trace the main contributions to the debate and then present the results from a first attempt , with one client group ( the elderly ) and with a small number of teams ( four ) , to pin-point differential outcomes amongst the most prominent models of area team organization .
in this paper we trace the main contributions to the debate and then present the results from a first [try] , with one client group ( the elderly ) and with a small number of teams ( four ) , to pin-point differential outcomes amongst the most prominent models of area team organization .

In an attempt to address this situation , alternative approaches to worker certification and improved opportunities for advancement have been developed in some countries .
in an [try] to address this situation , alternative approaches to worker certification and improved opportunities for advancement have been developed in some countries .

In the next section , we shall bring together the models of welfare and levels of prevention which have been expounded in this paper so far , and attempt to relate them to child care policy and practice .
in the next section , we shall bring together the models of welfare and levels of prevention which have been expounded in this paper so far , and [try] to relate them to child care policy and practice .

Finally , it seems that attempt are being made in the United Kingdom , Flanders , and the Netherlands to create a more positive image and role for residential care ( see National Institute of Social Work , 1988 ) .
finally , it seems that [try] are being made in the united kingdom , flanders , and the netherlands to create a more positive image and role for residential care ( see national institute of social work , 1988 ) .

In what follows an attempt is made to examine how adoption with contact ( mainly of older children ) affects each of the parties in the so-called ‘ adoption triangle ’ .
in what follows an [try] is made to examine how adoption with contact ( mainly of older children ) affects each of the parties in the so-called ‘ adoption triangle ’ .

We may see in this encouragement of scholars not only an attempt to improve the status of the realm , but a genuine curiosity for learning on the part of Charles himself .
we may see in this encouragement of scholars not only an [try] to improve the status of the realm , but a genuine curiosity for learning on the part of charles himself .

The main gathering of scholars was at Charles ' court , and it seems clear that there was a conscious attempt to restore classical glories , even though much of this did not percolate far beyond the royal circle of intimates .
the main gathering of scholars was at charles ' court , and it seems clear that there was a conscious [try] to restore classical glories , even though much of this did not percolate far beyond the royal circle of intimates .

There was no element of competition between the schools No attempt to test the unaided ability of the pupils .
there was no element of competition between the schools no [try] to test the unaided ability of the pupils .

Where there is a pressure difference , air will attempt to move from high to low pressure .
where there is a pressure difference , air will [try] to move from high to low pressure .

Pick an open , clear piece of water and close your eyes for small intervals which you gradually make longer at each attempt .
pick an open , clear piece of water and close your eyes for small intervals which you gradually make longer at each [try] .

There is often a tendency to stand too far back in an attempt to approach footstraps : this makes lots of fast-sounding gurgling noises in the water behind you but does nothing for board speed .
there is often a tendency to stand too far back in an [try] to approach footstraps : this makes lots of fast-sounding gurgling noises in the water behind you but does nothing for board speed .

Do not attempt to use the harness on a run as it is difficult to control the gusts .
do not [try] to use the harness on a run as it is difficult to control the gusts .

In an attempt to make the board plane in marginal winds ( Force 3/4 ) most boards have single , double or quadruple concaves .
in an [try] to make the board plane in marginal winds ( force 3/4 ) most boards have single , double or quadruple concaves .

The huge variety of shapes is partly fashion and partly an attempt to avoid a phenomenon known as spin out .
the huge variety of shapes is partly fashion and partly an [try] to avoid a phenomenon known as spin out .

In an attempt to cure this problem ( and sell more skegs ) the manufacturers have come out with a number of ingenious shapes .
in an [try] to cure this problem ( and sell more skegs ) the manufacturers have come out with a number of ingenious shapes .

It is essential that before you attempt to duck gybe you can carve gybe well , as the feet and body positions are exactly the same .
it is essential that before you [try] to duck gybe you can carve gybe well , as the feet and body positions are exactly the same .

For many people it is rather demoralising to finish a long way behind the leaders all the time and so pursuit racing is an attempt to provide a handicapping system .
for many people it is rather demoralising to finish a long way behind the leaders all the time and so pursuit racing is an [try] to provide a handicapping system .

Combined heat and power schemes attempt to use the heat wasted in the process of electricity generation but this is a difficult process because the heat is low grade heat .
combined heat and power schemes [try] to use the heat wasted in the process of electricity generation but this is a difficult process because the heat is low grade heat .

The second method of exploiting geothermal energy makes use of high temperature steam — in essence an attempt to domesticate the geyser — to drive turbo generators and produce electricity .
the second method of exploiting geothermal energy makes use of high temperature steam — in essence an [try] to domesticate the geyser — to drive turbo generators and produce electricity .

But he was in no way repentant , for he had parried this by saying he wished he had killed him and if he ever came across him again he would make another attempt .
but he was in no way repentant , for he had parried this by saying he wished he had killed him and if he ever came across him again he would make another [try] .

When by the third day her father had still not allowed Jessie out of her room , and Agnes confronted him , saying he could n't keep her incarcerated forever , and that if he did n't let her out then she was leaving , and that she meant it , he had gone along to his daughter 's room , taking with him a Bible , on which he made her swear that if he gave her the freedom of the house she would not attempt to leave it .
when by the third day her father had still not allowed jessie out of her room , and agnes confronted him , saying he could n't keep her incarcerated forever , and that if he did n't let her out then she was leaving , and that she meant it , he had gone along to his daughter 's room , taking with him a bible , on which he made her swear that if he gave her the freedom of the house she would not [try] to leave it .

They were described at the time as an attempt at ‘ counter-revolution ’ , and in subsequent years many thousands of Albanians have been arrested and punished .
they were described at the time as an [try] at ‘ counter-revolution ’ , and in subsequent years many thousands of albanians have been arrested and punished .

Another attempt at politicising themselves ended in similar embarrassment .
another [try] at politicising themselves ended in similar embarrassment .

Their fanzine , Invasion Of The Wedding Present , is an attempt to keep in touch with the grass roots following .
their fanzine , invasion of the wedding present , is an [try] to keep in touch with the grass roots following .

It would be a massive oversimplification to see The Wedding Present 's excursion into Ukrainian music as merely an attempt by Peter Solowka to please his parents .
it would be a massive oversimplification to see the wedding present 's excursion into ukrainian music as merely an [try] by peter solowka to please his parents .

Some took it as a great laugh ; others as a brave attempt to champion a little-known music ; and others just hated it .
some took it as a great laugh ; others as a brave [try] to champion a little-known music ; and others just hated it .

He made no attempt to talk to anybody , he did n't chat to the audience , which he did during the warm-up spots as the proper Wedding Present , ’ he says .
he made no [try] to talk to anybody , he did n't chat to the audience , which he did during the warm-up spots as the proper wedding present , ’ he says .

Most effective however are those essays that do not attempt direct explication of the ‘ master ’ discourse , but engage in dialogue with Kristeva 's work , in particular with its complex interactions between semiotics and psychoanalysis .
most effective however are those essays that do not [try] direct explication of the ‘ master ’ discourse , but engage in dialogue with kristeva 's work , in particular with its complex interactions between semiotics and psychoanalysis .

‘ But they were a justifiable attempt to redress the balance : the All Blacks have recently had five Test matches , whereas we have n't played together since March .
‘ but they were a justifiable [try] to redress the balance : the all blacks have recently had five test matches , whereas we have n't played together since march .

Her tutors at University College have allowed her a third attempt next year but have insisted she take a year out .
her tutors at university college have allowed her a third [try] next year but have insisted she take a year out .

In Dublin today Charlton will send out the Republic against Northern Ireland in an attempt to take the points that would virtually ensure participation in the World Cup finals next summer in Italy , a feat guaranteed to consolidate his status as a modern Irish hero .
in dublin today charlton will send out the republic against northern ireland in an [try] to take the points that would virtually ensure participation in the world cup finals next summer in italy , a feat guaranteed to consolidate his status as a modern irish hero .

But this is not an attempt to be controversial for the sake of it .
but this is not an [try] to be controversial for the sake of it .

This is essentially a crafts-and design-based exhibition that does not attempt to give a European or transatlantic overview .
this is essentially a crafts-and design-based exhibition that does not [try] to give a european or transatlantic overview .

The prison break-out attempt took place at Crumlin Road jail in Belfast on Saturday , but failed after police discovered a large bomb nearby .
the prison break-out [try] took place at crumlin road jail in belfast on saturday , but failed after police discovered a large bomb nearby .

It would be a marvellous feat if the 22-year-old swimming pool attendant from Wakefield was to supercede Hare at the first attempt .
it would be a marvellous feat if the 22-year-old swimming pool attendant from wakefield was to supercede hare at the first [try] .

First , it would be as unrealistic to impose a world-wide ban on ivory as it would be to attempt to outlaw , say , tobacco or alcohol .
first , it would be as unrealistic to impose a world-wide ban on ivory as it would be to [try] to outlaw , say , tobacco or alcohol .

In the days following the attempt , sources said that some of those detained also were killed .
in the days following the [try] , sources said that some of those detained also were killed .

Meanwhile , Marshall Coleman is making his second attempt to become governor of Virginia .
meanwhile , marshall coleman is making his second [try] to become governor of virginia .

China is angry over Hong Kong people 's support for the democracy movement and some see the border dispute as an attempt by Peking to press the government to take action against the Hong Kong Alliance , a political group that has provided financial support to China 's democracy movement .
china is angry over hong kong people 's support for the democracy movement and some see the border dispute as an [try] by peking to press the government to take action against the hong kong alliance , a political group that has provided financial support to china 's democracy movement .

But Mr Fowler confirmed that the Government 's attempt to find a way of preventing strikes in essential services has so far failed .
but mr fowler confirmed that the government 's [try] to find a way of preventing strikes in essential services has so far failed .

Throughout his performance , Mr Baker allowed a carefully oiled strand of hair to fall over his forehead , clearly an attempt to steal the crown from the famous golden locks which thrilled successive Tory conferences .
throughout his performance , mr baker allowed a carefully oiled strand of hair to fall over his forehead , clearly an [try] to steal the crown from the famous golden locks which thrilled successive tory conferences .

Sometimes an actor makes an escape attempt in a Greenaway film ( notably Brian Dennehy in Belly of an Architect ) but Gambon is a model prisoner of his director .
sometimes an actor makes an escape [try] in a greenaway film ( notably brian dennehy in belly of an architect ) but gambon is a model prisoner of his director .

The largest attempt was about £900,000 , Mr Nicholas says .
the largest [try] was about £900,000 , mr nicholas says .

In another case , a pimp repeatedly followed a girl to her house in an attempt to force her back on to the streets .
in another case , a pimp repeatedly followed a girl to her house in an [try] to force her back on to the streets .

This was an outstanding achievement , since we began the dinner ( with Avocado aux Crevettes de Blackpool ) unsettlingly divided : the organisers ( Central Office again ) had expanded the Top Table so ridiculously , in an attempt to flatter those who care about such things , that all of us who were n't on it were consumed with envy .
this was an outstanding achievement , since we began the dinner ( with avocado aux crevettes de blackpool ) unsettlingly divided : the organisers ( central office again ) had expanded the top table so ridiculously , in an [try] to flatter those who care about such things , that all of us who were n't on it were consumed with envy .

An attempt to emulate such progress in 1987 ended in almost three months of wildcat action followed by a damaging two-week official strike .
an [try] to emulate such progress in 1987 ended in almost three months of wildcat action followed by a damaging two-week official strike .

An attempt by Dagenham shop stewards to win the approval of colleagues from other plants to a South-east weighting to cope with higher living costs in the area and ease problems over recruitment and retention was rejected .
an [try] by dagenham shop stewards to win the approval of colleagues from other plants to a south-east weighting to cope with higher living costs in the area and ease problems over recruitment and retention was rejected .

One such attempt is the £1.5m personal training and development scheme .
one such [try] is the £1.5m personal training and development scheme .

Some have suggested that his appointment at Berlin was the result of a compromise by the orchestra , an attempt to secure someone as far removed from Karajan in character , musical and personal , as the world could offer .
some have suggested that his appointment at berlin was the result of a compromise by the orchestra , an [try] to secure someone as far removed from karajan in character , musical and personal , as the world could offer .

On the economic front , the near-heroic attempt to make a centralised economy work has produced , with Bonn 's support , a real success story .
on the economic front , the near-heroic [try] to make a centralised economy work has produced , with bonn 's support , a real success story .

They are conceived of as a last resort when all else fails , including a mandatory three-day cooling-off period and a further five days while a ‘ conciliation commission ’ will attempt to produce agreement between the parties .
they are conceived of as a last resort when all else fails , including a mandatory three-day cooling-off period and a further five days while a ‘ conciliation commission ’ will [try] to produce agreement between the parties .

The coup attempt in March 1987 was foiled when explosives , army uniforms , arms , a rocket launcher and Sierra Leone currency were found in a raid by security officers in a house in Freetown .
the coup [try] in march 1987 was foiled when explosives , army uniforms , arms , a rocket launcher and sierra leone currency were found in a raid by security officers in a house in freetown .

Police also arrested Francis Minnah , then First Vice-President , who was accused of being behind the coup attempt .
police also arrested francis minnah , then first vice-president , who was accused of being behind the coup [try] .

The prosecution 's first attempt quickly collapsed .
the prosecution 's first [try] quickly collapsed .

He believes that the exchange rate is relevant to the control of inflation and indeed has gone to great lengths to show it , including raising interest rates in an attempt to stop the pound from falling .
he believes that the exchange rate is relevant to the control of inflation and indeed has gone to great lengths to show it , including raising interest rates in an [try] to stop the pound from falling .

In McShane ( 1977 ) a woman was convicted of an attempt to counsel her mother 's suicide by repeatedly encouraging her to take an overdose , and it was shown that the mother 's death would greatly alleviate the defendant 's financial problems .
in mcshane ( 1977 ) a woman was convicted of an [try] to counsel her mother 's suicide by repeatedly encouraging her to take an overdose , and it was shown that the mother 's death would greatly alleviate the defendant 's financial problems .

However , since it is ‘ not an easy distinction for the police , magistrates and juries to have to make ’ , no attempt should be made to draw such a legal distinction at the lower level of ‘ injury ’ offences .
however , since it is ‘ not an easy distinction for the police , magistrates and juries to have to make ’ , no [try] should be made to draw such a legal distinction at the lower level of ‘ injury ’ offences .

It can be argued that these offences may be no less traumatic for the victim than ‘ conventional ’ rape , and therefore that any attempt to classify sexual offences by reference to their seriousness should place these forms of sexual assault in the highest category .
it can be argued that these offences may be no less traumatic for the victim than ‘ conventional ’ rape , and therefore that any [try] to classify sexual offences by reference to their seriousness should place these forms of sexual assault in the highest category .

Family loyalty demands he attempt to rescue his nephew , even if it means , as the story suggests it does , a round trip of between three and four hundred miles .
family loyalty demands he [try] to rescue his nephew , even if it means , as the story suggests it does , a round trip of between three and four hundred miles .

It could be insincere , and betoken an attempt to flatter and manipulate the ‘ stupid ’ Esau .
it could be insincere , and betoken an [try] to flatter and manipulate the ‘ stupid ’ esau .

Again , if we are faithful to the terms of the story , we will refrain from any attempt to provide rational explanations of these events .
again , if we are faithful to the terms of the story , we will refrain from any [try] to provide rational explanations of these events .

Sinai : an attempt at an explanation
sinai : an [try] at an explanation

There was a half-hearted and unconvincing attempt to justify fins .
there was a half-hearted and unconvincing [try] to justify fins .

There was no discernible attempt to use less oil , to cut down the size of the cars or the extravagance of the packaging industry .
there was no discernible [try] to use less oil , to cut down the size of the cars or the extravagance of the packaging industry .

Deprived of its mother 's constant care in those years , it will grow up emotionally handicapped , incapable of forming deep relationships and might steal in an attempt to compensate for a lack of mother love .
deprived of its mother 's constant care in those years , it will grow up emotionally handicapped , incapable of forming deep relationships and might steal in an [try] to compensate for a lack of mother love .

Cohn 's attempt to get his friend Schine out of his army service backfired .
cohn 's [try] to get his friend schine out of his army service backfired .

There was some attempt made to reach agreement at the continuous disarmament talks but the only real progress was a pledge not to test in the Antarctic , a gesture of more value to the species Penguin than the species Man .
there was some [try] made to reach agreement at the continuous disarmament talks but the only real progress was a pledge not to test in the antarctic , a gesture of more value to the species penguin than the species man .

The Disarmers ' efforts were the only serious attempt made by ordinary citizens to influence policy on this matter of their own life and death .
the disarmers ' efforts were the only serious [try] made by ordinary citizens to influence policy on this matter of their own life and death .

It is , however , a disturbing aspect of what are , after all , statutory regulations , that many farmers are reluctant to attempt in any way to address these problems .
it is , however , a disturbing aspect of what are , after all , statutory regulations , that many farmers are reluctant to [try] in any way to address these problems .

It is not always in the interest of farmers or agents to go directly to companies with an interest in selling equipment or attempt to design a system themselves .
it is not always in the interest of farmers or agents to go directly to companies with an interest in selling equipment or [try] to design a system themselves .

Bill is about to make his first attempt at growing vegetables , and he 's keen to have lettuce and young onions next May .
bill is about to make his first [try] at growing vegetables , and he 's keen to have lettuce and young onions next may .

‘ She traded with them in an attempt to bring some prosperity to the region — ‘
‘ she traded with them in an [try] to bring some prosperity to the region — ‘

Curling his toes in a vain attempt to frustrate the inhospitable lino , Mungo watched , fascinated .
curling his toes in a vain [try] to frustrate the inhospitable lino , mungo watched , fascinated .

After calling on Alice to say goodbye , the old man had made no attempt at conversation .
after calling on alice to say goodbye , the old man had made no [try] at conversation .

He had been foiled in his first attempt to reach it by the arrival of Jos , and ever since it had been impossible to get away unnoticed .
he had been foiled in his first [try] to reach it by the arrival of jos , and ever since it had been impossible to get away unnoticed .

He made no effort to be understood , or liked ; no attempt to impress .
he made no effort to be understood , or liked ; no [try] to impress .

Making no attempt to answer , she turned to him and seemed to look into his eyes and beyond .
making no [try] to answer , she turned to him and seemed to look into his eyes and beyond .

It would be madness to attempt entry on the flank nearest the house where the pale , sinister figure might still be on watch .
it would be madness to [try] entry on the flank nearest the house where the pale , sinister figure might still be on watch .

And if he did attempt to round up the collection , he only had to miss one to arouse suspicion .
and if he did [try] to round up the collection , he only had to miss one to arouse suspicion .

Some blame should go to De Niro , most amusingly with his attempt to convince Nieporent that the restaurant should have a sushi bar .
some blame should go to de niro , most amusingly with his [try] to convince nieporent that the restaurant should have a sushi bar .

This is because within the subject 's apparent superficial and narrow concerns , it is possible to create a document that can speak more clearly about its own times than any balanced attempt to view them .
this is because within the subject 's apparent superficial and narrow concerns , it is possible to create a document that can speak more clearly about its own times than any balanced [try] to view them .

As with every other technological innovation , they may attempt to protect their ‘ inventions ’ which means after altering the genes , they could slap a patent on it , making it possible to own not just an idea and a technique , but the matrix of a living animal .
as with every other technological innovation , they may [try] to protect their ‘ inventions ’ which means after altering the genes , they could slap a patent on it , making it possible to own not just an idea and a technique , but the matrix of a living animal .

Indeed , it was this government action which encouraged employers to attempt to reduce the wages of workers by 10 per cent ; causing the coal lock-out/strike and General Strike of 1926 .
indeed , it was this government action which encouraged employers to [try] to reduce the wages of workers by 10 per cent ; causing the coal lock-out/strike and general strike of 1926 .

Indeed , it was this government action which encouraged employers to attempt to reduce the wages of workers by 10 per cent ; causing the coal lock-out/strike and General Strike of 1926 .
indeed , it was this government action which encouraged employers to [try] to reduce the wages of workers by 10 per cent ; causing the coal lock-out/strike and general strike of 1926 .

The wartime machinery of industrial relations still survived — particularly the Whitley Councils which had been formed in order to bring employers and employees together in an attempt to resolve differences without industrial conflict .
the wartime machinery of industrial relations still survived — particularly the whitley councils which had been formed in order to bring employers and employees together in an [try] to resolve differences without industrial conflict .

Secondly , the outcome of the dispute was seen as a victory for the workers in their attempt to prevent wages being reduced further .
secondly , the outcome of the dispute was seen as a victory for the workers in their [try] to prevent wages being reduced further .

She admitted she had come from London to gain recruits for the Communist Party , but denied any attempt to stir up strife .
she admitted she had come from london to gain recruits for the communist party , but denied any [try] to stir up strife .

By the end of 1926 , the General Council was advancing the argument , with some justification , that the General Strike had only been an attempt to warn employers that the problems of industry could not constantly be tackled at the expense of the standard of living of the workers .
by the end of 1926 , the general council was advancing the argument , with some justification , that the general strike had only been an [try] to warn employers that the problems of industry could not constantly be tackled at the expense of the standard of living of the workers .

’ Michael Bentley suggests that the actions of the Conservative leaders were deliberate for the , ‘ Conservatives made a conscious attempt to eradicate all traces of policy in order to appear stolid and silhouette Lloyd George as a very dangerous thing .
’ michael bentley suggests that the actions of the conservative leaders were deliberate for the , ‘ conservatives made a conscious [try] to eradicate all traces of policy in order to appear stolid and silhouette lloyd george as a very dangerous thing .

It was not defensive , but a calculated attempt to discredit Lloyd George .
it was not defensive , but a calculated [try] to discredit lloyd george .

Indeed , such a split appeared possible in February 1938 when Anthony Eden resigned from the National government because of the attempt by Neville Chamberlain , the Prime Minister , to recruit Italy as an ally against Germany .
indeed , such a split appeared possible in february 1938 when anthony eden resigned from the national government because of the [try] by neville chamberlain , the prime minister , to recruit italy as an ally against germany .

Eventually , Eden resigned in February 1938 allegedly as a result of Chamberlain 's attempt to make an agreement with the Italians without informing him , although Carlton puts the ball firmly in Eden 's court , suggesting that ‘ Essentially … his departure sprang from an unwillingness to treat with Mussolini .
eventually , eden resigned in february 1938 allegedly as a result of chamberlain 's [try] to make an agreement with the italians without informing him , although carlton puts the ball firmly in eden 's court , suggesting that ‘ essentially … his departure sprang from an unwillingness to treat with mussolini .

The Spanish Civil War began in July 1936 when a Moorish legion invaded southern Spain in support of General Franco 's attempt to overthrow the socialist-dominated Spanish Republican government .
the spanish civil war began in july 1936 when a moorish legion invaded southern spain in support of general franco 's [try] to overthrow the socialist-dominated spanish republican government .

We have witnessed a further attempt on the part of the Fascist element in Spain to supersede the democratically elected Government of the People of Spain by force of arms .
we have witnessed a further [try] on the part of the fascist element in spain to supersede the democratically elected government of the people of spain by force of arms .

Despite the nineteenth-century narrative sheen , this departure into steampunk is still cyberpunk at heart , and the tangled vision of Victorian cybernetics is another attempt to find an image for the unfathomable complexity of the contemporary information revolution . Brilliant
despite the nineteenth-century narrative sheen , this departure into steampunk is still cyberpunk at heart , and the tangled vision of victorian cybernetics is another [try] to find an image for the unfathomable complexity of the contemporary information revolution . brilliant

’ His voice rose a little in a forlorn attempt to drown the continued unpleasantness next door .
’ his voice rose a little in a forlorn [try] to drown the continued unpleasantness next door .

It seemed such an impossible feat to make the best of a bad deal that he made no attempt at it .
it seemed such an impossible feat to make the best of a bad deal that he made no [try] at it .

’ The Colonel 's vain attempt to get a word in was so sharply smothered and he looked so rattled that Clarissa sat down again .
’ the colonel 's vain [try] to get a word in was so sharply smothered and he looked so rattled that clarissa sat down again .

But she had bungled every single attempt to help .
but she had bungled every single [try] to help .

Jinny had made one attempt to say something to the boy , but Doyle stopped her immediately , catching hold of her chin and jerking her head away .
jinny had made one [try] to say something to the boy , but doyle stopped her immediately , catching hold of her chin and jerking her head away .

Flinging her voice into the wind in a last , desperate attempt to make the Hare-woman put down the gun .
flinging her voice into the wind in a last , desperate [try] to make the hare-woman put down the gun .

Gazzer could not disguise the grovelling tones of this clumsy attempt at flattery .
gazzer could not disguise the grovelling tones of this clumsy [try] at flattery .

As she dropped to the ground in a crouch , preparing to make another attempt at the obstacle , Frankie turned on his heels and raced for the house .
as she dropped to the ground in a crouch , preparing to make another [try] at the obstacle , frankie turned on his heels and raced for the house .

At the Economic Planning Council he had expected to see Clem Bunker , but he was absent , holding his own meeting with the vehicle plant conveners in an attempt to determine the truth about the sacking incident and to resolve the dispute .
at the economic planning council he had expected to see clem bunker , but he was absent , holding his own meeting with the vehicle plant conveners in an [try] to determine the truth about the sacking incident and to resolve the dispute .

No attempt can be made in a work of this scope to relate the full story of how nineteenth century attitudes to death evolved during the present century into those now prevailing .
no [try] can be made in a work of this scope to relate the full story of how nineteenth century attitudes to death evolved during the present century into those now prevailing .

It must surely be apparent that , with death visiting almost every family with such regularity , any attempt to mask or evade the reality of death could not have succeeded , and would probably have made the situation worse .
it must surely be apparent that , with death visiting almost every family with such regularity , any [try] to mask or evade the reality of death could not have succeeded , and would probably have made the situation worse .

Cynicism , defiance , desperation — these were adult attitudes ; so , too , was the attempt to evade the thought of death , as so many do today .
cynicism , defiance , desperation — these were adult attitudes ; so , too , was the [try] to evade the thought of death , as so many do today .

The urban poor tried valiantly to give to their dead a dignity they had scarcely known in life ; but the attempt often proved unavailing .
the urban poor tried valiantly to give to their dead a dignity they had scarcely known in life ; but the [try] often proved unavailing .

Indeed , it was the initial attempt to date these which led to the discovery of anomalous fading .
indeed , it was the initial [try] to date these which led to the discovery of anomalous fading .

The symbol of the Virgin Mary has come almost to epitomize the problems for women who attempt to continue within the Christian tradition .
the symbol of the virgin mary has come almost to epitomize the problems for women who [try] to continue within the christian tradition .

All the evidence suggests that she had her confessor wrapped around her little finger : while claiming the complete obedience appropriate to her spiritual supervisor she in fact got round every attempt he ever made to make her moderate her life style ; she persuaded him to confer his blessing and approval on her choices .
all the evidence suggests that she had her confessor wrapped around her little finger : while claiming the complete obedience appropriate to her spiritual supervisor she in fact got round every [try] he ever made to make her moderate her life style ; she persuaded him to confer his blessing and approval on her choices .

Without disentangling the threads of the web that surrounds us , any attempt to describe how things might be otherwise will fall .
without disentangling the threads of the web that surrounds us , any [try] to describe how things might be otherwise will fall .

Franca , now gathered into Marcus 's attempt , was saying in her mind , Oh let it be all right , let it be all right , not sure what she meant by this , whether that Marcus should revive Patrick , or whether simply that Marcus should ‘ get away ’ without some positive disgrace , some catastrophe or shameful happening .
franca , now gathered into marcus 's [try] , was saying in her mind , oh let it be all right , let it be all right , not sure what she meant by this , whether that marcus should revive patrick , or whether simply that marcus should ‘ get away ’ without some positive disgrace , some catastrophe or shameful happening .

It seemed the end of the attempt .
it seemed the end of the [try] .

He did not attempt the removal of the pyjama jacket , but suddenly stood up and began to pull the red trousers down and get them off ; and it seemed that Patrick , shifting very slightly , assisted the operation , his eyes now moving in awareness of what Marcus was doing .
he did not [try] the removal of the pyjama jacket , but suddenly stood up and began to pull the red trousers down and get them off ; and it seemed that patrick , shifting very slightly , assisted the operation , his eyes now moving in awareness of what marcus was doing .

They treated her , amiably , as a ‘ little savage ’ or a ‘ wild girl ’ , whom they must attempt to civilise .
they treated her , amiably , as a ‘ little savage ’ or a ‘ wild girl ’ , whom they must [try] to civilise .

Franca did not attempt to wipe away the tears , she let them roll down and drip onto the front of the apron which she was wearing over her brown dress .
franca did not [try] to wipe away the tears , she let them roll down and drip onto the front of the apron which she was wearing over her brown dress .

‘ To attempt , in some intuition of evil , to understand them , to enact them , and so to activate and reveal the evil in one 's own soul . ’
‘ to [try] , in some intuition of evil , to understand them , to enact them , and so to activate and reveal the evil in one 's own soul . ’

More than this , even with earlier memories they rarely made any systematic attempt to gather evidence of later life from childhood memories about grandparents or old people in the neighbourhood .
more than this , even with earlier memories they rarely made any systematic [try] to gather evidence of later life from childhood memories about grandparents or old people in the neighbourhood .

It is important to re-emphasize , however , that just because we are presenting an account of later life from the inside , rather than as judged by outsiders , this book does not attempt to present an objective measure of disadvantage .
it is important to re-emphasize , however , that just because we are presenting an account of later life from the inside , rather than as judged by outsiders , this book does not [try] to present an objective measure of disadvantage .

Possibly the earliest attempt at a scientific study of ageing , he wrote it when he was himself 62 .
possibly the earliest [try] at a scientific study of ageing , he wrote it when he was himself 62 .

The mid- and late nineteenth century saw a savage counter-attack on this system , with a reduction of pensions to a mere third of the value of the average working man 's wage , and a concerted attempt to shift more of the burden back onto the family .
the mid- and late nineteenth century saw a savage counter-attack on this system , with a reduction of pensions to a mere third of the value of the average working man 's wage , and a concerted [try] to shift more of the burden back onto the family .

In these , however , no special attempt was made by the interviewers to evoke memories of grandparents or other old people .
in these , however , no special [try] was made by the interviewers to evoke memories of grandparents or other old people .

Because in the earlier interviews no attempt was made to stimulate recollections of grandparents , we have a clearer indication of how far such memories were important .
because in the earlier interviews no [try] was made to stimulate recollections of grandparents , we have a clearer indication of how far such memories were important .

An example is the soaking of equipment in an attempt to reduce bacterial loading .
an example is the soaking of equipment in an [try] to reduce bacterial loading .

Effective : In an attempt to make distribution more controllable and easier , for the administrator rather than the user , it is common for the number of products distributed to be restricted .
effective : in an [try] to make distribution more controllable and easier , for the administrator rather than the user , it is common for the number of products distributed to be restricted .

In a new collection of his photographs — My Lithuania — from publishers Thames and Hudson ( £24.00 ) , he certainly admits to literary pretensions as a young man and his photographs can be seen as an attempt to capture the lives of fellow Lithuanians in the detail which only words can usually portray .
in a new collection of his photographs — my lithuania — from publishers thames and hudson ( £24.00 ) , he certainly admits to literary pretensions as a young man and his photographs can be seen as an [try] to capture the lives of fellow lithuanians in the detail which only words can usually portray .

At the funeral of one of his bodyguards after an assassination attempt Pinochet was crying .
at the funeral of one of his bodyguards after an assassination [try] pinochet was crying .

One attempt to model only critical variables which determine yield has been made by Stocking and Pain ( 1983 ) where they concentrate upon the impact of erosive forces upon the availability of minimum moisture levels .
one [try] to model only critical variables which determine yield has been made by stocking and pain ( 1983 ) where they concentrate upon the impact of erosive forces upon the availability of minimum moisture levels .

Even within one crop , varieties are often introduced in an attempt to maximise yields , but succeed only at the cost of decreasing soil protection by foliage at times of heaviest rainfall ( David Gibbon , personal communication ) .
even within one crop , varieties are often introduced in an [try] to maximise yields , but succeed only at the cost of decreasing soil protection by foliage at times of heaviest rainfall ( david gibbon , personal communication ) .

Indeed , the existence of soil degradation and erosion is contingent on an enormous variety of human and physiographic variables , and it is probably impossible and counter-productive to attempt a single theory of soil erosion .
indeed , the existence of soil degradation and erosion is contingent on an enormous variety of human and physiographic variables , and it is probably impossible and counter-productive to [try] a single theory of soil erosion .

Our starting point lies in the identification of the social factors which help to shape the perception of the problem of soil erosion by those who attempt to intervene in land-use decisions through government action .
our starting point lies in the identification of the social factors which help to shape the perception of the problem of soil erosion by those who [try] to intervene in land-use decisions through government action .

Although many elements of that model still exist today , there is also quite widespread dissatisfaction with it , and there has been some attempt to find out why , and to modify these elements .
although many elements of that model still exist today , there is also quite widespread dissatisfaction with it , and there has been some [try] to find out why , and to modify these elements .

They are : ( a ) a new attempt to understand the interrelatedness of the current problems that beset conservation policies ; ( b ) to stimulate flows of information between land-users and institutions of government ; and ( c ) linking conservation with wider development efforts .
they are : ( a ) a new [try] to understand the interrelatedness of the current problems that beset conservation policies ; ( b ) to stimulate flows of information between land-users and institutions of government ; and ( c ) linking conservation with wider development efforts .

Chapters 6 and 7 attempt to develop one which enables local situations to be studied in relation to wider concerns , and , to use ugly but accurate jargon , to ‘ theorise the conjuncture ’ .
chapters 6 and 7 [try] to develop one which enables local situations to be studied in relation to wider concerns , and , to use ugly but accurate jargon , to ‘ theorise the conjuncture ’ .

In the attempt to combine the analysis of physical processes of soil erosion with that of human agricultural and pastoral practices , the expectations of natural and social scientists over the status and domain of proof tend to be irreconcilable ( for further discussion readers are referred to more detailed texts such as Winch 1958 ; Bernal 1969 ; Benton 1977 ; Gregory ( 1978 ) .
in the [try] to combine the analysis of physical processes of soil erosion with that of human agricultural and pastoral practices , the expectations of natural and social scientists over the status and domain of proof tend to be irreconcilable ( for further discussion readers are referred to more detailed texts such as winch 1958 ; bernal 1969 ; benton 1977 ; gregory ( 1978 ) .

Both family planning and soil conservation are activities which governments attempt to get people to undertake .
both family planning and soil conservation are activities which governments [try] to get people to undertake .

Thus there are four major areas in which family planning and soil conservation policies are similar — the attempt on the part of the state to change private action where private benefits are not clear ; the deep-seated nature of the key or determining variables in the achievement of the policies ' objectives ; the problems of researching a highly complex field , and the realisation that knowledge of how the key variables operate is not enough , and the fact that these policies are almost universally unpopular with politicians and people in general .
thus there are four major areas in which family planning and soil conservation policies are similar — the [try] on the part of the state to change private action where private benefits are not clear ; the deep-seated nature of the key or determining variables in the achievement of the policies ' objectives ; the problems of researching a highly complex field , and the realisation that knowledge of how the key variables operate is not enough , and the fact that these policies are almost universally unpopular with politicians and people in general .

The first was an accelerated attempt to broaden the focus of the family planning programme to include the broader concept of family welfare planning — an ingenious verbal massage of an increasingly tarnished image , but one which did acknowledge the need for a better delivery system for family health including better preventative medicine , pre- and post-puerperal care and advice on household hygiene which would lower infant mortality rates and improve the health of the family .
the first was an accelerated [try] to broaden the focus of the family planning programme to include the broader concept of family welfare planning — an ingenious verbal massage of an increasingly tarnished image , but one which did acknowledge the need for a better delivery system for family health including better preventative medicine , pre- and post-puerperal care and advice on household hygiene which would lower infant mortality rates and improve the health of the family .

The second development in family planning in India was of a very different kind and involved the attempt by the state during the Emergency of 1975/76 to step up the programme .
the second development in family planning in india was of a very different kind and involved the [try] by the state during the emergency of 1975/76 to step up the programme .

Another attempt at some of the captions :
another [try] at some of the captions :

They were not even allowed to attempt to grow things in tubs in their black area , for reasons vague but peremptory , put forward by their landlady , an octogenarian Mrs Irving , who inhabited the three floors above them in a rank civet fug amongst unnumbered cats , and who kept the garden as bright and wholesome and well-ordered as her living-room was sparse and decomposing .
they were not even allowed to [try] to grow things in tubs in their black area , for reasons vague but peremptory , put forward by their landlady , an octogenarian mrs irving , who inhabited the three floors above them in a rank civet fug amongst unnumbered cats , and who kept the garden as bright and wholesome and well-ordered as her living-room was sparse and decomposing .

And for the future , a trip to Everest with a group dedicated to breaking records who will attempt a difficult route .
and for the future , a trip to everest with a group dedicated to breaking records who will [try] a difficult route .

Outer Space , is concerned with recent developments in photo-based installations and presents a range of cultural , historical , political and technological ‘ spaces ’ in an attempt to look beyond established attitudes to photography ( 19 Mar–26 April ) .
outer space , is concerned with recent developments in photo-based installations and presents a range of cultural , historical , political and technological ‘ spaces ’ in an [try] to look beyond established attitudes to photography ( 19 mar–26 april ) .

‘ Rendre la perception confuse , multiple et simultanée du monde ’ was the title of one of the interviews given to coincide with the publication of Histoire ( 1967 ) , in the course of which he described his narrative strategy in the novel as an attempt to convey , in formal terms , the incoherence of perception and memory .
‘ rendre la perception confuse , multiple et simultanée du monde ’ was the title of one of the interviews given to coincide with the publication of histoire ( 1967 ) , in the course of which he described his narrative strategy in the novel as an [try] to convey , in formal terms , the incoherence of perception and memory .

Roland Barthes 's preface to this volume warns against the attempt made to ‘ naturalize ’ Robbe-Grillet 's fiction by adopting such a markedly humanist approach .
roland barthes 's preface to this volume warns against the [try] made to ‘ naturalize ’ robbe-grillet 's fiction by adopting such a markedly humanist approach .

This does not suggest that a return to psychological realism or a romanticization of the author is taking place ; rather , the autobiographical trend in recent writing demonstrates an attempt to maintain the plural and unrestricted nature of writing .
this does not suggest that a return to psychological realism or a romanticization of the author is taking place ; rather , the autobiographical trend in recent writing demonstrates an [try] to maintain the plural and unrestricted nature of writing .

Mr Palomar 's attempt to isolate the wave is a difficult and repeatedly unsuccessful one .
mr palomar 's [try] to isolate the wave is a difficult and repeatedly unsuccessful one .

But there is no interconnection between these moments : although there is a recognizable Mr Palomar throughout , operating in a recognizably similar environment from one piece to the next , there is no attempt to construct a coherent and consistent account from his scattered observations .
but there is no interconnection between these moments : although there is a recognizable mr palomar throughout , operating in a recognizably similar environment from one piece to the next , there is no [try] to construct a coherent and consistent account from his scattered observations .

It is perhaps because of an effort to buck the trend towards an insufferable and market-conscious cleverness that we are witnessing an attempt amongst more committed narrators to seek out a way of dealing directly with the emotions , without all the paraphernalia of intrigue and description that has accumulated over the past few years .
it is perhaps because of an effort to buck the trend towards an insufferable and market-conscious cleverness that we are witnessing an [try] amongst more committed narrators to seek out a way of dealing directly with the emotions , without all the paraphernalia of intrigue and description that has accumulated over the past few years .

The notion of pastiche is now a guiding thread in critical discourse , to the extent that Palandri 's novel can be put forward as ‘ a disturbing attempt to write a kitsch novel ’ ( De Michelis 1986a ) , and the argument be made — — referring to Piersanti 's Charles — that no novelist born in the 1950s can return to ‘ traditional narrative ’ without being aware that he/she is ‘ holding an old toy which might look fine in an antique shop , or might be an ornament or a collector 's item , but is no good for playing with any more ’ ; if they do use it ( but why should they if it is no use any more ? )
the notion of pastiche is now a guiding thread in critical discourse , to the extent that palandri 's novel can be put forward as ‘ a disturbing [try] to write a kitsch novel ’ ( de michelis 1986a ) , and the argument be made — — referring to piersanti 's charles — that no novelist born in the 1950s can return to ‘ traditional narrative ’ without being aware that he/she is ‘ holding an old toy which might look fine in an antique shop , or might be an ornament or a collector 's item , but is no good for playing with any more ’ ; if they do use it ( but why should they if it is no use any more ? )

The story may in fact be read as an allegory in which the detective 's attempt to solve a series of crimes by the use of logic represents man 's efforts to decipher the meaning of the universe , but he himself ends up as the final victim , undone by his misplaced confidence in his intellect and baffled by a confusing world that makes a mockery of his pretensions to explain it .
the story may in fact be read as an allegory in which the detective 's [try] to solve a series of crimes by the use of logic represents man 's efforts to decipher the meaning of the universe , but he himself ends up as the final victim , undone by his misplaced confidence in his intellect and baffled by a confusing world that makes a mockery of his pretensions to explain it .

Certainly one 's initial impression is of a building with a haphazard history , in which functions and spaces have been added and transformed , with little attempt to hide what went before .
certainly one 's initial impression is of a building with a haphazard history , in which functions and spaces have been added and transformed , with little [try] to hide what went before .

For Phil Wren , the concourse area was an attempt to embody ‘ the community of Fitch ideal ’ — and certainly provides a well-used social and eating space in restaurant-starved King 's Cross .
for phil wren , the concourse area was an [try] to embody ‘ the community of fitch ideal ’ — and certainly provides a well-used social and eating space in restaurant-starved king 's cross .

In an attempt to change the balance , Egypt embarked upon a war of attrition , on the assumption that Israel could tolerate casualties less than Egypt .
in an [try] to change the balance , egypt embarked upon a war of attrition , on the assumption that israel could tolerate casualties less than egypt .

This was an attempt to secure the reconvening of the Geneva Conference on terms mutually agreeable to the superpowers , both of which intended to expose their clients to some pressure , but not at the cost of a damaging political reverse .
this was an [try] to secure the reconvening of the geneva conference on terms mutually agreeable to the superpowers , both of which intended to expose their clients to some pressure , but not at the cost of a damaging political reverse .

These expressed hostility to Britain 's pre-eminent position , the demand for greater democracy in the country , and a widely held belief that the Hashemites had an understanding with Israel not to attempt to recapture any of Israeli Palestine but to punish severely any Palestinian who violated the Armistice Line .
these expressed hostility to britain 's pre-eminent position , the demand for greater democracy in the country , and a widely held belief that the hashemites had an understanding with israel not to [try] to recapture any of israeli palestine but to punish severely any palestinian who violated the armistice line .

His attempt to woo the West Bank has definitively failed .
his [try] to woo the west bank has definitively failed .

It also set up Village Leagues , an attempt to create a co-operative Palestinian structure in the less politically active villages of the West Bank .
it also set up village leagues , an [try] to create a co-operative palestinian structure in the less politically active villages of the west bank .

There was a brief attempt at a sit-down in front of the police lines , and a ragged snatch of ‘ We shall overcome ’ was sung .
there was a brief [try] at a sit-down in front of the police lines , and a ragged snatch of ‘ we shall overcome ’ was sung .

Here Tupac Amaru had been beheaded and his spiritual successor , the self-styled José Gabriel Tupac Amaru the Second , renegade leader of an attempt to restore the pride of the Incas , was himself executed in 1781 .
here tupac amaru had been beheaded and his spiritual successor , the self-styled josé gabriel tupac amaru the second , renegade leader of an [try] to restore the pride of the incas , was himself executed in 1781 .

Kalat ( 1977 ) , by contrast , makes an attempt to express the notion of learned non-correlation in more traditional , associative terms .
kalat ( 1977 ) , by contrast , makes an [try] to express the notion of learned non-correlation in more traditional , associative terms .

Kaye , Preston , Szabo , Druiff , and Mackintosh ( 1987 ) report an experiment which makes use of a contextual manipulation in an attempt to demonstrate that latent inhibition is not to be interpreted as a form of associative interference .
kaye , preston , szabo , druiff , and mackintosh ( 1987 ) report an experiment which makes use of a contextual manipulation in an [try] to demonstrate that latent inhibition is not to be interpreted as a form of associative interference .

It is now time to attempt to draw together not only the material presented in this chapter but also that considered in Chapter 3 .
it is now time to [try] to draw together not only the material presented in this chapter but also that considered in chapter 3 .

To endorse the suggestion that information acquired during pre-exposure interferes with the use of that acquired during conditioning requires an attempt to specify the nature of the information acquired in the first phase .
to endorse the suggestion that information acquired during pre-exposure interferes with the use of that acquired during conditioning requires an [try] to specify the nature of the information acquired in the first phase .

In an attempt to deal with this issue , Goss ( 1953 ) introduced a control procedure in which subjects were simply allowed to observe the stimuli ( in one case being instructed to attend to them , in another given no special instructions ) during the first phase of training .
in an [try] to deal with this issue , goss ( 1953 ) introduced a control procedure in which subjects were simply allowed to observe the stimuli ( in one case being instructed to attend to them , in another given no special instructions ) during the first phase of training .

This is not to suggest ( as some have ) that the attempt to oust Mrs Thatcher was initiated by the media .
this is not to suggest ( as some have ) that the [try] to oust mrs thatcher was initiated by the media .

It was published in October 1988 as an attempt to influence the Labour Party 's programme of modernisation .
it was published in october 1988 as an [try] to influence the labour party 's programme of modernisation .

The other is an attempt to trump ‘ bad ’ , non-conformist political education with ‘ good ’ , stabilising citizenship education .
the other is an [try] to trump ‘ bad ’ , non-conformist political education with ‘ good ’ , stabilising citizenship education .

We will again look at each set of local councils in turn and attempt to gauge the role of differences in poll tax levels in determining the electoral outcome .
we will again look at each set of local councils in turn and [try] to gauge the role of differences in poll tax levels in determining the electoral outcome .

In an attempt to show the House at work , many types of business have been covered , not just the big occasions when the House is full .
in an [try] to show the house at work , many types of business have been covered , not just the big occasions when the house is full .

The Committee concluded that the broadcasters could legitimately claim to have made a praiseworthy attempt to deliver the sort of programmes they had promised .
the committee concluded that the broadcasters could legitimately claim to have made a praiseworthy [try] to deliver the sort of programmes they had promised .

‘ What Hitler failed to do , Ashdown wants to do — bring Britain under the rule of the Germans and the French , ’ he yelled in an attempt to disrupt Mr Ashdown 's walkabout .
‘ what hitler failed to do , ashdown wants to do — bring britain under the rule of the germans and the french , ’ he yelled in an [try] to disrupt mr ashdown 's walkabout .

Rules and regulations are firmly in place , however , and it is thought to be extremely unlikely that Mrs Marcos would make any serious attempt to return the body .
rules and regulations are firmly in place , however , and it is thought to be extremely unlikely that mrs marcos would make any serious [try] to return the body .

Chris Law 's last-minute attempt to win a place in the British Olympic team briefly flickered to life yesterday when he won a Soling race in the French Olympic Classes Regatta at Hyeres , finishing in front of Lawrie Smith , writes David Pelly .
chris law 's last-minute [try] to win a place in the british olympic team briefly flickered to life yesterday when he won a soling race in the french olympic classes regatta at hyeres , finishing in front of lawrie smith , writes david pelly .

County rang the changes desperately , sending on Slawson for Lund in an attempt to pep up an attack in which Farina , the striker on loan from Bari , made a rather featureless full debut .
county rang the changes desperately , sending on slawson for lund in an [try] to pep up an attack in which farina , the striker on loan from bari , made a rather featureless full debut .

The race build up has been disrupted by the controversy over an attempt to impose a minimum time limit of 1hr 50min , because of road closures .
the race build up has been disrupted by the controversy over an [try] to impose a minimum time limit of 1hr 50min , because of road closures .

Any attempt to increase tolerance — however dotty or blush-making — should be respected .
any [try] to increase tolerance — however dotty or blush-making — should be respected .

But this is an interesting attempt .
but this is an interesting [try] .

They saw Cipollini , a winner five times this season , lead Abdoujaparov with 50 yards to go before veering across the road in a blatant attempt to block the approach of the Tashkent rider .
they saw cipollini , a winner five times this season , lead abdoujaparov with 50 yards to go before veering across the road in a blatant [try] to block the approach of the tashkent rider .

Their play lacked bite and they did not manage a shot at goal until Clough 's attempt in the 62nd minute .
their play lacked bite and they did not manage a shot at goal until clough 's [try] in the 62nd minute .

Alien in themselves , they represent a rather pathetic attempt to enliven city centres which are essentially lifeless .
alien in themselves , they represent a rather pathetic [try] to enliven city centres which are essentially lifeless .

Eventually he disappears , leaving Dora stranded alone , and the last two sections of the novel deal with her attempt to rediscover herself .
eventually he disappears , leaving dora stranded alone , and the last two sections of the novel deal with her [try] to rediscover herself .

, is still refusing to sell out and is rumoured to have been buying Gavel 's convertible shares in an attempt to block any capital reconstruction .
, is still refusing to sell out and is rumoured to have been buying gavel 's convertible shares in an [try] to block any capital reconstruction .

But they still hold substantial portfolios of international shares and the fear is that they could attempt to sell these , setting off a chain reaction in other financial markets .
but they still hold substantial portfolios of international shares and the fear is that they could [try] to sell these , setting off a chain reaction in other financial markets .

The central bankers have a vested interest in allowing their Japanese counterparts room for further interest rate cuts in Tokyo in an attempt to prevent further haemorrhaging on the Tokyo stock market which has hit stock prices in New York .
the central bankers have a vested interest in allowing their japanese counterparts room for further interest rate cuts in tokyo in an [try] to prevent further haemorrhaging on the tokyo stock market which has hit stock prices in new york .

London Marathon : Tolstikov 's prizes bring little comfort in a changing world Ken Mays talks to last year 's men 's winner from Siberia who is preparing on the coast for his double attempt
london marathon : tolstikov 's prizes bring little comfort in a changing world ken mays talks to last year 's men 's winner from siberia who is preparing on the coast for his double [try]

Only United Newspapers , which announced the closure last month , does not attempt to raise a smile .
only united newspapers , which announced the closure last month , does not [try] to raise a smile .

Immigration has so far played a relatively minor part in the election campaign , and Mr Baker 's decision to raise it now will be seen as a further attempt by the Tories to prevent their support slipping , particularly among skilled workers and their families .
immigration has so far played a relatively minor part in the election campaign , and mr baker 's decision to raise it now will be seen as a further [try] by the tories to prevent their support slipping , particularly among skilled workers and their families .

Mr Major led a concerted attempt to win back Liberal Democrat waverers by warning that proportional representation — a key Liberal Democrat demand for their support in a hung parliament — would lead to the ‘ nightmare of perpetually weak Government ’ .
mr major led a concerted [try] to win back liberal democrat waverers by warning that proportional representation — a key liberal democrat demand for their support in a hung parliament — would lead to the ‘ nightmare of perpetually weak government ’ .

The Rev Norman Shanks , its convenor , said yesterday : ‘ There is no attempt to embarrass the Government or tell people how to vote .
the rev norman shanks , its convenor , said yesterday : ‘ there is no [try] to embarrass the government or tell people how to vote .

They feel that if the Conservatives emerge as the largest minority party on April 9 and attempt to rule alone , the Liberal Democrats could make Labour ‘ sweat ’ by keeping the Tories going , even though this would mean effectively abandoning their clear commitment to electoral reform above all else .
they feel that if the conservatives emerge as the largest minority party on april 9 and [try] to rule alone , the liberal democrats could make labour ‘ sweat ’ by keeping the tories going , even though this would mean effectively abandoning their clear commitment to electoral reform above all else .

Only Britain and Holland supported Dublin 's attempt to alter the language on abortion .
only britain and holland supported dublin 's [try] to alter the language on abortion .

Bosnia 's embattled President Alija Izetbegovic has declared that the violence has been fomented by Serb militants and supported by Yugoslavian army hardliners in an attempt to destabilise the republic and thwart its international recognition .
bosnia 's embattled president alija izetbegovic has declared that the violence has been fomented by serb militants and supported by yugoslavian army hardliners in an [try] to destabilise the republic and thwart its international recognition .

Rival Serbian and Muslim gangs stood poised to repel any attempt to breach the fluid battle lines .
rival serbian and muslim gangs stood poised to repel any [try] to breach the fluid battle lines .

Serbia must also drop its claim of jurisdiction over Croatian airspace and rescind legislation tabled in violation of the peace plan , such as the Serbian parliament 's attempt to extend its rule over Krajina and other parts of occupied Croatia .
serbia must also drop its claim of jurisdiction over croatian airspace and rescind legislation tabled in violation of the peace plan , such as the serbian parliament 's [try] to extend its rule over krajina and other parts of occupied croatia .

And he has quite forgotten his past until , during a London visit to his erstwhile playmate , the 92-year-old ‘ Grandma Wendy ’ ( Maggie Smith ) , Hook ( Dustin Hoffman ) spirits Banning 's children away to Neverland in an attempt to lure his old adversary back .
and he has quite forgotten his past until , during a london visit to his erstwhile playmate , the 92-year-old ‘ grandma wendy ’ ( maggie smith ) , hook ( dustin hoffman ) spirits banning 's children away to neverland in an [try] to lure his old adversary back .

Spielberg 's last attempt at an adult theme was the nave , saccharine spirituality of Always ; and yet , paradoxically , his children 's Neverland lacks innocence .
spielberg 's last [try] at an adult theme was the nave , saccharine spirituality of always ; and yet , paradoxically , his children 's neverland lacks innocence .

Years spent ‘ buying groceries on my credit-card advance ’ instilled a determination to write a blockbuster rather than attempt anything as daunting as literature , and to stop at nothing in selling it .
years spent ‘ buying groceries on my credit-card advance ’ instilled a determination to write a blockbuster rather than [try] anything as daunting as literature , and to stop at nothing in selling it .

And he has quite forgotten his past until , during a London visit to his erstwhile playmate , the 92-year-old ‘ Grandma Wendy ’ ( Maggie Smith ) , Hook ( Dustin Hoffman ) spirits Banning 's children away to Neverland in an attempt to lure his old adversary back .
and he has quite forgotten his past until , during a london visit to his erstwhile playmate , the 92-year-old ‘ grandma wendy ’ ( maggie smith ) , hook ( dustin hoffman ) spirits banning 's children away to neverland in an [try] to lure his old adversary back .

Spielberg 's last attempt at an adult theme was the nave , saccharine spirituality of Always ; and yet , paradoxically , his children 's Neverland lacks innocence .
spielberg 's last [try] at an adult theme was the nave , saccharine spirituality of always ; and yet , paradoxically , his children 's neverland lacks innocence .

If there is an attempt at a forced entry , the Alarm and Lock bar flashes a bright light and sounds a loud alarm .
if there is an [try] at a forced entry , the alarm and lock bar flashes a bright light and sounds a loud alarm .

‘ Welcome Buffet ’ was a marketing attempt to jazz up the merchandising in the old Mk1 buffet cars , patently unsuited to the 1980s .
‘ welcome buffet ’ was a marketing [try] to jazz up the merchandising in the old mk1 buffet cars , patently unsuited to the 1980s .

Compare Dostoevsky 's attempt , frustrated by the good angel of his genius , to explain Raskolnikov 's motive for his crime .
compare dostoevsky 's [try] , frustrated by the good angel of his genius , to explain raskolnikov 's motive for his crime .

Dostoevsky 's own attempt to suggest how he disposes his reader in relation to these events goes as follows : ‘ Narration by the author , a sort of invisible but omniscient being who nevertheless does n't leave him [ meaning ‘ his hero ' $ for a moment … ’ So , after appearing to settle for third-person narrative , he doubles back on himself and leaves us to make what we can of an omniscient author who is bound hand and foot to a far from omniscient protagonist .
dostoevsky 's own [try] to suggest how he disposes his reader in relation to these events goes as follows : ‘ narration by the author , a sort of invisible but omniscient being who nevertheless does n't leave him [ meaning ‘ his hero ' $ for a moment … ’ so , after appearing to settle for third-person narrative , he doubles back on himself and leaves us to make what we can of an omniscient author who is bound hand and foot to a far from omniscient protagonist .

He gropes mentally , ‘ straining every nerve in an agonised attempt to divine as quickly as Possible where the trap lay ’ .
he gropes mentally , ‘ straining every nerve in an agonised [try] to divine as quickly as possible where the trap lay ’ .

Therefore it becomes possible at last to read and evaluate what was earnestly planned , executed , fought for , tinkered with in a vain attempt to propitiate Katkov ( but also , as we shall see , for another reason ) , and finally surrendered .
therefore it becomes possible at last to read and evaluate what was earnestly planned , executed , fought for , tinkered with in a vain [try] to propitiate katkov ( but also , as we shall see , for another reason ) , and finally surrendered .

And at the end , after twelve cancelled variants in one short paragraph , a single sentence , itself the third attempt , tells us ‘ They would not let the orchestra go , and musicians who attempted to leave were beaten up ’ , which says all we need to know about the unstated ‘ Keep playing !
and at the end , after twelve cancelled variants in one short paragraph , a single sentence , itself the third [try] , tells us ‘ they would not let the orchestra go , and musicians who attempted to leave were beaten up ’ , which says all we need to know about the unstated ‘ keep playing !

Mr Golyadkin 's response to the elopement letter was a two-in-one attempt to assume a chivalric role and reach a lovers ' destination .
mr golyadkin 's response to the elopement letter was a two-in-one [try] to assume a chivalric role and reach a lovers ' destination .

Yet , if he refuses , or if he fails in any attempt , the banks could , in theory , take over the company which is in default of several loan agreements .
yet , if he refuses , or if he fails in any [try] , the banks could , in theory , take over the company which is in default of several loan agreements .

Deliberately to introduce an amendment dealing with abortion law reform into a Bill dealing with embryos is a blatant attempt to cause confusion .
deliberately to introduce an amendment dealing with abortion law reform into a bill dealing with embryos is a blatant [try] to cause confusion .

This survey is an attempt to capture much more detailed and precise data .
this survey is an [try] to capture much more detailed and precise data .

Age Concern would welcome an attempt to introduce a single unified system and favours an element of formality and monitoring with a local and ‘ user-friendly ’ face .
age concern would welcome an [try] to introduce a single unified system and favours an element of formality and monitoring with a local and ‘ user-friendly ’ face .

The owners are not seeing guilty behaviour when Rover slinks across the floor , they are seeing the submissive behaviour Rover displays in anticipation of the aggression , however mild , the owners are about to use in attempt to reprimand him .
the owners are not seeing guilty behaviour when rover slinks across the floor , they are seeing the submissive behaviour rover displays in anticipation of the aggression , however mild , the owners are about to use in [try] to reprimand him .

The annual Nick Estcourt Award of £1000 , granted to small expeditions in pursuit of challenging mountain objectives , goes this year to the British Makrong Chhish expedition which will attempt the first ascent of the mountain .
the annual nick estcourt award of £1000 , granted to small expeditions in pursuit of challenging mountain objectives , goes this year to the british makrong chhish expedition which will [try] the first ascent of the mountain .

In an attempt at gaiety before the national day , fairy lights were strung on trees where political banners and cartoons lampooning the leaders once hung .
in an [try] at gaiety before the national day , fairy lights were strung on trees where political banners and cartoons lampooning the leaders once hung .

But the main thrust of Olson 's argument is unaffected , and it ca n't be set aside : this great American poet ( and Olson knows that Pound is all of that ) was a Fascist , profoundly , and no amount of talk about his affinities with Whitman will save him for democracy , nor will any attempt to treat his anti-Semitism as an unrelated pathological aberration .
but the main thrust of olson 's argument is unaffected , and it ca n't be set aside : this great american poet ( and olson knows that pound is all of that ) was a fascist , profoundly , and no amount of talk about his affinities with whitman will save him for democracy , nor will any [try] to treat his anti-semitism as an unrelated pathological aberration .

We have in English a certain gamut of styles : we have the good Chaucerian ; almost the only style in English where ‘ softness ’ is tolerable ; we have the good Elizabethan ; … and the bad , or muzzy , Elizabethan ; and the Miltonic , which is a bombastic and rhetorical Elizabethan coming from an attempt to write English with Latin syntax .
we have in english a certain gamut of styles : we have the good chaucerian ; almost the only style in english where ‘ softness ’ is tolerable ; we have the good elizabethan ; … and the bad , or muzzy , elizabethan ; and the miltonic , which is a bombastic and rhetorical elizabethan coming from an [try] to write english with latin syntax .

In Nunn 's way of orchestrating the scene , however , the forced merriment comes across like the willed time-killing in Three Sisters , less the whiling away of a few specific minutes than the attempt to shake off a pervasive ennui .
in nunn 's way of orchestrating the scene , however , the forced merriment comes across like the willed time-killing in three sisters , less the whiling away of a few specific minutes than the [try] to shake off a pervasive ennui .

Nearly two generations have passed since Hollywood introduced the larger format ( incidentally not 16:9 ) in an attempt to halt the then falling box office revenues .
nearly two generations have passed since hollywood introduced the larger format ( incidentally not 16:9 ) in an [try] to halt the then falling box office revenues .

First attempt to link the opposite shores of a considerable stretch of water was the link between Dover and Cap Griz Nez in 1850 .
first [try] to link the opposite shores of a considerable stretch of water was the link between dover and cap griz nez in 1850 .

The Great Eastern was again chosen as the laying vessel , work beginning in July 1865 , and the attempt got within 966km of the Newfoundland coast before the cable sheared again .
the great eastern was again chosen as the laying vessel , work beginning in july 1865 , and the [try] got within 966km of the newfoundland coast before the cable sheared again .

Another attempt was made in the following year between July 13 and 27 and was completely successful .
another [try] was made in the following year between july 13 and 27 and was completely successful .

Second attempt to lay an Atlantic cable also failed due to the cable stretching during the operation
second [try] to lay an atlantic cable also failed due to the cable stretching during the operation

The society move was immediately condemned yesterday by the British Pregnancy Advisory Service as ‘ an attempt to hijack government legislation ’ .
the society move was immediately condemned yesterday by the british pregnancy advisory service as ‘ an [try] to hijack government legislation ’ .

This is another attempt to waste parliamentary time — already 280 hours has been wasted in this way in the past two decades .
this is another [try] to waste parliamentary time — already 280 hours has been wasted in this way in the past two decades .

This afternoon , at Sadler 's Wells theatre , he begins his attempt to progress to the final of the world chess championship candidates matches .
this afternoon , at sadler 's wells theatre , he begins his [try] to progress to the final of the world chess championship candidates matches .

His union will spend £1.5m over the next two years in an attempt to increase individual membership .
his union will spend £1.5m over the next two years in an [try] to increase individual membership .

Tony Benn , Ken Livingstone and Dennis Skinner , Labour chairman , joined in an attempt to rally opposition to the review at a pre-conference fringe meeting .
tony benn , ken livingstone and dennis skinner , labour chairman , joined in an [try] to rally opposition to the review at a pre-conference fringe meeting .

At the behest of Marcos ' family , Vice-president Salvador Laurel , Mrs Aquino 's estranged deputy and now head of an opposition party , and a group of ‘ loyalists ’ will today attempt to reverse an earlier Supreme Court ruling to uphold Mrs Aquino 's decision to prohibit Marcos ' return .
at the behest of marcos ' family , vice-president salvador laurel , mrs aquino 's estranged deputy and now head of an opposition party , and a group of ‘ loyalists ’ will today [try] to reverse an earlier supreme court ruling to uphold mrs aquino 's decision to prohibit marcos ' return .

Walter Swinburn finds it hard to believe Zilzal will ever be beaten and the son of Nureyev will attempt to extend his sequence to six out of six in next month 's Breeders ' Cup Mile in Florida .
walter swinburn finds it hard to believe zilzal will ever be beaten and the son of nureyev will [try] to extend his sequence to six out of six in next month 's breeders ' cup mile in florida .

On balance , Williams probably gained more than he lost from his attempt to bring — and keep — together the separate traditions of Marxism and British cultural criticism , though as Parrinder has shown in a sensitive discussion of Williams , he made needless difficulties for himself by abandoning the concept of literature .
on balance , williams probably gained more than he lost from his [try] to bring — and keep — together the separate traditions of marxism and british cultural criticism , though as parrinder has shown in a sensitive discussion of williams , he made needless difficulties for himself by abandoning the concept of literature .

The obscurity is not incidental , a product of carelessness or incompetence in writing , but a deliberate attempt to enact the wayward processes of the unconscious .
the obscurity is not incidental , a product of carelessness or incompetence in writing , but a deliberate [try] to enact the wayward processes of the unconscious .

a rigorous attempt to Think the limits of that principle of reason which has shaped the emergence of Western philosophy , science and technology at large … the activity of deconstruction is strictly inconceivable outside the tradition of enlightened rational critique whose classic formulations are still to be found in Kant ( Norris 's italics ) .
a rigorous [try] to think the limits of that principle of reason which has shaped the emergence of western philosophy , science and technology at large … the activity of deconstruction is strictly inconceivable outside the tradition of enlightened rational critique whose classic formulations are still to be found in kant ( norris 's italics ) .

The attempt to enforce an evaluative criticism in the academy inevitably results in rigidity and dogmatism and , ultimately , a form of brainwashing .
the [try] to enforce an evaluative criticism in the academy inevitably results in rigidity and dogmatism and , ultimately , a form of brainwashing .

The attempt to remedy this deficiency and achieve a true professionalism may be one reason for the rapid growth of literary theory in the anglophone academy .
the [try] to remedy this deficiency and achieve a true professionalism may be one reason for the rapid growth of literary theory in the anglophone academy .

Many businessmen fear that , while Peking may stick to its open door and reform policy in name , officials responsible for implementing it in the southern provinces may lose their jobs as hardliners attempt to tighten their political grip .
many businessmen fear that , while peking may stick to its open door and reform policy in name , officials responsible for implementing it in the southern provinces may lose their jobs as hardliners [try] to tighten their political grip .

The most we can get is convincing parallelisms between the two and the fact that some parallelisms are much more difficult than others and have hitherto not been attempted is no reason for denying that a choreographic genius like Massine has the right to attempt this .
the most we can get is convincing parallelisms between the two and the fact that some parallelisms are much more difficult than others and have hitherto not been attempted is no reason for denying that a choreographic genius like massine has the right to [try] this .

Because of the present-day search for virtuosity many dancers can attempt such roles after they have mastered its technique .
because of the present-day search for virtuosity many dancers can [try] such roles after they have mastered its technique .

It may even present a comic , frivolous or bawdy joke to arouse laughter or attempt to reveal the workings of a composer 's mind .
it may even present a comic , frivolous or bawdy joke to arouse laughter or [try] to reveal the workings of a composer 's mind .

But such a situation should not be allowed to occur because any casualness in the ballerina 's behaviour destroys any attempt to convey style in the classical manner .
but such a situation should not be allowed to occur because any casualness in the ballerina 's behaviour destroys any [try] to convey style in the classical manner .

if choreographers wish to make their design more interesting they should attempt to give each step and pose some distinctive quality or unusual place in the design , which may or may not break the old conventions .
if choreographers wish to make their design more interesting they should [try] to give each step and pose some distinctive quality or unusual place in the design , which may or may not break the old conventions .

Now that the teaching of pirouettes has become more scientific , dancers can attempt turning with the working leg held at many different angles , even changing the pose as they spin .
now that the teaching of pirouettes has become more scientific , dancers can [try] turning with the working leg held at many different angles , even changing the pose as they spin .

It is this opening up and exposure of traditional dance that is so important when choreographers attempt to give a realistic atmosphere to the style and expression of their work .
it is this opening up and exposure of traditional dance that is so important when choreographers [try] to give a realistic atmosphere to the style and expression of their work .

As yet there has been no other attempt to describe so vividly in dance the wish of any character , but in this case a puppet , to escape from prison .
as yet there has been no other [try] to describe so vividly in dance the wish of any character , but in this case a puppet , to escape from prison .

The audience recognise physical movement for itself alone whereas those who theorise and attempt to define what they mean by such terms as post or neo-modern , contemporary , avant-garde , etc .
the audience recognise physical movement for itself alone whereas those who theorise and [try] to define what they mean by such terms as post or neo-modern , contemporary , avant-garde , etc .

The marketing drive is their latest attempt to commercialise space and earn hard currency , Until now any deals have been largely through the Soviet Space Agency , Glvacosmos .
the marketing drive is their latest [try] to commercialise space and earn hard currency , until now any deals have been largely through the soviet space agency , glvacosmos .

We will attempt to meet a substantial part of our energy needs from benign , renewable sources of energy .
we will [try] to meet a substantial part of our energy needs from benign , renewable sources of energy .

In 1978 , in an attempt to wipe the slate clean , Pinochet declared an amnesty to cover all human rights abuses since the coup .
in 1978 , in an [try] to wipe the slate clean , pinochet declared an amnesty to cover all human rights abuses since the coup .

Christie arrived back from warm-weather training on Thursday , but confirmed yesterday through his coach , Ron Roddan , that he would be flying north to attempt a sprint double , even though the 200 metres is scheduled for today and the 60 metres tomorrow .
christie arrived back from warm-weather training on thursday , but confirmed yesterday through his coach , ron roddan , that he would be flying north to [try] a sprint double , even though the 200 metres is scheduled for today and the 60 metres tomorrow .

The three crews , all named after former Grand National winners , made their first attempt at the unsocial hour of eight in the morning .
the three crews , all named after former grand national winners , made their first [try] at the unsocial hour of eight in the morning .

There is a feeling that if the wording were changed to ‘ seeking to interfere with play ’ it would spare the player who is in an offside position but making a genuine attempt to stay onside by , for example , running back towards the halfway line .
there is a feeling that if the wording were changed to ‘ seeking to interfere with play ’ it would spare the player who is in an offside position but making a genuine [try] to stay onside by , for example , running back towards the halfway line .

Research is now being intensified at Dundee University , which has the world 's leading expertise on the subject , in an attempt to understand what makes the algae release the potentially fatal toxins .
research is now being intensified at dundee university , which has the world 's leading expertise on the subject , in an [try] to understand what makes the algae release the potentially fatal toxins .

It is said to have made no provision for the protection of sea lochs , to operate without an overall development plan , and to have made little attempt to monitor the farms it has approved .
it is said to have made no provision for the protection of sea lochs , to operate without an overall development plan , and to have made little [try] to monitor the farms it has approved .

Deputies from the Baltic republics , some of which have passed laws denounced by Moscow 's Supreme Soviet as unconstitutional , saw this as an attempt to limit their sovereignty .
deputies from the baltic republics , some of which have passed laws denounced by moscow 's supreme soviet as unconstitutional , saw this as an [try] to limit their sovereignty .

Last month the European Socialist group , the largest in the European Parliament , threatened to sack the entire commission because the charter had been watered down in a vain attempt to secure Mrs Thatcher 's backing for it at the Strasbourg summit .
last month the european socialist group , the largest in the european parliament , threatened to sack the entire commission because the charter had been watered down in a vain [try] to secure mrs thatcher 's backing for it at the strasbourg summit .

Stanley Kalms , the Dixons chief whose own bid for what was then called Woolworths was repulsed three years ago , said the offer document did not disguise an attempt to acquire his company on the cheap .
stanley kalms , the dixons chief whose own bid for what was then called woolworths was repulsed three years ago , said the offer document did not disguise an [try] to acquire his company on the cheap .

Even now , although the latest rebellion has been contained , military leaders say another coup attempt is possible .
even now , although the latest rebellion has been contained , military leaders say another coup [try] is possible .

The latest attempt is timed with growing popular dissaffection with the government 's inability to provide basic services and curb corruption and rising prices .
the latest [try] is timed with growing popular dissaffection with the government 's inability to provide basic services and curb corruption and rising prices .

In the aftermath of every previous coup attempt , Mrs Aquino gave the army more concessions , including a reprieve on investigations into their abuses of human rights , a tougher anti-Communist policy , a purge of left-leaning cabinet secretaries and higher pay .
in the aftermath of every previous coup [try] , mrs aquino gave the army more concessions , including a reprieve on investigations into their abuses of human rights , a tougher anti-communist policy , a purge of left-leaning cabinet secretaries and higher pay .

Smarting from the coup attempt , in which her official residence was bombed from the air and the capital 's financial heart seized for five days , Mrs Aquino came swinging back yesterday .
smarting from the coup [try] , in which her official residence was bombed from the air and the capital 's financial heart seized for five days , mrs aquino came swinging back yesterday .

The crowd roared as Mrs Aquino said her former Defence Secretary , Senator Juan Ponce Enrile , should be investigated for complicity in the coup attempt .
the crowd roared as mrs aquino said her former defence secretary , senator juan ponce enrile , should be investigated for complicity in the coup [try] .

An attempt by Mr Cristiani to put the Sandinistas in the dock at San Jose is likely to prompt Mr Ortega to raise the human-rights record of the Salvadorean Government , especially the murder on November 16 of six Jesuit priests , probably by a renegade army unit .
an [try] by mr cristiani to put the sandinistas in the dock at san jose is likely to prompt mr ortega to raise the human-rights record of the salvadorean government , especially the murder on november 16 of six jesuit priests , probably by a renegade army unit .

His attempt to win southern gaucho voters by playing up family links there backfired when he got his regional expressions muddled up .
his [try] to win southern gaucho voters by playing up family links there backfired when he got his regional expressions muddled up .

Gorbachev says party must not oppose change John Rettie reports from Moscow on Gorbachev 's attempt to retain the power of the Communists .
gorbachev says party must not oppose change john rettie reports from moscow on gorbachev 's [try] to retain the power of the communists .

But at a meeting of the party 's central committee on Saturday , Mr Gorbachev hotly opposed ‘ any attempt to diminish the importance of the party , or undermine its authority . ’
but at a meeting of the party 's central committee on saturday , mr gorbachev hotly opposed ‘ any [try] to diminish the importance of the party , or undermine its authority . ’

Dr Gysi made his attempt at power before 2,700 demoralised party delegates at this weekend 's emergency congress as if delivering an impassioned plea in court , throwing up his arms and heaving his shoulders as he made a point .
dr gysi made his [try] at power before 2,700 demoralised party delegates at this weekend 's emergency congress as if delivering an impassioned plea in court , throwing up his arms and heaving his shoulders as he made a point .

China 's Foreign Ministry spokesman , Mr Jin Guihua , said the peace prize served only to encourage Tibetan separatists in their attempt to undermine the unity of the Chinese nation .
china 's foreign ministry spokesman , mr jin guihua , said the peace prize served only to encourage tibetan separatists in their [try] to undermine the unity of the chinese nation .

‘ We have to make sure that justice is done , that those who are guilty will be meted out the full penalty , ’ she told reporters after attending a funeral service for a pilot who died wiping out the rebels ' air support in last week 's attempt to overthrow her .
‘ we have to make sure that justice is done , that those who are guilty will be meted out the full penalty , ’ she told reporters after attending a funeral service for a pilot who died wiping out the rebels ' air support in last week 's [try] to overthrow her .

An armed forces spokesman , Mr Oscar Florendo , said about 1,800 rebel officers and men had surrendered since the six-day coup attempt was snuffed out in Manila last Thursday .
an armed forces spokesman , mr oscar florendo , said about 1,800 rebel officers and men had surrendered since the six-day coup [try] was snuffed out in manila last thursday .

It also put pressure on Mr Sherwood to call the company 's long-delayed annual meeting to consider the bid by saying it would demand an extraordinary meeting in an attempt to vote in a new board of directors .
it also put pressure on mr sherwood to call the company 's long-delayed annual meeting to consider the bid by saying it would demand an extraordinary meeting in an [try] to vote in a new board of directors .

Much to their credit in launching a spirited assault on the Neath lead , Bridgend did attempt to spread the ball wide .
much to their credit in launching a spirited assault on the neath lead , bridgend did [try] to spread the ball wide .

The conference , Earth Mission 2000 , reflects a shift in emphasis in Russian space policy back to Earth ; and the deal with the British company Sigma Products is the latest attempt to capitalise on their space programme — the world 's biggest .
the conference , earth mission 2000 , reflects a shift in emphasis in russian space policy back to earth ; and the deal with the british company sigma products is the latest [try] to capitalise on their space programme — the world 's biggest .

But its better way , whereby once bidders pass a quality threshold franchises are awarded to the highest bid , has been almost universally condemned for putting money before quality of service , and as a ludicrous attempt to avoid exercising judgment over a vital decision .
but its better way , whereby once bidders pass a quality threshold franchises are awarded to the highest bid , has been almost universally condemned for putting money before quality of service , and as a ludicrous [try] to avoid exercising judgment over a vital decision .

The Norfolk board meets today and Mr Eyles is confident it will reject what he terms , Mr Tyrie 's ‘ preposterous attempt at personal aggrandisement . ’
the norfolk board meets today and mr eyles is confident it will reject what he terms , mr tyrie 's ‘ preposterous [try] at personal aggrandisement . ’

In 1909 an abortive attempt was made , by the present owner 's grandfather , to produce hydroelectric power .
in 1909 an abortive [try] was made , by the present owner 's grandfather , to produce hydroelectric power .

1865 saw a short but abortive attempt to run the two mills independently but , by the end of the decade , they were once again together .
1865 saw a short but abortive [try] to run the two mills independently but , by the end of the decade , they were once again together .

‘ Try and keep your peckers up ! ’ Tom said in an attempt to be cheerful .
‘ try and keep your peckers up ! ’ tom said in an [try] to be cheerful .

Schools have to attempt to satisfy the conflicting demands of a whole range of individuals and groups .
schools have to [try] to satisfy the conflicting demands of a whole range of individuals and groups .

It is possible to attempt to justify poor practice by claiming that it 's response to parents wishes : silent classrooms brought about by severe discipline , numerous paper exercises completed to provide evidence of industry and antiquated forms of behaviour paraded as good manners are just some examples .
it is possible to [try] to justify poor practice by claiming that it 's response to parents wishes : silent classrooms brought about by severe discipline , numerous paper exercises completed to provide evidence of industry and antiquated forms of behaviour paraded as good manners are just some examples .

Tomlinson ( 1984 ) showed that Caribbean parents wanted schools to focus on basic skills , discipline and equal opportunities in examinations and that Muslim parents felt that schools did n't attempt to recognise their cultural and religious values .
tomlinson ( 1984 ) showed that caribbean parents wanted schools to focus on basic skills , discipline and equal opportunities in examinations and that muslim parents felt that schools did n't [try] to recognise their cultural and religious values .

Decisions will need to be made about the criteria for display . Will it just be the material produced by the neatest and cleverest or will an attempt be made to ensure that in turn every child will have a piece of work exhibited ?
decisions will need to be made about the criteria for display . will it just be the material produced by the neatest and cleverest or will an [try] be made to ensure that in turn every child will have a piece of work exhibited ?

There are potential pitfalls , the association may become dominated by an unrepresentative majority that could attempt to bring undue pressure on school policies .
there are potential pitfalls , the association may become dominated by an unrepresentative majority that could [try] to bring undue pressure on school policies .

It does seem fair to contact the child 's existing school before any decision is made so that the school can make some attempt to reconcile differences with the parent and also to avoid the accusation of pupil poaching .
it does seem fair to contact the child 's existing school before any decision is made so that the school can make some [try] to reconcile differences with the parent and also to avoid the accusation of pupil poaching .

Manor Park Comprehensive School , Nuneaton showed enterprise in a different direction in their attempt to attract pupils . Their booklet directed at parents of prospective pupils said ;
manor park comprehensive school , nuneaton showed enterprise in a different direction in their [try] to attract pupils . their booklet directed at parents of prospective pupils said ;

The attempt was doomed to failure as the brothers were vastly outnumbered .
the [try] was doomed to failure as the brothers were vastly outnumbered .

Then there was an attempt to exorcise poor Amy 's unquiet spirit .
then there was an [try] to exorcise poor amy 's unquiet spirit .

The first attempt to drive up the cost of travelling by road brought down the government .
the first [try] to drive up the cost of travelling by road brought down the government .

They were moved to attempt such a weighing feat by the observation that odorous molecules are generally more soluble in organic solvents , such as fats and oils , than in water ( Bulletin of the Chemical Society of Japan , vol 63 , p 3082 ) .
they were moved to [try] such a weighing feat by the observation that odorous molecules are generally more soluble in organic solvents , such as fats and oils , than in water ( bulletin of the chemical society of japan , vol 63 , p 3082 ) .

Como soon discovered that it was in the nature of winners to enjoy their winnings , as Barbarossa stayed in the north in an attempt to subjugate all the city states .
como soon discovered that it was in the nature of winners to enjoy their winnings , as barbarossa stayed in the north in an [try] to subjugate all the city states .

Mussolini had some ominously persuasive sayings — ‘ who has steel has bread ’ was one of the most popular — but failed miserably at his first attempt to gain legal power in 1920 .
mussolini had some ominously persuasive sayings — ‘ who has steel has bread ’ was one of the most popular — but failed miserably at his first [try] to gain legal power in 1920 .

No attempt has been made to choose worthwhile bars that can be visited for a coffee break en route .
no [try] has been made to choose worthwhile bars that can be visited for a coffee break en route .

One artist , in an attempt to fight the system , painted a benefactor on horseback , claiming double payment — one for the man , one for the horse .
one artist , in an [try] to fight the system , painted a benefactor on horseback , claiming double payment — one for the man , one for the horse .

It was closed in 1782 , after which there was an attempt to convert it into a Pantheon for the new Italy .
it was closed in 1782 , after which there was an [try] to convert it into a pantheon for the new italy .

This attempt failed and the Rotonda served time as a hospital for contagious diseases and as the Milan hospitals ' laundry before becoming a permanent centre for exhibitions .
this [try] failed and the rotonda served time as a hospital for contagious diseases and as the milan hospitals ' laundry before becoming a permanent centre for exhibitions .

On another occasion he described how he had ‘ once spent several hours on a bicycle with a friend in a serious attempt to discover the real spot but the search ended in failure though tourists assure me positively that they found it without difficulty ’ .
on another occasion he described how he had ‘ once spent several hours on a bicycle with a friend in a serious [try] to discover the real spot but the search ended in failure though tourists assure me positively that they found it without difficulty ’ .

‘ The whole effect ( of the film ) was destructively negative , and there was no attempt to spell out constructively ways in which services for the mentally handicapped might be improved .
‘ the whole effect ( of the film ) was destructively negative , and there was no [try] to spell out constructively ways in which services for the mentally handicapped might be improved .

Kegan came back to his desk and sat down again , looking across at Briant with an attempt to appear as calmly reasonable as he did .
kegan came back to his desk and sat down again , looking across at briant with an [try] to appear as calmly reasonable as he did .

We say that Dr. George Briant has been misguided in his attempt to delve into the mystery of human existence in the way he has .
we say that dr. george briant has been misguided in his [try] to delve into the mystery of human existence in the way he has .

’ Now several people in the audience were on their feet and waving in an attempt to attract the attention of Gerrard , who left the dais and walked up the narrow central aisle , holding a hand microphone high in the air .
’ now several people in the audience were on their feet and waving in an [try] to attract the attention of gerrard , who left the dais and walked up the narrow central aisle , holding a hand microphone high in the air .

Although many of the official reports point to a need for a school to have a clear view , which they should communicate to pupils and parents , of what is acceptable and unacceptable behaviour , they do not attempt to define these concepts .
although many of the official reports point to a need for a school to have a clear view , which they should communicate to pupils and parents , of what is acceptable and unacceptable behaviour , they do not [try] to define these concepts .

Another attempt by a Gehlen agent called Christopher Komarek to lay a similar cable across the Jungfern Lake also ended in failure .
another [try] by a gehlen agent called christopher komarek to lay a similar cable across the jungfern lake also ended in failure .

Freemantle 's efforts toward a subscription were coupled with an attempt to have Leapor 's play produced .
freemantle 's efforts toward a subscription were coupled with an [try] to have leapor 's play produced .

More successful was the attempt to get Leapor into print .
more successful was the [try] to get leapor into print .

There were several problems associated with the attempt to publish another volume , not least the lack of material .
there were several problems associated with the [try] to publish another volume , not least the lack of material .

This unusual composition has no striking literary merit , yet has real importance as an attempt to assert the value of women writers .
this unusual composition has no striking literary merit , yet has real importance as an [try] to assert the value of women writers .

First , Landry 's argument is decidedly teleological , and she makes no secret of her attempt to understand Leapor against the backdrop of recent feminist discourse :
first , landry 's argument is decidedly teleological , and she makes no secret of her [try] to understand leapor against the backdrop of recent feminist discourse :

The same attempt to represent fathers in Leapor 's writing purely as tyrants , can likewise be seen in her interpretation of ‘ The Unhappy Father ’ which will be discussed below .
the same [try] to represent fathers in leapor 's writing purely as tyrants , can likewise be seen in her interpretation of ‘ the unhappy father ’ which will be discussed below .

Only from the mood of his paintings and from the cryptic jottings on his work , mottoes , inscriptions , aphorisms , quotations from Dante and other poets written in French , Italian or Latin , can one attempt to decipher his state of mind .
only from the mood of his paintings and from the cryptic jottings on his work , mottoes , inscriptions , aphorisms , quotations from dante and other poets written in french , italian or latin , can one [try] to decipher his state of mind .

It seems that Louis-Napoleon , through a combination of misinformation and wishful thinking , overestimated the strength of Bonapartist feeling in France and foolishly decided to attempt the overthrow of the government of Louis-Philippe by means of a coup d'état .
it seems that louis-napoleon , through a combination of misinformation and wishful thinking , overestimated the strength of bonapartist feeling in france and foolishly decided to [try] the overthrow of the government of louis-philippe by means of a coup d'état .

The decision to use Strasbourg as a point of departure for this attempt was based upon a calculation that the strong army garrison in the frontier city would respond to the name of Napoleon , but in fact the whole affair was a disaster and ended in ridicule with the Prince 's arrest .
the decision to use strasbourg as a point of departure for this [try] was based upon a calculation that the strong army garrison in the frontier city would respond to the name of napoleon , but in fact the whole affair was a disaster and ended in ridicule with the prince 's arrest .

Encouraged by its success and well informed by his agents in France of the increasing unpopularity of the July Monarchy , the Prince decided in the summer of 1840 on a second attempt to seize his inheritance .
encouraged by its success and well informed by his agents in france of the increasing unpopularity of the july monarchy , the prince decided in the summer of 1840 on a second [try] to seize his inheritance .

This time the expedition was sea-borne , setting out from Gravesend on a paddle-steamer hired for the occasion , but the landing at Boulogne was no more successful in rousing public support than the previous attempt at Strasbourg and by the evening of 6 August Louis-Napoleon was once again under arrest .
this time the expedition was sea-borne , setting out from gravesend on a paddle-steamer hired for the occasion , but the landing at boulogne was no more successful in rousing public support than the previous [try] at strasbourg and by the evening of 6 august louis-napoleon was once again under arrest .

Since all the members of the family made no attempt to hide their feelings of antipathy , Mathilde 's behaviour was in itself not particularly remarked on by those who packed the huge interior of Notre Dame :
since all the members of the family made no [try] to hide their feelings of antipathy , mathilde 's behaviour was in itself not particularly remarked on by those who packed the huge interior of notre dame :

In an attempt to keep the line of the proposed new streets a secret , only two copies of the map delineating the routes existed , one in the Emperor 's study at the Tuileries and the other kept by Haussmann .
in an [try] to keep the line of the proposed new streets a secret , only two copies of the map delineating the routes existed , one in the emperor 's study at the tuileries and the other kept by haussmann .

If he had not so perceived it , the Tsar lost no time in pointing it out , for on each subsequent occasion when an attempt was made by Paris to draw closer to St Petersburg the Russians raised the question of the Black Sea Clauses .
if he had not so perceived it , the tsar lost no time in pointing it out , for on each subsequent occasion when an [try] was made by paris to draw closer to st petersburg the russians raised the question of the black sea clauses .

Well aware of the danger of losing British goodwill , the Emperor had instructed the Empress , who was acting as Regent during his absence at the head of the French Army , to write to Queen Victoria in an attempt to mollify her alarm and , if possible , to enlist her support for his policies .
well aware of the danger of losing british goodwill , the emperor had instructed the empress , who was acting as regent during his absence at the head of the french army , to write to queen victoria in an [try] to mollify her alarm and , if possible , to enlist her support for his policies .

If the gathering of sovereigns in Paris represented an attempt to revive a policy of ‘ business between sovereigns ’ , it failed .
if the gathering of sovereigns in paris represented an [try] to revive a policy of ‘ business between sovereigns ’ , it failed .

Next the Emperor made an attempt to push for the accession of Isabella 's son Alfonso , Prince of the Asturias .
next the emperor made an [try] to push for the accession of isabella 's son alfonso , prince of the asturias .

’ He further intimated that one could never be certain what sort of action a feeble government might take in an attempt to solve its problems .
’ he further intimated that one could never be certain what sort of action a feeble government might take in an [try] to solve its problems .

Even finding food was difficult , as Filon , the Empress 's secretary , discovered when he went to find some soup for her in an attempt to make her eat after nearly 36 hours with virtually nothing :
even finding food was difficult , as filon , the empress 's secretary , discovered when he went to find some soup for her in an [try] to make her eat after nearly 36 hours with virtually nothing :

In responding to children 's writing , teachers are well able to distinguish between an embryonic attempt at a story and a more developed example ; indeed , there is substantial research available on the stages of story-writing through which young writers progress .
in responding to children 's writing , teachers are well able to distinguish between an embryonic [try] at a story and a more developed example ; indeed , there is substantial research available on the stages of story-writing through which young writers progress .

17.33 With regard to spelling , the aim should be that by the end of compulsory schooling pupils should be able to spell confidently most of the words they are likely to need to use frequently in their writing ; to recognise those aspects of English spelling that are systematic ; to make a sensible attempt to spell words that they have not seen before ; to check their work for misspellings and to use a dictionary appropriately .
17.33 with regard to spelling , the aim should be that by the end of compulsory schooling pupils should be able to spell confidently most of the words they are likely to need to use frequently in their writing ; to recognise those aspects of english spelling that are systematic ; to make a sensible [try] to spell words that they have not seen before ; to check their work for misspellings and to use a dictionary appropriately .

Produce pieces of writing in which there is a rudimentary attempt to present simple subject matter in a structured way , eg by means of a title and paragraphs or verses ; in which sentence punctuation ( capital letters , full stops , question marks and exclamation marks ) is generally accurately used ; and in which there is some evidence of an ability to set out and punctuate any direct speech in a way that makes meaning clear to the reader .
produce pieces of writing in which there is a rudimentary [try] to present simple subject matter in a structured way , eg by means of a title and paragraphs or verses ; in which sentence punctuation ( capital letters , full stops , question marks and exclamation marks ) is generally accurately used ; and in which there is some evidence of an ability to set out and punctuate any direct speech in a way that makes meaning clear to the reader .

Attempt independent redrafting and revision of their own writing and talk about changes they have made .
[try] independent redrafting and revision of their own writing and talk about changes they have made .

Produce pieces of writing in which there is a more successful attempt to present simple subject matter in a structured way , eg by layout , headings , paragraphing , verse structure ; in which sentence punctuation is almost always accurately used ; in which any direct speech is clearly set out and punctuated ; and in which simple uses of the comma , eg in lists , after long adverbials , are handled successfully .
produce pieces of writing in which there is a more successful [try] to present simple subject matter in a structured way , eg by layout , headings , paragraphing , verse structure ; in which sentence punctuation is almost always accurately used ; in which any direct speech is clearly set out and punctuated ; and in which simple uses of the comma , eg in lists , after long adverbials , are handled successfully .

( ii ) Through experience of a wider range of literature they should learn to produce stories which are more consciously crafted , for example , using some detail in the portrayal of characters or settings or with some attempt to introduce elements of suspense or surprise with a skilfully managed resolution .
( ii ) through experience of a wider range of literature they should learn to produce stories which are more consciously crafted , for example , using some detail in the portrayal of characters or settings or with some [try] to introduce elements of suspense or surprise with a skilfully managed resolution .

It subsumes many of our recommendations for literature in our first Report , but does not repeat the list of authors given there nor attempt an equivalent for pupils ages 5 to 16 .
it subsumes many of our recommendations for literature in our first report , but does not repeat the list of authors given there nor [try] an equivalent for pupils ages 5 to 16 .

With reluctance , Morton decided that he must make another attempt to identify the dead girl .
with reluctance , morton decided that he must make another [try] to identify the dead girl .

10.30 My first and only attempt at inhaling gas and air .
10.30 my first and only [try] at inhaling gas and air .

We learnt a few lessons on how we could have improved it but we felt very pleased with it as our first attempt .
we learnt a few lessons on how we could have improved it but we felt very pleased with it as our first [try] .

But we felt better organised this time and again we felt very pleased with it as still only our second attempt .
but we felt better organised this time and again we felt very pleased with it as still only our second [try] .

In the years following the violence of the Mexican revolution , great attention was paid to the content of education , in an attempt to involve the young in the principles of the revolution , but this emphasis has declined in the second half of the century .
in the years following the violence of the mexican revolution , great attention was paid to the content of education , in an [try] to involve the young in the principles of the revolution , but this emphasis has declined in the second half of the century .

Joseph Kahl , in his attempt to measure modernism , picks out participation in the mass media as one of his key criteria of the modern .
joseph kahl , in his [try] to measure modernism , picks out participation in the mass media as one of his key criteria of the modern .

In many Latin American countries , governments have realised that the cheapest way of attempting to solve the housing problem is to upgrade existing housing settlements and ease the development of new sites and services , rather than attempt the seemingly impossible task of constructing buildings sufficient to house the urban population .
in many latin american countries , governments have realised that the cheapest way of attempting to solve the housing problem is to upgrade existing housing settlements and ease the development of new sites and services , rather than [try] the seemingly impossible task of constructing buildings sufficient to house the urban population .

what also emerges from these pages is that the poor are not necessarily apathetic about their situation , nor are they bound by a culture of poverty , but are quite capable of positive action to attempt to solve their problems .
what also emerges from these pages is that the poor are not necessarily apathetic about their situation , nor are they bound by a culture of poverty , but are quite capable of positive action to [try] to solve their problems .

When Bashir Gemayel 's own baby daughter was killed in a car bomb attempt on his life in east Beirut , Suleiman Franjieh , who was now secluded in his home town of Zghorta under the protection of his Marada ( Giants ) militia , could scarcely suppress his satisfaction .
when bashir gemayel 's own baby daughter was killed in a car bomb [try] on his life in east beirut , suleiman franjieh , who was now secluded in his home town of zghorta under the protection of his marada ( giants ) militia , could scarcely suppress his satisfaction .

‘ The workers ' attempt to defend their interests by forming trades unions was bitterly resisted by the employers .
‘ the workers ' [try] to defend their interests by forming trades unions was bitterly resisted by the employers .

This can be taken to mean that the one proper way for an authority to decide its actions is to ask itself what are the reasons which apply to its subjects and attempt to follow them .
this can be taken to mean that the one proper way for an authority to decide its actions is to ask itself what are the reasons which apply to its subjects and [try] to follow them .

The philosophical explanation of authority is not an attempt to state the meaning of a word .
the philosophical explanation of authority is not an [try] to state the meaning of a word .

Accounts of ‘ authority ’ attempt a double task .
accounts of ‘ authority ’ [try] a double task .

They are part of an attempt to make explicit elements of our common traditions : a highly prized activity in a culture which values self-awareness .
they are part of an [try] to make explicit elements of our common traditions : a highly prized activity in a culture which values self-awareness .

Sometimes , as was remarked above , by relying on indirect strategic reasons one may achieve greater conformity with the underlying basic reasons than is possible through a direct attempt to pursue them .
sometimes , as was remarked above , by relying on indirect strategic reasons one may achieve greater conformity with the underlying basic reasons than is possible through a direct [try] to pursue them .

Direct individual action in an attempt to follow right reason is likely to be self-defeating .
direct individual action in an [try] to follow right reason is likely to be self-defeating .

But only the paternalistic tendency to minimize the significance of action based on the agent 's judgment of his situation led to the attempt to amalgamate all voluntary obligations into a generalized doctrine of duties arising out of responsibility for inducing others to act .
but only the paternalistic tendency to minimize the significance of action based on the agent 's judgment of his situation led to the [try] to amalgamate all voluntary obligations into a generalized doctrine of duties arising out of responsibility for inducing others to act .

Whatever one 's view of the tendency which led to the attempt , the attempt was doomed .
whatever one 's view of the tendency which led to the [try] , the [try] was doomed .

Both combined lead to political conclusions which are in some ways akin to those of Rawls : political action should be concerned with providing individuals with the means by which they can develop , which enable them to choose and attempt to realize their own conception of the good .
both combined lead to political conclusions which are in some ways akin to those of rawls : political action should be concerned with providing individuals with the means by which they can develop , which enable them to choose and [try] to realize their own conception of the good .

He decided to repeat the heating exercise in an attempt to force out the energy from the graphite .
he decided to repeat the heating exercise in an [try] to force out the energy from the graphite .

When it did n't , they pumped air through the pile in an attempt to cool it .
when it did n't , they pumped air through the pile in an [try] to cool it .

This was an attempt to provide a readable , reasonably objective report of the event which would reflect both sides of the argument ( and with gossip and humour thrown in to lighten the load ) .
this was an [try] to provide a readable , reasonably objective report of the event which would reflect both sides of the argument ( and with gossip and humour thrown in to lighten the load ) .

Some writers have stressed the importance in the struggle to create an independent national State of the use — or the attempt to establish the use — of one language in a given territory , ‘ unified fields of exchange , as Benedict Anderson puts it .
some writers have stressed the importance in the struggle to create an independent national state of the use — or the [try] to establish the use — of one language in a given territory , ‘ unified fields of exchange , as benedict anderson puts it .

Thus , the enlightenment of the enlightened despot , the attempt to modernize and make the administration more systematic ( as well as relieve the royal purse ) , produced precisely the opposite reaction .
thus , the enlightenment of the enlightened despot , the [try] to modernize and make the administration more systematic ( as well as relieve the royal purse ) , produced precisely the opposite reaction .

However , the claim to universal liberty was the justification of Napoleon 's attempt to conquer Europe , not the right of France to control the Continent ( on the other hand , Napoleon 's armies did little to change the inherited social structure of the areas they conquered ) .
however , the claim to universal liberty was the justification of napoleon 's [try] to conquer europe , not the right of france to control the continent ( on the other hand , napoleon 's armies did little to change the inherited social structure of the areas they conquered ) .

The non-Hungarians , inspired by a considerable and ancient hostility towards their Magyar overlords , were obliged to defend the use of their own languages against the Magyar attempt to eliminate them .
the non-hungarians , inspired by a considerable and ancient hostility towards their magyar overlords , were obliged to defend the use of their own languages against the magyar [try] to eliminate them .

There seemed no end to the knock-on effects — the Magyar attempt to resist Vienna provoked the development of nationalism among Croats , Serbs , Roumanians and more .
there seemed no end to the knock-on effects — the magyar [try] to resist vienna provoked the development of nationalism among croats , serbs , roumanians and more .

The frictions grew steadily worse , and in an attempt to accommodate them the 1897 Vienna Congress resolved that the party become a federation of six national parties .
the frictions grew steadily worse , and in an [try] to accommodate them the 1897 vienna congress resolved that the party become a federation of six national parties .

To attempt to resurrect — or , more likely in her view , invent — the old national groups was entirely reactionary , to turn the clock back to a past economic system , and to attempt by this means to frustrate the proletarian revolution .
to [try] to resurrect — or , more likely in her view , invent — the old national groups was entirely reactionary , to turn the clock back to a past economic system , and to [try] by this means to frustrate the proletarian revolution .

As we shall see , the attempt to employ the same concepts to describe quite different tasks was a common phenomenon among young nationalists .
as we shall see , the [try] to employ the same concepts to describe quite different tasks was a common phenomenon among young nationalists .

At the 8th Party Congress in March 1919 , the Left now made yet another attempt to revise the Party programme on the national question .
at the 8th party congress in march 1919 , the left now made yet another [try] to revise the party programme on the national question .

In Russia , any attempt to refuse this right would immediately aid the bourgeoisie of each nationality and tend to push the local working class into its arms .
in russia , any [try] to refuse this right would immediately aid the bourgeoisie of each nationality and tend to push the local working class into its arms .

By 1920 , there could be a pause for breath , an attempt to remember what the meaning of the revolution was supposed to be .
by 1920 , there could be a pause for breath , an [try] to remember what the meaning of the revolution was supposed to be .

The only German prisoner ever to escape from Britain , described in the book The One that Got Away , made his first attempt from Fetherstone .
the only german prisoner ever to escape from britain , described in the book the one that got away , made his first [try] from fetherstone .

In an attempt to raise further funds for the International League for the Protection of Horses fighting fund , a demonstration and clinic has been arranged to be given by Britain 's leading Western rider/trainer and judge , Bob Mayhew .
in an [try] to raise further funds for the international league for the protection of horses fighting fund , a demonstration and clinic has been arranged to be given by britain 's leading western rider/trainer and judge , bob mayhew .

There are many busy mothers who would be delighted to see their horses being exercised , particularly during the winter when it is less easy to turn horses out ( in an attempt to preserve limited grazing ) .
there are many busy mothers who would be delighted to see their horses being exercised , particularly during the winter when it is less easy to turn horses out ( in an [try] to preserve limited grazing ) .

Copper had made a completely recovery , he was as sound as ever although a little on the thin side in an attempt to save his legs .
copper had made a completely recovery , he was as sound as ever although a little on the thin side in an [try] to save his legs .

If the threat is from behind , the horse may attempt to protect his rear end by tucking his tail between his legs .
if the threat is from behind , the horse may [try] to protect his rear end by tucking his tail between his legs .

After her abortive attempt to break into journalism , she had gone down to the beach , flung off her dress , and plunged into the water at Backyards .
after her abortive [try] to break into journalism , she had gone down to the beach , flung off her dress , and plunged into the water at backyards .

Unable to get far enough inside to catch one of the more amenable waves , Foo at last resolved to attempt an outside set .
unable to get far enough inside to catch one of the more amenable waves , foo at last resolved to [try] an outside set .

There appears to be substance in the legend by the surviving name of the castle , and there is further support in a couplet that still lives on , referring to his abortive attempt to divert the course of the river to surround the fortress as a moat :
there appears to be substance in the legend by the surviving name of the castle , and there is further support in a couplet that still lives on , referring to his abortive [try] to divert the course of the river to surround the fortress as a moat :

The Authority was less successful in its attempt to ensure that disciplinary proceedings were brought against a detective superintendent , whose early retirement from the Metropolitan Police in 1989 meant that he avoided questions about his links with drug smuggling and criminal gangs , queries that had arisen after a World in Action television programme which had made serious allegations about corruption in the London police .
the authority was less successful in its [try] to ensure that disciplinary proceedings were brought against a detective superintendent , whose early retirement from the metropolitan police in 1989 meant that he avoided questions about his links with drug smuggling and criminal gangs , queries that had arisen after a world in action television programme which had made serious allegations about corruption in the london police .

An attempt was made in Parliament to restrict the power to intercept for security reasons to cases where this was necessary for the defence of the realm or to prevent subversion , terrorism , or espionage — still wider than the guidelines but much closer to their spirit than the statute .
an [try] was made in parliament to restrict the power to intercept for security reasons to cases where this was necessary for the defence of the realm or to prevent subversion , terrorism , or espionage — still wider than the guidelines but much closer to their spirit than the statute .

Far less does it make any attempt to improve these procedures to meet their critics .
far less does it make any [try] to improve these procedures to meet their critics .

Although she was the dominant parent , she had made no attempt to do so until then ; Robin 's father remembered being circumcised after his father 's death , when he was seven .
although she was the dominant parent , she had made no [try] to do so until then ; robin 's father remembered being circumcised after his father 's death , when he was seven .

’ But it only increased the suspicion with which they were regarded by some of the boys , and there were those who were upset by the homosexuality which John and some of his friends made no attempt to hide .
’ but it only increased the suspicion with which they were regarded by some of the boys , and there were those who were upset by the homosexuality which john and some of his friends made no [try] to hide .

One brought his first , none too successful , attempt at staging dances and ensembles in a revue , Calypso , produced by Hedley Briggs at the Playhouse .
one brought his first , none too successful , [try] at staging dances and ensembles in a revue , calypso , produced by hedley briggs at the playhouse .

The ballet had some rough edges to its structure and the groupings , like the emotions , were sometimes a little too obviously contrived , but it marked a step forward for its choreographer in its attempt to achieve dramatic seriousness and depth .
the ballet had some rough edges to its structure and the groupings , like the emotions , were sometimes a little too obviously contrived , but it marked a step forward for its choreographer in its [try] to achieve dramatic seriousness and depth .

He coined the term ‘ developmental mechanics ’ and was one of the first to attempt a causal analysis of early development .
he coined the term ‘ developmental mechanics ’ and was one of the first to [try] a causal analysis of early development .

William Elstobb found the eighteenth-century fenmen content with ‘ uncomfortable accommodations ’ ; and Vancouver wrote of Burwell in 1794 : ‘ Any attempt in contemplation for the better drainage of this fen is considered hostile to the true interests of these deluded people .
william elstobb found the eighteenth-century fenmen content with ‘ uncomfortable accommodations ’ ; and vancouver wrote of burwell in 1794 : ‘ any [try] in contemplation for the better drainage of this fen is considered hostile to the true interests of these deluded people .

The Land Drainage Act of 1918 had made an attempt to simplify the administration of land drainage , but in the late 1920s it was clear that confusion still prevailed .
the land drainage act of 1918 had made an [try] to simplify the administration of land drainage , but in the late 1920s it was clear that confusion still prevailed .

It is not uncommon for tractors to slide into a stream as they attempt to cultivate every last scrap of land beside a watercourse .
it is not uncommon for tractors to slide into a stream as they [try] to cultivate every last scrap of land beside a watercourse .

Therefore , in those cases where land-agents levy heavy penalties for such things as tree planting ( which no engineer or environmentalist would attempt to force upon farmers in places where they would interfere with necessary practical farming ) , the real cost to the public , which is , after all , financing land-drainage schemes in order to improve the productivity of landowners ' fields , is in both money and loss of landscape quality .
therefore , in those cases where land-agents levy heavy penalties for such things as tree planting ( which no engineer or environmentalist would [try] to force upon farmers in places where they would interfere with necessary practical farming ) , the real cost to the public , which is , after all , financing land-drainage schemes in order to improve the productivity of landowners ' fields , is in both money and loss of landscape quality .

Environmentalists have complained that in contrast to road-building programmes , for example , no attempt has been made to assess the cost of intangible environmental losses to the community , as against financial benefits to the farmer ; that calculations of benefit have assumed unrealistic yields and excessively speedy rates of take-up by farmers ; that there is a reluctance to design low-level flood protection , even when farmers are getting by with an arable crop in most years ; that the inevitable patching of eroding banks as a river reacts to the engineering constraints put upon it is never allowed for in the costs ; and that the benefits anticipated from a drainage schemes are based on what are known as ‘ farm-gate prices ’ received by farmers for their crops .
environmentalists have complained that in contrast to road-building programmes , for example , no [try] has been made to assess the cost of intangible environmental losses to the community , as against financial benefits to the farmer ; that calculations of benefit have assumed unrealistic yields and excessively speedy rates of take-up by farmers ; that there is a reluctance to design low-level flood protection , even when farmers are getting by with an arable crop in most years ; that the inevitable patching of eroding banks as a river reacts to the engineering constraints put upon it is never allowed for in the costs ; and that the benefits anticipated from a drainage schemes are based on what are known as ‘ farm-gate prices ’ received by farmers for their crops .

To attempt such a separation tends to lend colour to a distinction often drawn within the curriculum at school or within the range of subjects studied in higher education between the useful and the useless .
to [try] such a separation tends to lend colour to a distinction often drawn within the curriculum at school or within the range of subjects studied in higher education between the useful and the useless .

It has sometimes been suggested that there are groups of children , children of ethnic minorities , for example , or children who are extremely socially deprived , who fail at school , who play truant and give up all attempt to succeed , because the content of the curriculum is totally alien to them , unfamiliar , and therefore irrelevant in a strong sense .
it has sometimes been suggested that there are groups of children , children of ethnic minorities , for example , or children who are extremely socially deprived , who fail at school , who play truant and give up all [try] to succeed , because the content of the curriculum is totally alien to them , unfamiliar , and therefore irrelevant in a strong sense .

When comprehensive schools became the norm there was still no serious attempt to rethink the curriculum or the values incorporated within it .
when comprehensive schools became the norm there was still no serious [try] to rethink the curriculum or the values incorporated within it .

Such critics regard an attempt to broaden the base of learning as either a deliberate lowering of standards in the name of equality , or , perhaps , an exercise in politicizing the curriculum .
such critics regard an [try] to broaden the base of learning as either a deliberate lowering of standards in the name of equality , or , perhaps , an exercise in politicizing the curriculum .

He had hated the little brochure that described it — the pathetic attempt to make it look glamorous , the photographs of it , posed , doors open , doors shut , desperately trying not to look like what it was — a square box with hideous speckled seats .
he had hated the little brochure that described it — the pathetic [try] to make it look glamorous , the photographs of it , posed , doors open , doors shut , desperately trying not to look like what it was — a square box with hideous speckled seats .

In a square , steel tray at the back of the desk was a notepad , the kind of thing given away by small businesses in an attempt to register their names with the public .
in a square , steel tray at the back of the desk was a notepad , the kind of thing given away by small businesses in an [try] to register their names with the public .

His attempt to murder her seemed to have given him a new strength in the relationship .
his [try] to murder her seemed to have given him a new strength in the relationship .

Henry made one more attempt .
henry made one more [try] .

If there was a single reason , thought Henry , why he was once again determined to poison her , it was probably her stubborn refusal to go along with his earlier attempt .
if there was a single reason , thought henry , why he was once again determined to poison her , it was probably her stubborn refusal to go along with his earlier [try] .

If he wants to take up sports again , the patient must be guided by his physiotherapist , so that he does not attempt exercises which are too hard , which would inevitably increase his spasticity .
if he wants to take up sports again , the patient must be guided by his physiotherapist , so that he does not [try] exercises which are too hard , which would inevitably increase his spasticity .

With this , El Cid at once avenged the death of his son and once again showed that any attempt to reconquer Valencia was fruitless while he still lived .
with this , el cid at once avenged the death of his son and once again showed that any [try] to reconquer valencia was fruitless while he still lived .

The first attempt was in winter , precisely at that dark , depressing period when the sun can barely be bothered rising for more than 20 minutes before it packs in and hands over to nightfall .
the first [try] was in winter , precisely at that dark , depressing period when the sun can barely be bothered rising for more than 20 minutes before it packs in and hands over to nightfall .

That was the first attempt at Creag Meagaidh .
that was the first [try] at creag meagaidh .

We were back in the car with the heater on before you could say ‘ Who finished the soup ? ’ and another attempt was foiled .
we were back in the car with the heater on before you could say ‘ who finished the soup ? ’ and another [try] was foiled .

This is where Hess started in his attempt to explain the nature of global processes .
this is where hess started in his [try] to explain the nature of global processes .

The shore was already becoming inaccessible as piles of ash accumulated , so he was forced to abandon his attempt , and turned to the south , running before the wind to escape from the increasingly heavy rain of ashes .
the shore was already becoming inaccessible as piles of ash accumulated , so he was forced to abandon his [try] , and turned to the south , running before the wind to escape from the increasingly heavy rain of ashes .

There had been no time to attempt to flee , or even to struggle ; hundreds simply died in their tracks .
there had been no time to [try] to flee , or even to struggle ; hundreds simply died in their tracks .

He enjoyed telling it because his first attempt , to Franco , had been made in a desperate sort of pidgin-Italian .
he enjoyed telling it because his first [try] , to franco , had been made in a desperate sort of pidgin-italian .

Throughout its three-hundred-year history the Church of Santa Maria has frequently been clothed in the wooden scaffolding that has allowed builders to attempt repairs after recent earthquakes .
throughout its three-hundred-year history the church of santa maria has frequently been clothed in the wooden scaffolding that has allowed builders to [try] repairs after recent earthquakes .

Elisa was about to make her second attempt to leave when a bell was heard — the front-door bell .
elisa was about to make her second [try] to leave when a bell was heard — the front-door bell .

Its successor , The Hand of Ethelberta ( 1876 ) , a comic satire on fashionable London society , was a deliberate attempt to write the kind of fiction which he felt the clients of circulating libraries expected .
its successor , the hand of ethelberta ( 1876 ) , a comic satire on fashionable london society , was a deliberate [try] to write the kind of fiction which he felt the clients of circulating libraries expected .

They represent an attempt to retain autonomy through prior expression of will , after the ability to choose and act on the choice has gone .
they represent an [try] to retain autonomy through prior expression of will , after the ability to choose and act on the choice has gone .

It represents an attempt to solve the problem by logic-chopping .
it represents an [try] to solve the problem by logic-chopping .

You attempt to debauch your girlfriend as a consequence of nos 1 and 5 .
you [try] to debauch your girlfriend as a consequence of nos 1 and 5 .

Bede not only compiled a detailed account of this important Synod but in another of his treatises , De temporum ratione ( ‘ On the Reckoning of Time ’ ) , written in 725 and generally regarded as his scientific masterpiece , he computed Easter tables for the period 532 to 1063 and also made a first attempt at a general chronology of the world down to the reign of the contemporary Byzantine emperor , Leo the Isaurian .
bede not only compiled a detailed account of this important synod but in another of his treatises , de temporum ratione ( ‘ on the reckoning of time ’ ) , written in 725 and generally regarded as his scientific masterpiece , he computed easter tables for the period 532 to 1063 and also made a first [try] at a general chronology of the world down to the reign of the contemporary byzantine emperor , leo the isaurian .

What the book does attempt to do is to provide a framework of problems and ideas , exploring major themes .
what the book does [try] to do is to provide a framework of problems and ideas , exploring major themes .

But to say that it is hard does not make it less desirable , neither does it mean that governments should abandon the attempt .
but to say that it is hard does not make it less desirable , neither does it mean that governments should abandon the [try] .

For the New Right and other influential sectors of political opinion the attempt to achieve racial equality through legal and political means is at best naïve political folly , and at worst a restriction on the workings of the market .
for the new right and other influential sectors of political opinion the [try] to achieve racial equality through legal and political means is at best naïve political folly , and at worst a restriction on the workings of the market .

It aims to show that closely related to the objective of resurrecting conservative social policies is a political method which involves an attempt to change Britain 's political landscape .
it aims to show that closely related to the objective of resurrecting conservative social policies is a political method which involves an [try] to change britain 's political landscape .

But this brave attempt to ‘ face facts ’ contains problems .
but this brave [try] to ‘ face facts ’ contains problems .

They attempt to direct the ball ‘ close to the batsman ’ so that he is denied the room to swing the bat freely and hit the ball hard .
they [try] to direct the ball ‘ close to the batsman ’ so that he is denied the room to swing the bat freely and hit the ball hard .

Do not attempt to carry something up or down the stairs that is heavy , awkward , or restricts your vision , so that you can not see where you are placing your feet .
do not [try] to carry something up or down the stairs that is heavy , awkward , or restricts your vision , so that you can not see where you are placing your feet .

Nor are glamorous stiletto shoes safe until you are at the bottom of the stairs ; do not attempt to come down wearing them as the danger is very real — Winston Churchill 's mother lost a leg that way .
nor are glamorous stiletto shoes safe until you are at the bottom of the stairs ; do not [try] to come down wearing them as the danger is very real — winston churchill 's mother lost a leg that way .

Do not attempt to tie a tourniquet unless you have severed an artery and blood loss is so fast that you must stop the flow quickly .
do not [try] to tie a tourniquet unless you have severed an artery and blood loss is so fast that you must stop the flow quickly .

If you have a foreign object imbedded in you , glass in your hand , for instance , or something in your eye , do not attempt to remove it yourself , go to the nearest Accident and Emergency hospital department or doctor 's surgery .
if you have a foreign object imbedded in you , glass in your hand , for instance , or something in your eye , do not [try] to remove it yourself , go to the nearest accident and emergency hospital department or doctor 's surgery .

If you should faint , when you recover consciousness , do not attempt to do anything other than call your doctor or a neighbour and lay down on the bed .
if you should faint , when you recover consciousness , do not [try] to do anything other than call your doctor or a neighbour and lay down on the bed .

But he had survived and was out of hospital , the attempt to push his weight up .
but he had survived and was out of hospital , the [try] to push his weight up .

Rubberneck now made no attempt to hide ; they wanted him , he had raised the window high as it would go .
rubberneck now made no [try] to hide ; they wanted him , he had raised the window high as it would go .

Anton levered , with his hands , the sides the pan : the attempt to rise .
anton levered , with his hands , the sides the pan : the [try] to rise .

Parker , his punches did not work , and he punched Anton 's back : resounding blows , and the back of his neck with all his might , the attempt to push him down .
parker , his punches did not work , and he punched anton 's back : resounding blows , and the back of his neck with all his might , the [try] to push him down .

In the light of the misunderstandings and bitterness which can affect all the parties involved in an industrial dispute , it is perhaps regrettable that no attempt has been made adequately to define the legal rights of workers involved in such disputes .
in the light of the misunderstandings and bitterness which can affect all the parties involved in an industrial dispute , it is perhaps regrettable that no [try] has been made adequately to define the legal rights of workers involved in such disputes .

Hardcore porn is openly traded in the cities and exhibited in cinemas and video shops across the country , despite experimental zoning restrictions in certain areas , yet there has been little or no attempt in the courts or the legislatures to discriminate between the greater and lesser dangers it represents .
hardcore porn is openly traded in the cities and exhibited in cinemas and video shops across the country , despite experimental zoning restrictions in certain areas , yet there has been little or no [try] in the courts or the legislatures to discriminate between the greater and lesser dangers it represents .

The current British test meets all those requirements , but if clarification is needed , then the following is an attempt to interpret the test in the light of practical experience in applying it to films and video recordings .
the current british test meets all those requirements , but if clarification is needed , then the following is an [try] to interpret the test in the light of practical experience in applying it to films and video recordings .

The Younger Committee made no attempt at a definitive statement on what constituted privacy , contenting itself with a summary of different approaches and attempts at definition .
the younger committee made no [try] at a definitive statement on what constituted privacy , contenting itself with a summary of different approaches and attempts at definition .

The Younger Committee pointed out that any attempt to control the distribution of unsolicited advertising matter by legislation would involve an element of censorship in determining which types of advertisement or literature were permissible and which not ; they recommended no action .
the younger committee pointed out that any [try] to control the distribution of unsolicited advertising matter by legislation would involve an element of censorship in determining which types of advertisement or literature were permissible and which not ; they recommended no action .

Here again the attempt to define one man 's right reduces the freedom of another — the right to observe discreetly impinges on the privacy of whoever is observed , and the claim to privacy restricts the right to observe , if right it be .
here again the [try] to define one man 's right reduces the freedom of another — the right to observe discreetly impinges on the privacy of whoever is observed , and the claim to privacy restricts the right to observe , if right it be .

The dramatic story of the royal rescue has always attracted visitors , and an attempt to ‘ restore ’ the house to its appearance when Charles was here was made in the 19th century in deference to this appeal .
the dramatic story of the royal rescue has always attracted visitors , and an [try] to ‘ restore ’ the house to its appearance when charles was here was made in the 19th century in deference to this appeal .

In an attempt to encourage drivers to opt for cars with converters , or to have them fitted on older models , some European countries are offering tax incentives .
in an [try] to encourage drivers to opt for cars with converters , or to have them fitted on older models , some european countries are offering tax incentives .

The Basle Convention , held in 1989 in an attempt to control such exploitation and to protect developing countries from the industrial debris of the West , did little to help matters .
the basle convention , held in 1989 in an [try] to control such exploitation and to protect developing countries from the industrial debris of the west , did little to help matters .

Most are there for aesthetic value in an attempt to raise the product 's perceived value .
most are there for aesthetic value in an [try] to raise the product 's perceived value .

The second attempt is always much better than the first and any experience of hearing your answers voiced out loud will make the eventual interview an easier and more constructive experience .
the second [try] is always much better than the first and any experience of hearing your answers voiced out loud will make the eventual interview an easier and more constructive experience .

You will get more out of the agency and interviewer and make their task easier if you have already made your own attempt at self-assessment ( see p. 9 ) .
you will get more out of the agency and interviewer and make their task easier if you have already made your own [try] at self-assessment ( see p. 9 ) .

But in many cases the threat of legal action has been enough to stop those few shopkeepers who attempt to profit from glue and solvent sales to solvent misusers .
but in many cases the threat of legal action has been enough to stop those few shopkeepers who [try] to profit from glue and solvent sales to solvent misusers .

The doctor in the Accident and Emergency Department told them that Sally had been very lucky ; sniffing aerosols can kill at the first attempt , and some people 's hearts are affected .
the doctor in the accident and emergency department told them that sally had been very lucky ; sniffing aerosols can kill at the first [try] , and some people 's hearts are affected .

This attempt to call their parents back could last for hours , days , even for a week or more .
this [try] to call their parents back could last for hours , days , even for a week or more .

Those who have experienced marriage may attempt to encourage curiosity and thoughtfulness through education of one kind or another .
those who have experienced marriage may [try] to encourage curiosity and thoughtfulness through education of one kind or another .

In later childhood , these emotions may well be repressed , as parents and then teachers attempt , by a variety of means , to socialize young people .
in later childhood , these emotions may well be repressed , as parents and then teachers [try] , by a variety of means , to socialize young people .

The search for love and the in-love state can be seen as an attempt to recreate the harmonious whole .
the search for love and the in-love state can be seen as an [try] to recreate the harmonious whole .

But as in the choice of a partner , so in the choice of parenthood , people may attempt to repair and correct early experiences of threesomes and foursomes .
but as in the choice of a partner , so in the choice of parenthood , people may [try] to repair and correct early experiences of threesomes and foursomes .

In seeking to promote the realization and wholeness of human nature , we attempt to correct our early unsatisfactory experiences .
in seeking to promote the realization and wholeness of human nature , we [try] to correct our early unsatisfactory experiences .

In Joan Halton 's attempt to be more whole , she needed to know more about her desire to come first , at least for part of the time , rather than always maintaining the veneer of premature maturity she had felt forced into adopting as a child .
in joan halton 's [try] to be more whole , she needed to know more about her desire to come first , at least for part of the time , rather than always maintaining the veneer of premature maturity she had felt forced into adopting as a child .

As Jung said , an attempt to leave behind the child which still lives in us all , denies a part of ourselves and results in behaviour of a very childish , as opposed to childlike , kind .
as jung said , an [try] to leave behind the child which still lives in us all , denies a part of ourselves and results in behaviour of a very childish , as opposed to childlike , kind .

The greater the attempt to cling , the less the container can respond , thereby providing confirmation of the insecurity which feels so painful .
the greater the [try] to cling , the less the container can respond , thereby providing confirmation of the insecurity which feels so painful .

An adult 's constant blaming of another can also be heard as the angry protest of the deprived internal infant within that adult body , and when it turns to whining , may also serve to express the yearning and become an attempt to control the whereabouts of the other .
an adult 's constant blaming of another can also be heard as the angry protest of the deprived internal infant within that adult body , and when it turns to whining , may also serve to express the yearning and become an [try] to control the whereabouts of the other .

In her attempt to get closer to her mother she had unknowingly identified with the mother 's way of not explaining anything .
in her [try] to get closer to her mother she had unknowingly identified with the mother 's way of not explaining anything .

Then , in her attempt to experience more closeness to her husband and to drive him to understand what she felt like but could not make conscious or put into words , she did to him what had been done to her .
then , in her [try] to experience more closeness to her husband and to drive him to understand what she felt like but could not make conscious or put into words , she did to him what had been done to her .

It may seem odd to think of battering as an attempt to get close .
it may seem odd to think of battering as an [try] to get close .

Fury at the behaviour of the other , or at what the other symbolizes , can be a desperate attempt to get physically and emotionally closer by sharing the experience of what it is like to be battered .
fury at the behaviour of the other , or at what the other symbolizes , can be a desperate [try] to get physically and emotionally closer by sharing the experience of what it is like to be battered .

After further round-table discussions of their progress , pleasuring is then extended to the genital area before they are encouraged to attempt intercourse , with different recommendations for particular problems .
after further round-table discussions of their progress , pleasuring is then extended to the genital area before they are encouraged to [try] intercourse , with different recommendations for particular problems .

It is the attempt to examine some of these interdisciplinary intersections that lies at the heart of this text .
it is the [try] to examine some of these interdisciplinary intersections that lies at the heart of this text .

This is why this volume is concerned with an attempt to tie together policy , theory and practice .
this is why this volume is concerned with an [try] to tie together policy , theory and practice .

In the British context of the 1980s the political project that has come to be identified as ‘ Thatcherism ’ has commonly been seen as an attempt to legitimate both the reintegration of a restructured British economy into the global economy and the revision of the relationship between the state and civil society that the preferred version of restructuring required .
in the british context of the 1980s the political project that has come to be identified as ‘ thatcherism ’ has commonly been seen as an [try] to legitimate both the reintegration of a restructured british economy into the global economy and the revision of the relationship between the state and civil society that the preferred version of restructuring required .

‘ the way in which particular localities must engage in a bitter and divisive struggle to sell themselves to capitals as the most desirable location for their activities in an attempt to defend the right to live , learn and work in their place .
‘ the way in which particular localities must engage in a bitter and divisive struggle to sell themselves to capitals as the most desirable location for their activities in an [try] to defend the right to live , learn and work in their place .

And the disingenuous becomes invidious when this is set against an attempt to locate blame for economic dislocation on its victims , cast inner city residents as ‘ a poor social mix ’ ( Trippier , 1989 , p19 ) , and offer instead a radical recasting of multi-national capital as the means of saving the inner cities .
and the disingenuous becomes invidious when this is set against an [try] to locate blame for economic dislocation on its victims , cast inner city residents as ‘ a poor social mix ’ ( trippier , 1989 , p19 ) , and offer instead a radical recasting of multi-national capital as the means of saving the inner cities .

An attempt to observe whether or not public investment leverages private investment has therefore been inconclusive .
an [try] to observe whether or not public investment leverages private investment has therefore been inconclusive .

Given the disparate investment pattern in the North Side , which appears to favour areas previously showing a greater tendency to revitalise , and an investment strategy that permits higher income rehabilitators to use government funds for revitalising increasingly fashionable homes , what guides programme investment in an alleged attempt to alleviate deprivation ?
given the disparate investment pattern in the north side , which appears to favour areas previously showing a greater tendency to revitalise , and an investment strategy that permits higher income rehabilitators to use government funds for revitalising increasingly fashionable homes , what guides programme investment in an alleged [try] to alleviate deprivation ?

The remainder of this chapter will review the nature and activities of these neighbourhood groups in an attempt to understand better the nature of the North Side Revitalization Program delivery , to trace out the mechanisms by which social polarisation may be exacerbated rather than alleviated .
the remainder of this chapter will review the nature and activities of these neighbourhood groups in an [try] to understand better the nature of the north side revitalization program delivery , to trace out the mechanisms by which social polarisation may be exacerbated rather than alleviated .

That James would attempt to recover his lost throne seemed inevitable , especially since he had taken refuge in France .
that james would [try] to recover his lost throne seemed inevitable , especially since he had taken refuge in france .

He was driven out , with most of his officers , on 17 April , but the first attempt to relieve Londonderry from England failed .
he was driven out , with most of his officers , on 17 april , but the first [try] to relieve londonderry from england failed .

The planning of the new invasion was nevertheless more realistic than for any previous attempt .
the planning of the new invasion was nevertheless more realistic than for any previous [try] .

The night chosen for the attempt , Friday 9 September 1715 , was suitably dark and stormy but , as so often , Scottish throats had imbibed too freely , Scottish tongues had wagged too readily and the raiding party , scaling the walls in the darkness , were driven off or captured .
the night chosen for the [try] , friday 9 september 1715 , was suitably dark and stormy but , as so often , scottish throats had imbibed too freely , scottish tongues had wagged too readily and the raiding party , scaling the walls in the darkness , were driven off or captured .

James and his immediate circle had always regarded Scotland as a sideshow and while Mar , Mackintosh and Forster were engaging in their bloodless manoeuvring in the north , he had despatched the Duke of Ormonde [ or Ormond ] to make another attempt in the south-west .
james and his immediate circle had always regarded scotland as a sideshow and while mar , mackintosh and forster were engaging in their bloodless manoeuvring in the north , he had despatched the duke of ormonde [ or ormond ] to make another [try] in the south-west .

Here , on 28 October , he met James , who agreed that he , James , should go to Scotland to try and exploit the rebellion there , while Ormonde should make one more attempt on the West Country .
here , on 28 october , he met james , who agreed that he , james , should go to scotland to try and exploit the rebellion there , while ormonde should make one more [try] on the west country .

Ormonde was to make another attempt on the West Country , being promised by the Spaniards 5000 infantry , 1000 cavalry , ten cannon and arms for the 15,000 English Jacobites expected to rally to the cause .
ormonde was to make another [try] on the west country , being promised by the spaniards 5000 infantry , 1000 cavalry , ten cannon and arms for the 15,000 english jacobites expected to rally to the cause .

After the rising of 1715 the British government had made a somewhat half-hearted attempt to tame the Highlands .
after the rising of 1715 the british government had made a somewhat half-hearted [try] to tame the highlands .

Cope decided the risks were too great and , rather than attempt to fight his way through to Fort Augustus , led his men instead down the other military road , from Dalwhinnie to Inverness , a distance of 58 miles [ 93 km ] .
cope decided the risks were too great and , rather than [try] to fight his way through to fort augustus , led his men instead down the other military road , from dalwhinnie to inverness , a distance of 58 miles [ 93 km ] .

Cumberland 's initial appreciation was that Charles would attempt to cross the Mersey either at Warrington or Crossford and he ordered the Lord Lieutenant of Cheshire , who was also official governor of Chester Castle , to make both bridges impassable , though they were not destroyed .
cumberland 's initial appreciation was that charles would [try] to cross the mersey either at warrington or crossford and he ordered the lord lieutenant of cheshire , who was also official governor of chester castle , to make both bridges impassable , though they were not destroyed .

The attempt to disrupt the retreat was , however , beaten off , with around 40 casualties , dead and wounded , on the Hanoverian side and a dozen on the Jacobite , and Charles was able to get the rest of his army safely back into Penrith .
the [try] to disrupt the retreat was , however , beaten off , with around 40 casualties , dead and wounded , on the hanoverian side and a dozen on the jacobite , and charles was able to get the rest of his army safely back into penrith .

On 2 April 1746 he gave up the attempt and headed hastily north ‘ in a great hurry and confusion ’ .
on 2 april 1746 he gave up the [try] and headed hastily north ‘ in a great hurry and confusion ’ .

She had hardly set out when the unwelcome attentions of a British privateer forced her back to Ostend and , at her second attempt , she was intercepted again , off Banff , but for a second time escaped .
she had hardly set out when the unwelcome attentions of a british privateer forced her back to ostend and , at her second [try] , she was intercepted again , off banff , but for a second time escaped .

The British public was well aware that an invasion was threatened . In May 1759 the Annual Register revealed the scale of the proposed attempt :
the british public was well aware that an invasion was threatened . in may 1759 the annual register revealed the scale of the proposed [try] :

The public , unlike Pitt , expected the enemy at least to make the attempt and , with nerves at full stretch , there were the inevitable false alarms .
the public , unlike pitt , expected the enemy at least to make the [try] and , with nerves at full stretch , there were the inevitable false alarms .

Thurot 's first attempt to land in Ireland , near Londonderry , was a failure and one of his ships became separated and never rejoined him , leaving four to turn up next on the Isle of Islay off the coast of Argyll in western Scotland , where , with a courtesy rare among invaders , he paid for the provisions he needed .
thurot 's first [try] to land in ireland , near londonderry , was a failure and one of his ships became separated and never rejoined him , leaving four to turn up next on the isle of islay off the coast of argyll in western scotland , where , with a courtesy rare among invaders , he paid for the provisions he needed .

Every invasion attempt so far had foundered on France 's naval weakness , but after the end of the Seven Years War in 1763 de Choiseul had put in hand a whole series of reforms .
every invasion [try] so far had foundered on france 's naval weakness , but after the end of the seven years war in 1763 de choiseul had put in hand a whole series of reforms .

The move is part of the company 's attempt to strengthen consumer awareness of the Church 's brand and to extend retail opportunities for ladies ' and men 's shoes .
the move is part of the company 's [try] to strengthen consumer awareness of the church 's brand and to extend retail opportunities for ladies ' and men 's shoes .

As a cynical attempt to manipulate the electorate and the media , it was unsurpassed .
as a cynical [try] to manipulate the electorate and the media , it was unsurpassed .

The Nazi-imposed rules for managing the Kindertransporte were made more restrictive in early 1939 , presumably as an attempt to disguise from decent citizens what was being perpetrated in their name .
the nazi-imposed rules for managing the kindertransporte were made more restrictive in early 1939 , presumably as an [try] to disguise from decent citizens what was being perpetrated in their name .

The happiest results came when householders gave their evacuees time to settle in and made some attempt to understand their cultural differences . One such family took in two sisters :
the happiest results came when householders gave their evacuees time to settle in and made some [try] to understand their cultural differences . one such family took in two sisters :

The attempt by the first headmaster to run Whittingham as a Jewish Eton was not appreciated by the children .
the [try] by the first headmaster to run whittingham as a jewish eton was not appreciated by the children .

One interpretation of mental breakdown is that it is an attempt by a disturbed mind to create a breathing space for reassessment and balance ; for conflicts which have been suppressed to emerge and be dealt with .
one interpretation of mental breakdown is that it is an [try] by a disturbed mind to create a breathing space for reassessment and balance ; for conflicts which have been suppressed to emerge and be dealt with .

The union will engage in negotiations with the employers in an attempt to persuade them that the wage claim is justified .
the union will engage in negotiations with the employers in an [try] to persuade them that the wage claim is justified .

To show the effects of this process , consider a labour market in which there is a powerful trade union which resists wage cuts and uses its bargaining strength in an attempt to raise its members ' real wages .
to show the effects of this process , consider a labour market in which there is a powerful trade union which resists wage cuts and uses its bargaining strength in an [try] to raise its members ' real wages .

Under conditions of perfect competition , as outlined in section 2.2 , firms which must attempt to maximise profits in order to survive are too small to influence the market price which is determined by the interaction of-demand and supply in the market : such firms ( sometimes called price-takers ) maximise their profits by producing output levels at which price equals marginal cost .
under conditions of perfect competition , as outlined in section 2.2 , firms which must [try] to maximise profits in order to survive are too small to influence the market price which is determined by the interaction of-demand and supply in the market : such firms ( sometimes called price-takers ) maximise their profits by producing output levels at which price equals marginal cost .

If the firm is a public sector firm ( or nationalised industry ) , it may be required to operate in the ‘ public interest ’ and so may attempt to produce as much as possible without making losses .
if the firm is a public sector firm ( or nationalised industry ) , it may be required to operate in the ‘ public interest ’ and so may [try] to produce as much as possible without making losses .

The prices obtained are those actually charged in the selected retail outlets and an attempt is made to ensure that the prices collected relate to goods and services of the same quality every month .
the prices obtained are those actually charged in the selected retail outlets and an [try] is made to ensure that the prices collected relate to goods and services of the same quality every month .

First , there are administrative costs incurred by individuals and firms as they attempt to adjust to the new set of prices .
first , there are administrative costs incurred by individuals and firms as they [try] to adjust to the new set of prices .

There are two major sets of theories in modern economics which attempt to explain the causes of inflation : the monetarist approach and the cost-push approach .
there are two major sets of theories in modern economics which [try] to explain the causes of inflation : the monetarist approach and the cost-push approach .

Or In equilibrium , the nominal demand for money equals the nominal money supply so that : ( 1 ) Now any increase in the nominal money supply will create an excess supply of money which will lead to an adjustment of portfolios as people attempt to spend their excess money holdings .
or in equilibrium , the nominal demand for money equals the nominal money supply so that : ( 1 ) now any increase in the nominal money supply will create an excess supply of money which will lead to an adjustment of portfolios as people [try] to spend their excess money holdings .

In this approach , proposed by Kahn in 1976 , each trade union is seen as being in competition with other trade unions for bigger and bigger wage increases in an attempt to achieve and maintain a higher position in the wages ‘ league table ’ .
in this approach , proposed by kahn in 1976 , each trade union is seen as being in competition with other trade unions for bigger and bigger wage increases in an [try] to achieve and maintain a higher position in the wages ‘ league table ’ .

As one trade union succeeds in a wage claim and so moves up the ‘ league table ’ , other unions immediately put in similar wage claims in an attempt to restore their relative positions .
as one trade union succeeds in a wage claim and so moves up the ‘ league table ’ , other unions immediately put in similar wage claims in an [try] to restore their relative positions .

In this approach , trade unions are viewed as pushing for wage increases in an attempt to gain a bigger and fairer share of the national income for their members .
in this approach , trade unions are viewed as pushing for wage increases in an [try] to gain a bigger and fairer share of the national income for their members .

We have seen that there are two main competing groups of theories which attempt to explain the rate of inflation .
we have seen that there are two main competing groups of theories which [try] to explain the rate of inflation .

Another attempt to depart saw us just make it around the airport pattern .
another [try] to depart saw us just make it around the airport pattern .

Italian pilot Mario Mazzucchelli is planning an attempt to fly around the world nonstop , passing over both Poles , and doing it solo .
italian pilot mario mazzucchelli is planning an [try] to fly around the world nonstop , passing over both poles , and doing it solo .

This more deliberate pattern-making may be in imitation of the teacher 's attempt or even at her suggestion .
this more deliberate pattern-making may be in imitation of the teacher 's [try] or even at her suggestion .

If , however , there is no attempt to copy a pattern , there is often more appreciation of shape in whatever is made — like the four-year-old who made a triangular shape from three strips and correctly named it , whilst another boy ( 3.9 ) named the second shape ( a square ) when he added a fourth strip to the original three .
if , however , there is no [try] to copy a pattern , there is often more appreciation of shape in whatever is made — like the four-year-old who made a triangular shape from three strips and correctly named it , whilst another boy ( 3.9 ) named the second shape ( a square ) when he added a fourth strip to the original three .

‘ It is a waste of time and money to send a member of staff on a course yet frustrate every attempt to use this new found knowledge . ’
‘ it is a waste of time and money to send a member of staff on a course yet frustrate every [try] to use this new found knowledge . ’

It will of course be impossible to attempt to evaluate an overall programme rather than assess a specific course , if no clear overall programme exists .
it will of course be impossible to [try] to evaluate an overall programme rather than assess a specific course , if no clear overall programme exists .

It is often a matter of trying to rationalise an individual 's request to go on courses rather than a positive management attempt to meet real training needs .
it is often a matter of trying to rationalise an individual 's request to go on courses rather than a positive management [try] to meet real training needs .

How do you normally respond to conflict situations such as differences of opinions , or when your goals clash with another ? Are you out to win ? Do you withdraw ? Do you become a martyr ? Give in ? Compromise ? Attempt to resolve the conflict ?
how do you normally respond to conflict situations such as differences of opinions , or when your goals clash with another ? are you out to win ? do you withdraw ? do you become a martyr ? give in ? compromise ? [try] to resolve the conflict ?

Do not attempt to organise them in any type of pattern other than under the major heading of asset or liability .
do not [try] to organise them in any type of pattern other than under the major heading of asset or liability .

Frequently husbands and wives will attempt to arouse each other in a way that would suit them personally and this causes problems .
frequently husbands and wives will [try] to arouse each other in a way that would suit them personally and this causes problems .

When Polish priests protested at these measures and at the attempt by schools ' inspectors to interfere in religious instruction , the government responded by arresting and exiling them .
when polish priests protested at these measures and at the [try] by schools ' inspectors to interfere in religious instruction , the government responded by arresting and exiling them .

The Junkers engineered the belief that any attempt to ditch them would leave Germany prey to communist take-over , to Jewish exploitation and subversion , and to a flood of Slav immigrants .
the junkers engineered the belief that any [try] to ditch them would leave germany prey to communist take-over , to jewish exploitation and subversion , and to a flood of slav immigrants .

To attempt to suppress the Party in Danzig would probably have united the Danzigers against the League .
to [try] to suppress the party in danzig would probably have united the danzigers against the league .

It is unwise to attempt to handle newly-born ferrets .
it is unwise to [try] to handle newly-born ferrets .

The first attempt to retrieve the lost ferret must be by the use of a line ferret fitted with a transmitting device .
the first [try] to retrieve the lost ferret must be by the use of a line ferret fitted with a transmitting device .

It seemed to us that two nettles had to be grasped : the first was to decide whether divorce law should attempt to remedy the ‘ injustice ’ meted out to ‘ innocent ’ spouses who are divorced against their will .
it seemed to us that two nettles had to be grasped : the first was to decide whether divorce law should [try] to remedy the ‘ injustice ’ meted out to ‘ innocent ’ spouses who are divorced against their will .

We therefore concluded that it was necessary to abandon any attempt to ‘ do justice ’ between the parties in the context of decree proceedings .
we therefore concluded that it was necessary to abandon any [try] to ‘ do justice ’ between the parties in the context of decree proceedings .

As for the yoof question , yes , there was an attempt to inject a certain spring into Mr Punch 's aged step .
as for the yoof question , yes , there was an [try] to inject a certain spring into mr punch 's aged step .

Each source contributed to the attempt to understand what dementia sufferers needed in order to help them stay at home .
each source contributed to the [try] to understand what dementia sufferers needed in order to help them stay at home .

To attempt to calculate the cost for the long-stay psychogeriatric wards in the particular hospitals in the project would have involved an observational study of all the staff who had an input , for example doctors , nurses , occupational therapists , social workers , community psychiatric nurses , etc to see how much time they spent directly with the patients in the long-stay wards and how much time they spent indirectly in work connected with these patients such as in case conferences , meetings , administrative work , telephone calls and so on .
to [try] to calculate the cost for the long-stay psychogeriatric wards in the particular hospitals in the project would have involved an observational study of all the staff who had an input , for example doctors , nurses , occupational therapists , social workers , community psychiatric nurses , etc to see how much time they spent directly with the patients in the long-stay wards and how much time they spent indirectly in work connected with these patients such as in case conferences , meetings , administrative work , telephone calls and so on .

It was recently transferred to Gloucestershire and elsewhere in an attempt to instigate an embryo transplant programme .
it was recently transferred to gloucestershire and elsewhere in an [try] to instigate an embryo transplant programme .

By the early 1960s only two small herds of perhaps a dozen pedigree animals remained and it was from these that the society , revived yet again in 1982 and with the help of various organisations including the Rare Breeds Survival Trust , formed a new herdbook in 1983 in an attempt to save the breed from extinction .
by the early 1960s only two small herds of perhaps a dozen pedigree animals remained and it was from these that the society , revived yet again in 1982 and with the help of various organisations including the rare breeds survival trust , formed a new herdbook in 1983 in an [try] to save the breed from extinction .

In spite of the attempt to introduce earlier maturity by means of the Shorthorn , the Charolais remains a late-maturing breed with the advantage that the animal is heavier before it begins to deposit fat , nor does it need hormones to put more meat on its hindquarters .
in spite of the [try] to introduce earlier maturity by means of the shorthorn , the charolais remains a late-maturing breed with the advantage that the animal is heavier before it begins to deposit fat , nor does it need hormones to put more meat on its hindquarters .

Before we go any further , it is important to point out here that it would be far too ambitious ( and potentially risky ) for the lay person and , indeed , the average aromatherapist , to attempt treating serious disorders with essential oils .
before we go any further , it is important to point out here that it would be far too ambitious ( and potentially risky ) for the lay person and , indeed , the average aromatherapist , to [try] treating serious disorders with essential oils .

The cure of the part should not be attempted without treatment of the whole , and also no attempt should be made to cure the body without the soul , and therefore if the head and body are to be well you must begin by curing the mind : that is the first thing … .
the cure of the part should not be attempted without treatment of the whole , and also no [try] should be made to cure the body without the soul , and therefore if the head and body are to be well you must begin by curing the mind : that is the first thing … .

Twitch bites have always been a problem , and the best answers have been to scale down tackle and bait to encourage a better bite , or to hover over the rod and attempt to strike and hit the twitch bite .
twitch bites have always been a problem , and the best answers have been to scale down tackle and bait to encourage a better bite , or to hover over the rod and [try] to strike and hit the twitch bite .

To develop more positive images of ageing in this way is not a contrived attempt to pursue attitudes which are unreal , but an effort to seek redress to the current imbalance created by ageism .
to develop more positive images of ageing in this way is not a contrived [try] to pursue attitudes which are unreal , but an effort to seek redress to the current imbalance created by ageism .

It was not until 1986 , when the Helen Hamlyn Foundation staged an exhibition called ‘ New Design for Old ’ in the Boiler House at the Victoria and Albert Museum , that any major co-ordinated attempt was made to encourage designers to think about products for older people .
it was not until 1986 , when the helen hamlyn foundation staged an exhibition called ‘ new design for old ’ in the boiler house at the victoria and albert museum , that any major co-ordinated [try] was made to encourage designers to think about products for older people .

When the Civil Service proceeded to the first comprehensive retirement programme in the 1850s , the justification for imposing the cowardly administrative convenience of an age barrier was how invidious it would have been to attempt any form of assessment .
when the civil service proceeded to the first comprehensive retirement programme in the 1850s , the justification for imposing the cowardly administrative convenience of an age barrier was how invidious it would have been to [try] any form of assessment .

The idea is not to attempt all these at once — rather they could be used as sections in a loose leaf file and added to at intervals .
the idea is not to [try] all these at once — rather they could be used as sections in a loose leaf file and added to at intervals .

None of the men made any attempt to escape when they struggled , subdued and shaken , on to the bank .
none of the men made any [try] to escape when they struggled , subdued and shaken , on to the bank .

Hinkin and another youth had gone to Alton railway station and made a ‘ half-hearted attempt ’ to break into the automatic machines there to obtain cash .
hinkin and another youth had gone to alton railway station and made a ‘ half-hearted [try] ’ to break into the automatic machines there to obtain cash .

His spiritualist interest began in late teens , and colours much of the work — notably an interesting poetic story about how he made a promise with a friend that whichever of them was first to the ‘ other side ’ would attempt to communicate to the other — and how it happened .
his spiritualist interest began in late teens , and colours much of the work — notably an interesting poetic story about how he made a promise with a friend that whichever of them was first to the ‘ other side ’ would [try] to communicate to the other — and how it happened .

Ralph Buckingham , of Shackleton troop , will be making his first attempt in the marathon 125 mile non-stop race .
ralph buckingham , of shackleton troop , will be making his first [try] in the marathon 125 mile non-stop race .

It was decided to enlist the help of East Hampshire District Council in an attempt to assess how best to tackle the problem .
it was decided to enlist the help of east hampshire district council in an [try] to assess how best to tackle the problem .

Victory was clinched when Lynn Marriner surged upfield and slipped a pass through to Oehlers who scored at the second attempt .
victory was clinched when lynn marriner surged upfield and slipped a pass through to oehlers who scored at the second [try] .

Farnham took the lead just after the interval when Musgrove netted at the second attempt after a good save from the 'keeper .
farnham took the lead just after the interval when musgrove netted at the second [try] after a good save from the 'keeper .

But it was Sir Norman Brook who identified what to 1980s eyes is the most startling of the missing links in the Cabinet process of the late forties : the lack of any systematic attempt to review long-term public-expenditure trends and the future spending-implications of current policies .
but it was sir norman brook who identified what to 1980s eyes is the most startling of the missing links in the cabinet process of the late forties : the lack of any systematic [try] to review long-term public-expenditure trends and the future spending-implications of current policies .

So much for Armstrong 's attempt at rationalization five years earlier .
so much for armstrong 's [try] at rationalization five years earlier .

His attempt to re-create it embraced both method and people .
his [try] to re-create it embraced both method and people .

The worst occasion from Churchill 's point of view occurred in July 1954 , after he had indulged in a piece of private diplomatic enterprise in an attempt to thaw the Cold War .
the worst occasion from churchill 's point of view occurred in july 1954 , after he had indulged in a piece of private diplomatic enterprise in an [try] to thaw the cold war .

The Reorganisation of Central Government marks the most systematic attempt to reform the mechanics of Cabinet government since Lloyd George .
the reorganisation of central government marks the most systematic [try] to reform the mechanics of cabinet government since lloyd george .

The subject is the possibility of an attempt to normalize relations with Argentina , not the sovereignty of the Falklands , which is the ‘ Great Unmentionable ’ of mid-eighties Whitehall .
the subject is the possibility of an [try] to normalize relations with argentina , not the sovereignty of the falklands , which is the ‘ great unmentionable ’ of mid-eighties whitehall .

In a last attempt to avoid this very un-English measure the Liberal Government introduced a scheme , organized by Lord Derby , whereby men ‘ attested ’ their willingness to serve if called upon .
in a last [try] to avoid this very un-english measure the liberal government introduced a scheme , organized by lord derby , whereby men ‘ attested ’ their willingness to serve if called upon .

Leeds , bereft of professional soccer despite the Lord Mayor 's gallant attempt to keep City a going concern outside the League , became the focus of attention of managers everywhere .
leeds , bereft of professional soccer despite the lord mayor 's gallant [try] to keep city a going concern outside the league , became the focus of attention of managers everywhere .

Dunne , Chapman 's last attempt to find a successor to Lambert , proved to be past his best , but Drake more than made up for lost time , scoring 42 League goals in 1934–5 , a club record for a single season .
dunne , chapman 's last [try] to find a successor to lambert , proved to be past his best , but drake more than made up for lost time , scoring 42 league goals in 1934–5 , a club record for a single season .

Before we look at these choices , the various types of service warrant an attempt at definition .
before we look at these choices , the various types of service warrant an [try] at definition .

No attempt is made in this book to give a comprehensive listing of important bibliographies .
no [try] is made in this book to give a comprehensive listing of important bibliographies .

Brown has made an interesting attempt to approach the situation from a more scientific basis .
brown has made an interesting [try] to approach the situation from a more scientific basis .

To what extent can any library system , of any type , attempt to acquire all the publications which might be relevant to its purpose ?
to what extent can any library system , of any type , [try] to acquire all the publications which might be relevant to its purpose ?

Then an attempt can be made to examine possible changes to the system and so influence social policy as a result of the first-hand experience of the clients .
then an [try] can be made to examine possible changes to the system and so influence social policy as a result of the first-hand experience of the clients .

Some attempt had to be made to build new links with the existing problem-based material even before the full implications for clients were known .
some [try] had to be made to build new links with the existing problem-based material even before the full implications for clients were known .

In the West Midlands there has been some attempt to classify the type of assistance given to each client into advice or support where support means that some action was taken by the advice worker .
in the west midlands there has been some [try] to classify the type of assistance given to each client into advice or support where support means that some action was taken by the advice worker .

This way they can attempt to address the problems of the estate on a community basis rather than individually .
this way they can [try] to address the problems of the estate on a community basis rather than individually .

The second stage may attempt to look afresh at the situation and to create new perspectives using lateral thinking and brain-storming .
the second stage may [try] to look afresh at the situation and to create new perspectives using lateral thinking and brain-storming .

Although it was more mundane than its northern contemporary , it had a greater influence on subsequent town planning because it was not conceived as industrial housing but as a genuine attempt to improve living conditions for the working classes and encourage independence .
although it was more mundane than its northern contemporary , it had a greater influence on subsequent town planning because it was not conceived as industrial housing but as a genuine [try] to improve living conditions for the working classes and encourage independence .

Comic account of an impoverished middle-aged bachelor 's attempt , initiated and organized by his prosperous friend , Gabriel Parsons , to capture the affections of a prim , well-to-do spinster , Miss Lillerton .
comic account of an impoverished middle-aged bachelor 's [try] , initiated and organized by his prosperous friend , gabriel parsons , to capture the affections of a prim , well-to-do spinster , miss lillerton .

They emigrate to Australia , and do not learn till long afterwards that Ham has died in a vain attempt to save a drowning man , who turns out to be Steerforth .
they emigrate to australia , and do not learn till long afterwards that ham has died in a vain [try] to save a drowning man , who turns out to be steerforth .

Riderhood becomes a lock-keeper at Plashwater Weir and discovers Headstone 's attempt to murder Wrayburn .
riderhood becomes a lock-keeper at plashwater weir and discovers headstone 's [try] to murder wrayburn .

The Jew makes use of him in an unsuccessful attempt to turn Oliver into a criminal , and is able to convince him that Nancy , whom he trusts , has betrayed them all and must die .
the jew makes use of him in an unsuccessful [try] to turn oliver into a criminal , and is able to convince him that nancy , whom he trusts , has betrayed them all and must die .

He pens his ‘ Explanation ’ in his old age in an attempt to explain to himself what went wrong in his life , and how his always acting from the highest , most unselfish motives brought him no happiness but only pain and alienation .
he pens his ‘ explanation ’ in his old age in an [try] to explain to himself what went wrong in his life , and how his always acting from the highest , most unselfish motives brought him no happiness but only pain and alienation .

It helped me in my desperate attempt to respect his judgement .
it helped me in my desperate [try] to respect his judgement .

Put another way , after human slaves have been liberated , then one might attempt to argue that a fair way to decide between competing social policies is to count everyone 's interests and count equal interests equally .
put another way , after human slaves have been liberated , then one might [try] to argue that a fair way to decide between competing social policies is to count everyone 's interests and count equal interests equally .

The attempt to choose between them is an unreal project .
the [try] to choose between them is an unreal project .

Neither moral integrity nor logical consistency compels us to attempt it .
neither moral integrity nor logical consistency compels us to [try] it .

Of course , if we observe injury or disease in a human , we attempt to cure it .
of course , if we observe injury or disease in a human , we [try] to cure it .

Of course , if we hear a fellow human complain of pain , we attempt to help .
of course , if we hear a fellow human complain of pain , we [try] to help .

In short , a mere breakdown in a working relationship does not in itself justify dismissal unless , after a reasonable attempt to effect a reconciliation , it is found to be beyond remedy .
in short , a mere breakdown in a working relationship does not in itself justify dismissal unless , after a reasonable [try] to effect a reconciliation , it is found to be beyond remedy .

Thus , a clause in your contract to the effect that your employment will ‘ automatically terminate ’ , if , for example , you fail to return to work on the due date after a period of leave , is likely to be regarded as an invalid attempt to ‘ contract out ’ of modern job security laws .
thus , a clause in your contract to the effect that your employment will ‘ automatically terminate ’ , if , for example , you fail to return to work on the due date after a period of leave , is likely to be regarded as an invalid [try] to ‘ contract out ’ of modern job security laws .

Coleridge said in later life that the farmhouse to which he now retreated was called Brimstone ( no doubt a Coleridgean attempt at Broomstreet , which stood two miles west of the combe ) .
coleridge said in later life that the farmhouse to which he now retreated was called brimstone ( no doubt a coleridgean [try] at broomstreet , which stood two miles west of the combe ) .

Dorothy 's own attempt to preserve something from those final Somerset months produced a document more private , but hardly less remarkable .
dorothy 's own [try] to preserve something from those final somerset months produced a document more private , but hardly less remarkable .

Sir Denys had little doubt that the coming months seem set to be as difficult as 1991 was for most countries , ‘ It would not be prudent at this stage to attempt to predict when recovery might begin ’ , he said , ‘ But when it comes , it is very likely to be gradual ’ .
sir denys had little doubt that the coming months seem set to be as difficult as 1991 was for most countries , ‘ it would not be prudent at this stage to [try] to predict when recovery might begin ’ , he said , ‘ but when it comes , it is very likely to be gradual ’ .

Proposals for a merger of interests in the Medlock patent with the French company Reynard Frères — in an attempt to satisfy demand for the magenta dye — were unsuccessful .
proposals for a merger of interests in the medlock patent with the french company reynard frères — in an [try] to satisfy demand for the magenta dye — were unsuccessful .

One should attempt to withhold all conventional hypotensive agents for as long as possible as they will tend to exacerbate the postural hypotension .
one should [try] to withhold all conventional hypotensive agents for as long as possible as they will tend to exacerbate the postural hypotension .

The hydrocarbon prospects of the Variscan thrust belt in southern England can be examined from two angles : by analogy with results in the better explored lateral equivalents of the belt on the Continent and more particularly in eastern North America , and by an attempt to reconstruct the geometry and burial history of the pre-Permian rocks in the area of interest from the limited local clues available .
the hydrocarbon prospects of the variscan thrust belt in southern england can be examined from two angles : by analogy with results in the better explored lateral equivalents of the belt on the continent and more particularly in eastern north america , and by an [try] to reconstruct the geometry and burial history of the pre-permian rocks in the area of interest from the limited local clues available .

An attempt to explain the Symon Unconformity by the lateral heat flow phenomenon is shown in Fig .
an [try] to explain the symon unconformity by the lateral heat flow phenomenon is shown in fig .

8 is an attempt to present the burial history of Carboniferous sediments believed to underlie the Larne Basin .
8 is an [try] to present the burial history of carboniferous sediments believed to underlie the larne basin .

Furthermore , even where valid structures have been drilled , rocks of poor reservoir quality have been found but this my be due to the fact that no attempt has been made to select the structures with the best reservoir potential .
furthermore , even where valid structures have been drilled , rocks of poor reservoir quality have been found but this my be due to the fact that no [try] has been made to select the structures with the best reservoir potential .

The problem arises from the attempt to represent space-time on a two-dimensional diagram .
the problem arises from the [try] to represent space-time on a two-dimensional diagram .

In many ways it would be preferable to attempt to picture a three-dimensional structure as in Figure 8.3 .
in many ways it would be preferable to [try] to picture a three-dimensional structure as in figure 8.3 .

It is also appropriate to attempt to relate this general singularity structure to some initial hypersurface on which the initial Cauchy data for the colliding wave problem is specified .
it is also appropriate to [try] to relate this general singularity structure to some initial hypersurface on which the initial cauchy data for the colliding wave problem is specified .

The non-linearity of this equation introduces considerable difficulty into any attempt at solving the general problem .
the non-linearity of this equation introduces considerable difficulty into any [try] at solving the general problem .

They will attempt to differentiate their products .
they will [try] to differentiate their products .

The researchers were not able to make early judgements about the ‘ success ’ or ‘ failure ’ of this attempt and noted that the most striking find was diversity of impact .
the researchers were not able to make early judgements about the ‘ success ’ or ‘ failure ’ of this [try] and noted that the most striking find was diversity of impact .

The words used by the testator did not set up a trust , for they represented not testation with respect to his own property ( which would , of course , have been legitimate ) but an attempt to deprive one of his daughters of her right to free testation .
the words used by the testator did not set up a trust , for they represented not testation with respect to his own property ( which would , of course , have been legitimate ) but an [try] to deprive one of his daughters of her right to free testation .

Here too negative arguments can be adduced : it is hard to see on what basis the testator can legitimately attempt to limit his daughter 's right of testation ; it is improper to dictate the terms of the will of another person .
here too negative arguments can be adduced : it is hard to see on what basis the testator can legitimately [try] to limit his daughter 's right of testation ; it is improper to dictate the terms of the will of another person .

If we attempt to sum up the character of these innovations , we must say that they are practical but unprincipled .
if we [try] to sum up the character of these innovations , we must say that they are practical but unprincipled .

‘ Good , ’ he said with forced cheerfulness , and sat back in an attempt to enjoy the entertainment .
‘ good , ’ he said with forced cheerfulness , and sat back in an [try] to enjoy the entertainment .

He had changed his uniform for civilian dress , and was wearing a monocle in an absurd attempt at disguise , but he , Fedorov , was not deceived .
he had changed his uniform for civilian dress , and was wearing a monocle in an absurd [try] at disguise , but he , fedorov , was not deceived .

No doubt the dead man had returned in an unsuccessful attempt to save his friend from a similar fate .
no doubt the dead man had returned in an unsuccessful [try] to save his friend from a similar fate .

An attempt to capture as much sound from a piano as possible .
an [try] to capture as much sound from a piano as possible .

54 An Edison-Bell Picturegram of 1927 , an early attempt at audio-visual entertainment .
54 an edison-bell picturegram of 1927 , an early [try] at audio-visual entertainment .

The brain should never be given contradictory clues when we attempt to reproduce any of the senses .
the brain should never be given contradictory clues when we [try] to reproduce any of the senses .

Any disagreements between members of the two Houses and the official records are carefully looked into and such is the integrity of the record that any attempt to alter it , except for errors , would undoubtedly result in a national scandal .
any disagreements between members of the two houses and the official records are carefully looked into and such is the integrity of the record that any [try] to alter it , except for errors , would undoubtedly result in a national scandal .

For our purposes , the distinction could be that a diary is written at the time of the event , memoirs are a writer 's recollections of a particular period ( perhaps aided by diaries ) in which he was not necessarily the central character , while an autobiography is an attempt to give a systematic and chronological record of the author 's life , with himself at the centre of the story .
for our purposes , the distinction could be that a diary is written at the time of the event , memoirs are a writer 's recollections of a particular period ( perhaps aided by diaries ) in which he was not necessarily the central character , while an autobiography is an [try] to give a systematic and chronological record of the author 's life , with himself at the centre of the story .

Participant observation , then , is an attempt to put both observer and observed on the same side by making the former a member of the group so that he can experience what they experience and work within their frame of reference .
participant observation , then , is an [try] to put both observer and observed on the same side by making the former a member of the group so that he can experience what they experience and work within their frame of reference .

We have all had these emotions but when they reach such a pitch that our suppression of them can not cope , we explode , turning against whoever or whatever is in our way in an attempt to destroy it .
we have all had these emotions but when they reach such a pitch that our suppression of them can not cope , we explode , turning against whoever or whatever is in our way in an [try] to destroy it .

There is a purpose in the negative force 's attempt to use you as a pawn .
there is a purpose in the negative force 's [try] to use you as a pawn .

An array of sanctions — ‘ fizzers ’ , ‘ on the peg ’ — informal and formal , regulated the beat in an attempt to produce a display of robotic precision and efficiency .
an array of sanctions — ‘ fizzers ’ , ‘ on the peg ’ — informal and formal , regulated the beat in an [try] to produce a display of robotic precision and efficiency .

The attempt will fail .
the [try] will fail .

The expert used a ouija board in an attempt to contact the spirit that was believed to be tormenting them .
the expert used a ouija board in an [try] to contact the spirit that was believed to be tormenting them .

Without going into any further detail it can be concluded that prey composition must be used cautiously in any attempt to identify predators by their prey assemblages .
without going into any further detail it can be concluded that prey composition must be used cautiously in any [try] to identify predators by their prey assemblages .

He did not , like them , attempt to enter on a ruinous competition with the new mode of conveyance , but on the contrary adapted himself to changed circumstances , and became a railway carriage builder .
he did not , like them , [try] to enter on a ruinous competition with the new mode of conveyance , but on the contrary adapted himself to changed circumstances , and became a railway carriage builder .

Johnny McNichol came to Selhurst Park in March 1958 as Manager Cyril Spiers ' last desperate attempt to prevent the Palace from becoming founder members of the new national 4th Division , which was to be formed from the clubs in the bottom halves of the regional 3rd Divisions of 1957–58 .
johnny mcnichol came to selhurst park in march 1958 as manager cyril spiers ' last desperate [try] to prevent the palace from becoming founder members of the new national 4th division , which was to be formed from the clubs in the bottom halves of the regional 3rd divisions of 1957–58 .

Peter Wall was a fast and clever full-back whom Manager Bert Head brought to Selhurst Park to add proven 1st Division quality to Palace 's defence in the summer of 1970 , in an attempt to avoid further embarrassment for the club in Division One .
peter wall was a fast and clever full-back whom manager bert head brought to selhurst park to add proven 1st division quality to palace 's defence in the summer of 1970 , in an [try] to avoid further embarrassment for the club in division one .

They must attempt to innovate over a very broad front using people and structures which are still firmly in place from the ancien régime .
they must [try] to innovate over a very broad front using people and structures which are still firmly in place from the ancien régime .

What an international perspective can add is a sense of the contradictions or points of stress in the new structures : the attempt to shift the whole system by floods of detailed description and prescription and the consequent overloading of channels of communication ; the preoccupation with assessment to the point where it may overwhelm the teaching ; the ambivalent character of statutory syllabuses as being at once central regulation and individual entitlement ; the potentially disruptive and anomalous role of governing bodies which may act simply as local guardians of centrally determined norms , but may also be educated to accept more subtle and flexible views of what schools can and should do , and may develop the political clout to do something about it .
what an international perspective can add is a sense of the contradictions or points of stress in the new structures : the [try] to shift the whole system by floods of detailed description and prescription and the consequent overloading of channels of communication ; the preoccupation with assessment to the point where it may overwhelm the teaching ; the ambivalent character of statutory syllabuses as being at once central regulation and individual entitlement ; the potentially disruptive and anomalous role of governing bodies which may act simply as local guardians of centrally determined norms , but may also be educated to accept more subtle and flexible views of what schools can and should do , and may develop the political clout to do something about it .

The idea of entitlement probably represents an attempt , during a much longer debate about the need for a ‘ national ’ curriculum , to bring into focus the child 's individual needs and rights : it is needed to counterbalance any propensity towards the state 's collective needs — totalitarianism if you will — which a move towards a nationally prescribed curriculum might bring with it .
the idea of entitlement probably represents an [try] , during a much longer debate about the need for a ‘ national ’ curriculum , to bring into focus the child 's individual needs and rights : it is needed to counterbalance any propensity towards the state 's collective needs — totalitarianism if you will — which a move towards a nationally prescribed curriculum might bring with it .

It is of course possible to attempt to meet the second objection through the construction of checks and balances , principally through the National Curriculum Council and the Schools Examination and Assessment Council .
it is of course possible to [try] to meet the second objection through the construction of checks and balances , principally through the national curriculum council and the schools examination and assessment council .

The nearest attempt to a child 's entitlement expressed by adults on their behalf lies in the United Nations Charter .
the nearest [try] to a child 's entitlement expressed by adults on their behalf lies in the united nations charter .

more often than not it lacks continuity and progression or any serious attempt to ensure that adequate time and attention are given to the elements said to comprise the topic .
more often than not it lacks continuity and progression or any serious [try] to ensure that adequate time and attention are given to the elements said to comprise the topic .

The attempt is laudable and worthy of imitation .
the [try] is laudable and worthy of imitation .

But , since he was Professor ( or , as we would now call him , Principal ) at the Veterinary College for over 45 years , and Principal Army Veterinary Surgeon for nearly 43 years , and since in these positions he inevitably greatly influenced the development of our College and profession , an attempt at a balanced re-appraisal seems worthwhile .
but , since he was professor ( or , as we would now call him , principal ) at the veterinary college for over 45 years , and principal army veterinary surgeon for nearly 43 years , and since in these positions he inevitably greatly influenced the development of our college and profession , an [try] at a balanced re-appraisal seems worthwhile .

Even so , Coleman did not attempt the then unachievable , and claim equality with the medical profession .
even so , coleman did not [try] the then unachievable , and claim equality with the medical profession .

It was proposed that the College should attempt systematically to buy in diseased animals , perhaps appointing a special member of staff for that purpose , but nothing came of this , nor of a linked suggestion that students ' fees should be increased to allow relevant staff increases .
it was proposed that the college should [try] systematically to buy in diseased animals , perhaps appointing a special member of staff for that purpose , but nothing came of this , nor of a linked suggestion that students ' fees should be increased to allow relevant staff increases .

The scope for misunderstanding and the possibility of simply giving up the attempt increases hugely when the less tangible , less definable aims and outcomes of partnerships are considered .
the scope for misunderstanding and the possibility of simply giving up the [try] increases hugely when the less tangible , less definable aims and outcomes of partnerships are considered .

However , the opening attempt at such a panorama , even if well observed , can only be provisional .
however , the opening [try] at such a panorama , even if well observed , can only be provisional .

In one instance various methods were contemplated to abate the odour from a maggot farm without success , catalytic incineration finally proving successful , and in another extreme case a company carried out the following trials , without success , in an attempt to abate the odour emanating from their factory :
in one instance various methods were contemplated to abate the odour from a maggot farm without success , catalytic incineration finally proving successful , and in another extreme case a company carried out the following trials , without success , in an [try] to abate the odour emanating from their factory :

Although the incidence was not high , an attempt was made to discover when such constructions might be likely to occur .
although the incidence was not high , an [try] was made to discover when such constructions might be likely to occur .

Using two sets of findings on the comprehension of anaphoric expressions , we attempt to provide a more specific interpretation for this statement .
using two sets of findings on the comprehension of anaphoric expressions , we [try] to provide a more specific interpretation for this statement .

This is such hard work that you may decide that it is n't worth the effort and abandon your attempt to acquire the skills in question .
this is such hard work that you may decide that it is n't worth the effort and abandon your [try] to acquire the skills in question .

The discovery of the Sulphonamide drugs by Messrs May and Baker on their 693rd attempt revolutionised our records .
the discovery of the sulphonamide drugs by messrs may and baker on their 693rd [try] revolutionised our records .

In particular , both argue that reorganization was part of an attempt to adjust systems of representation to fit with the social and economic structures of the late twentieth century .
in particular , both argue that reorganization was part of an [try] to adjust systems of representation to fit with the social and economic structures of the late twentieth century .

These corporations are non-elected and , although an attempt is made to ensure some representation of different interests at board levels , their tasks are clearly defined in advance in terms of development and infrastructure .
these corporations are non-elected and , although an [try] is made to ensure some representation of different interests at board levels , their tasks are clearly defined in advance in terms of development and infrastructure .

Every attempt by local government to evade central spending restrictions has been met by a new rule to make evasion more difficult .
every [try] by local government to evade central spending restrictions has been met by a new rule to make evasion more difficult .

You should now attempt a similar process in looking at reforms proposed for primary and secondary education in England and Wales at the end of the '80s .
you should now [try] a similar process in looking at reforms proposed for primary and secondary education in england and wales at the end of the '80s .

An attempt to develop the idea of analysing local politics as the urban politics of collective consumption has also been made by Peter Saunders ( 1981 , 1984 , 1986 ) , and working in conjunction with Alan Cawson ( Cawson and Saunders , 1983 ) .
an [try] to develop the idea of analysing local politics as the urban politics of collective consumption has also been made by peter saunders ( 1981 , 1984 , 1986 ) , and working in conjunction with alan cawson ( cawson and saunders , 1983 ) .

The problems of analysing real events using such a rigid divide between the national/local scale , production/consumption issues and corporatist/pluralist type of politics are only increased by Saunders ' recent attempt ( 1985 ) to provide urban sociology with a distinctive disciplinary focus of study .
the problems of analysing real events using such a rigid divide between the national/local scale , production/consumption issues and corporatist/pluralist type of politics are only increased by saunders ' recent [try] ( 1985 ) to provide urban sociology with a distinctive disciplinary focus of study .

One of the merits of the dual state thesis is its explicit attempt to place the understanding of local politics into a wider analytical framework .
one of the merits of the dual state thesis is its explicit [try] to place the understanding of local politics into a wider analytical framework .

And why bother with all the political tension and uncertainty in the latest attempt to reduce local autonomy , which was detailed in Chapter 4 ?
and why bother with all the political tension and uncertainty in the latest [try] to reduce local autonomy , which was detailed in chapter 4 ?

The centre will , however , often ‘ attempt to neutralise the influences of local interests in local states ’ ( Duncan and Goodwin , 1988 , p. 41 ) , and we claim such an attempt has taken place from 1979 to 1988 and that it is this which lies behind the current restructuring of local-central government relations .
the centre will , however , often ‘ [try] to neutralise the influences of local interests in local states ’ ( duncan and goodwin , 1988 , p. 41 ) , and we claim such an [try] has taken place from 1979 to 1988 and that it is this which lies behind the current restructuring of local-central government relations .

First , publicity and advertising extols the virtues of one area over another , in an attempt to attract firms which are beginning , expanding or relocating .
first , publicity and advertising extols the virtues of one area over another , in an [try] to attract firms which are beginning , expanding or relocating .

Similarly , the attempt to remove barriers to investment has merely led to their redistribution , for instead of paying rates inside Enterprise Zones firms pay higher rents and property prices ( Erikson and Syms , 1986 ) .
similarly , the [try] to remove barriers to investment has merely led to their redistribution , for instead of paying rates inside enterprise zones firms pay higher rents and property prices ( erikson and syms , 1986 ) .

Schools are not static institutions , and good schools have always questioned their practice in an attempt to improve the quality of their provision .
schools are not static institutions , and good schools have always questioned their practice in an [try] to improve the quality of their provision .

This is not to suggest that an attempt at measurement is not worthwhile , just that it may not be as simple as some raw figures suggest .
this is not to suggest that an [try] at measurement is not worthwhile , just that it may not be as simple as some raw figures suggest .

The compiling of attendance figures is another objective measure taken seriously in many schools , in an attempt to assess both curricular and pastoral provision .
the compiling of attendance figures is another objective measure taken seriously in many schools , in an [try] to assess both curricular and pastoral provision .

In an attempt to demonstrate the benefits two heads cited improvements in public exam results as performance indicators .
in an [try] to demonstrate the benefits two heads cited improvements in public exam results as performance indicators .

Many of the heads had made an active move towards involving more people ( even all staff in one school ) in an attempt to make more staff aware of the need to plan finance as a ‘ whole-school issue ’ and to prioritise resource needs .
many of the heads had made an active move towards involving more people ( even all staff in one school ) in an [try] to make more staff aware of the need to plan finance as a ‘ whole-school issue ’ and to prioritise resource needs .

Everything seemed ideal for his attempt , and with sudden resolution he hauled himself up on to the shelf above the door and manoeuvred around gingerly until he was able to stand up .
everything seemed ideal for his [try] , and with sudden resolution he hauled himself up on to the shelf above the door and manoeuvred around gingerly until he was able to stand up .

The attempt here is to answer the question ‘ which is the ‘ real ’ problem/failure/fault ?
the [try] here is to answer the question ‘ which is the ‘ real ’ problem/failure/fault ?

We have reason to believe an attempt has already been made , by the Russians .
we have reason to believe an [try] has already been made , by the russians .

His attempt at a joke misfired .
his [try] at a joke misfired .

His face screwed up into what Delaney thought was pain , but suddenly realised it was an attempt at a grin .
his face screwed up into what delaney thought was pain , but suddenly realised it was an [try] at a grin .

John had made quite a serious attempt to stop him joining the mining expedition , and then had dropped it .
john had made quite a serious [try] to stop him joining the mining expedition , and then had dropped it .

Which meant that the one we wore , in an attempt to suit every style , suited none of them .
which meant that the one we wore , in an [try] to suit every style , suited none of them .

’ Kelly made an unconvincing attempt at cheerfulness .
’ kelly made an unconvincing [try] at cheerfulness .

At the third attempt , he managed to stand up .
at the third [try] , he managed to stand up .

Best of all , perhaps , was his splendid spoonerism that came from an ambitious attempt to say of one player , ‘ He 's sticking out his bottom — like someone sitting on a shooting stick . ’
best of all , perhaps , was his splendid spoonerism that came from an ambitious [try] to say of one player , ‘ he 's sticking out his bottom — like someone sitting on a shooting stick . ’

In an attempt to curb speeding motorists on a stretch of highway in Pennsylvania , the local police erected a sign that read ‘ Caution — Nudists Crossing ’ .
in an [try] to curb speeding motorists on a stretch of highway in pennsylvania , the local police erected a sign that read ‘ caution — nudists crossing ’ .

He would not attempt to vindicate the incorrect manner in which he had acted and sincerely lamented .
he would not [try] to vindicate the incorrect manner in which he had acted and sincerely lamented .

The Times was highly critical of what it called ‘ these usurious companies ’ , but their creation was a genuine attempt by the government of the day to provide the less privileged members of society with a state money-lender which hopefully they would find more trustworthy than the neighbourhood pawnbroker ; and presumably each society 's secretary was able to provide some kind of money management advice to those who needed it .
the times was highly critical of what it called ‘ these usurious companies ’ , but their creation was a genuine [try] by the government of the day to provide the less privileged members of society with a state money-lender which hopefully they would find more trustworthy than the neighbourhood pawnbroker ; and presumably each society 's secretary was able to provide some kind of money management advice to those who needed it .

When , in an attempt to arrest the drop in profits from their schemes , Lloyds unilaterally changed the terms of its Access credit card by introducing a £12 annual fee , they received a severe reprimand from the Office of Fair Trading .
when , in an [try] to arrest the drop in profits from their schemes , lloyds unilaterally changed the terms of its access credit card by introducing a £12 annual fee , they received a severe reprimand from the office of fair trading .

This was given by Mrs Jean Mellonie , Jean Farrow as she was in 1939 when , aged nineteen and at her third attempt , she became the first woman ever to win the race and in record time despite rain and hail .
this was given by mrs jean mellonie , jean farrow as she was in 1939 when , aged nineteen and at her third [try] , she became the first woman ever to win the race and in record time despite rain and hail .

It had been a brave attempt and was recognised as such .
it had been a brave [try] and was recognised as such .

There is no licence for the sale of alcohol at today 's fairs , in an attempt to curb the drinking which was such a feature in the past .
there is no licence for the sale of alcohol at today 's fairs , in an [try] to curb the drinking which was such a feature in the past .

Bambi smiled thinly , and Sheridan said in a loud voice that he thought the whole thing was stupid ; everyone knew there had n't been any goddam kidnap attempt and why did n't Zak stop messing around and piss off .
bambi smiled thinly , and sheridan said in a loud voice that he thought the whole thing was stupid ; everyone knew there had n't been any goddam kidnap [try] and why did n't zak stop messing around and piss off .

Interestingly he made no attempt to save the seat for Daffodil , but seemed to echo Mrs Young 's enquiries about how Xanthe had slept .
interestingly he made no [try] to save the seat for daffodil , but seemed to echo mrs young 's enquiries about how xanthe had slept .

He blocks any attempt she makes to discover his role or intentions in all this .
he blocks any [try] she makes to discover his role or intentions in all this .

Hitachi , with its partners Maxwell and Matsushita , has come up with a disc the same size , while a third combine headed by Seagate has opted for 3¼ inch ( 7–8 cm ) in an attempt to head off the Japanese competition .
hitachi , with its partners maxwell and matsushita , has come up with a disc the same size , while a third combine headed by seagate has opted for 3¼ inch ( 7–8 cm ) in an [try] to head off the japanese competition .

Minds hierarchies , and an attempt to reinstate the concept of purpose in science : it all raises echoes of Arthur Koestler 's The Ghost in the Machine .
minds hierarchies , and an [try] to reinstate the concept of purpose in science : it all raises echoes of arthur koestler 's the ghost in the machine .

What is not rubbish is that an attempt to operate modern cars on low octane fuel for any extended period of time is likely to have very severe consequences for the engine .
what is not rubbish is that an [try] to operate modern cars on low octane fuel for any extended period of time is likely to have very severe consequences for the engine .

In their view , the automatic machinery was unreliable and the management was wrong to attempt to wrest controls from the shop-floor .
in their view , the automatic machinery was unreliable and the management was wrong to [try] to wrest controls from the shop-floor .

The one major attempt at international cooperation has turned sour .
the one major [try] at international cooperation has turned sour .

But meanwhile clearance for the dam continues and the likely new environment minister , Barry Jones , says he may attempt to get a court injunction to halt work .
but meanwhile clearance for the dam continues and the likely new environment minister , barry jones , says he may [try] to get a court injunction to halt work .

Yet this is the first serious attempt to write about the revolution since the heyday of the early 1970s .
yet this is the first serious [try] to write about the revolution since the heyday of the early 1970s .

On the other hand , there are philistines who apparently believe that all new ideas , no matter how subtle , can be conveyed in the terms they happened to have picked up at their mother 's knee , and reject any attempt to expand the language into areas beyond the nursery .
on the other hand , there are philistines who apparently believe that all new ideas , no matter how subtle , can be conveyed in the terms they happened to have picked up at their mother 's knee , and reject any [try] to expand the language into areas beyond the nursery .

The federal government has spent $ 2–8 million drilling 1635 holes , injecting 122 556 tons of fly ash , and flushing 117 220 yards of sand into the burning tunnels in an attempt to put out the fire .
the federal government has spent $ 2–8 million drilling 1635 holes , injecting 122 556 tons of fly ash , and flushing 117 220 yards of sand into the burning tunnels in an [try] to put out the fire .

Ten years ago , in the attempt to prove that the mammalian brain naturally contained a substance with opiate-like activity , Kosterlitz 's colleague John Hughes regularly got up at 4 o'clock in the morning , collected pigs ' brains from a slaughterhouse and pulverised them with a steel rod in the basement toilet of a laboratory in Aberdeen .
ten years ago , in the [try] to prove that the mammalian brain naturally contained a substance with opiate-like activity , kosterlitz 's colleague john hughes regularly got up at 4 o'clock in the morning , collected pigs ' brains from a slaughterhouse and pulverised them with a steel rod in the basement toilet of a laboratory in aberdeen .

Indeed , there is a danger that , in the very attempt to entertain its public , a museum may well be tempted to treat its subject matter in a superficial and even frivolous way .
indeed , there is a danger that , in the very [try] to entertain its public , a museum may well be tempted to treat its subject matter in a superficial and even frivolous way .

This inevitably means that any attempt to analyse macrosociological data — aggregate national statistics for levels of income and unemployment , trends in infant mortality and the like — is bound to give rise to controversy .
this inevitably means that any [try] to analyse macrosociological data — aggregate national statistics for levels of income and unemployment , trends in infant mortality and the like — is bound to give rise to controversy .

In other respects the book has changed little and there is no attempt to deal with organic synthesis in its own right .
in other respects the book has changed little and there is no [try] to deal with organic synthesis in its own right .

Nearly all undergraduate texts on special relativity attempt to display the novel physical concepts of the theory at minimal mathematical cost .
nearly all undergraduate texts on special relativity [try] to display the novel physical concepts of the theory at minimal mathematical cost .

The flaw — the quantitative fallacy — results from the all-pervading relativism of the age , and the attempt to replace value judgements by objective , scientific evaluation ( for a time , in the 1960s the phrase ‘ value judgement ’ was the pejorative put-down ) .
the flaw — the quantitative fallacy — results from the all-pervading relativism of the age , and the [try] to replace value judgements by objective , scientific evaluation ( for a time , in the 1960s the phrase ‘ value judgement ’ was the pejorative put-down ) .

We also attempt to weave the plant into the local economic fabric by helping local firms to take part in its construction and by training local people so that they can be employed to work on the project .
we also [try] to weave the plant into the local economic fabric by helping local firms to take part in its construction and by training local people so that they can be employed to work on the project .

The 1882 act was the first attempt at an effective conservation law in Britain ; it is the father of all the legislation which protects not just ancient monuments and historic buildings but also sites of scientific importance .
the 1882 act was the first [try] at an effective conservation law in britain ; it is the father of all the legislation which protects not just ancient monuments and historic buildings but also sites of scientific importance .

Our second attempt to embrace the computer age — as our pages frequently urge our readers to do — is a lot more sophisticated .
our second [try] to embrace the computer age — as our pages frequently urge our readers to do — is a lot more sophisticated .

Any attempt to open up the convolutions of farm policy to public scrutiny is bound to be seen as a threat to those with an interest in the status quo .
any [try] to open up the convolutions of farm policy to public scrutiny is bound to be seen as a threat to those with an interest in the status quo .

Richard Body has made a brave attempt to shed the mythology and propaganda , and to expose farming objectives to public debate .
richard body has made a brave [try] to shed the mythology and propaganda , and to expose farming objectives to public debate .

‘ If a woman did not become pregnant after the first transfer attempt , any frozen embryos could be thawed and transferred in a subsequent menstrual cycle , ’ he said .
‘ if a woman did not become pregnant after the first transfer [try] , any frozen embryos could be thawed and transferred in a subsequent menstrual cycle , ’ he said .

The ships will form the tenth mine countermeasures squadron , based at Rosyth on the Firth of forth , where they would attempt to keep the sea lanes clear for Britain 's nuclear hunter-killer submarines .
the ships will form the tenth mine countermeasures squadron , based at rosyth on the firth of forth , where they would [try] to keep the sea lanes clear for britain 's nuclear hunter-killer submarines .

The 20-page text makes a valiant attempt to comprehend wildfowl biology .
the 20-page text makes a valiant [try] to comprehend wildfowl biology .

The operation at Harefield last week was not an attempt to replace the entire heart .
the operation at harefield last week was not an [try] to replace the entire heart .

The doctors made monoclonal antibodies against the attacking white cells in the transfused blood and Bryan 's parents agreed to try the treatment in a desperate attempt to save him .
the doctors made monoclonal antibodies against the attacking white cells in the transfused blood and bryan 's parents agreed to try the treatment in a desperate [try] to save him .

‘ Papert asks why half the population are maths phobics , afraid of numbers , and woolly headed about abstract concepts , ’ the narrator announced Any suspicion that this was the preface to yet another attempt to instil numeracy via some twist of new math , quickly disappeared .
‘ papert asks why half the population are maths phobics , afraid of numbers , and woolly headed about abstract concepts , ’ the narrator announced any suspicion that this was the preface to yet another [try] to instil numeracy via some twist of new math , quickly disappeared .

Another man , again in an official car , was a bit late spotting the photographer and , as he turned into the car park , made a halfhearted attempt to pull on his seat belt .
another man , again in an official car , was a bit late spotting the photographer and , as he turned into the car park , made a halfhearted [try] to pull on his seat belt .

The attempt by the Americans to retain control over both military and industrial use of atomic energy , doomed to failure as it was , runs like a thread through this fascinating memoir .
the [try] by the americans to retain control over both military and industrial use of atomic energy , doomed to failure as it was , runs like a thread through this fascinating memoir .

Congratulations on your success — at the second attempt !
congratulations on your success — at the second [try] !

The incubation is part of a last-ditch attempt to establish a mating programme to save the huge Californian bird , which has dwindled to about 20 birds ( New Scientist , 20 January , p 142 ) .
the incubation is part of a last-ditch [try] to establish a mating programme to save the huge californian bird , which has dwindled to about 20 birds ( new scientist , 20 january , p 142 ) .

Hard line General Menendez was commanding the troops on the Falklands , while Thatcher said that any attempt to breach the blockade would mean hostilities .
hard line general menendez was commanding the troops on the falklands , while thatcher said that any [try] to breach the blockade would mean hostilities .

Medicine turned to the bump-readers for ideas , in an attempt to make doctors ‘ thinking animals ’ .
medicine turned to the bump-readers for ideas , in an [try] to make doctors ‘ thinking animals ’ .

An attempt in the 1970s to resurrect the battery bus also had mixed fortunes .
an [try] in the 1970s to resurrect the battery bus also had mixed fortunes .

Theories that attempt to unite Nature 's forces within one framework suggest that monopoles should have been produced in the early stages of the Universe : and just over a year ago Blas Cabrera , a researcher at Stanford University , thought he might have found one ( New Scientist .
theories that [try] to unite nature 's forces within one framework suggest that monopoles should have been produced in the early stages of the universe : and just over a year ago blas cabrera , a researcher at stanford university , thought he might have found one ( new scientist .

Cosslett is far from convincing in her attempt to modify the view that Victorian science was a major element in Hardy 's gloomy outlook on the Universe .
cosslett is far from convincing in her [try] to modify the view that victorian science was a major element in hardy 's gloomy outlook on the universe .

Jennifer Owen argues convincingly that this amounts to a very significant area of habitat , she shows clearly and simply how it may be improved , and for the dedicated wildlife gardener she says enough to encourage an attempt at recording .
jennifer owen argues convincingly that this amounts to a very significant area of habitat , she shows clearly and simply how it may be improved , and for the dedicated wildlife gardener she says enough to encourage an [try] at recording .

Why did Anicia Juliana attempt to recreate Solomon 's temple ?
why did anicia juliana [try] to recreate solomon 's temple ?

The scientific journalist 's attitude must be adopted from that of creative workers and he must attempt to convey what these workers think and do .
the scientific journalist 's attitude must be adopted from that of creative workers and he must [try] to convey what these workers think and do .

As a first attempt the results are no doubt crude , but they do provide a basis for further refinement .
as a first [try] the results are no doubt crude , but they do provide a basis for further refinement .

One was a search for proof of the existence of antimatter , the other an attempt to identify different kinds of high energy particles ‘ to help us understand the changes in our own Galaxy ’ .
one was a search for proof of the existence of antimatter , the other an [try] to identify different kinds of high energy particles ‘ to help us understand the changes in our own galaxy ’ .

The last full analysis of reported cases , made in 1980 , shows 41 per cent to be occurring in tropical Africa ( where virtually no attempt at control has been made so far ) , 22 per cent in the Indian subcontinent and 31 per cent in Eastern Asia and Oceania ; only 5 per cent of cases were reported from Europe , the Eastern Mediterranean and Central and South America .
the last full analysis of reported cases , made in 1980 , shows 41 per cent to be occurring in tropical africa ( where virtually no [try] at control has been made so far ) , 22 per cent in the indian subcontinent and 31 per cent in eastern asia and oceania ; only 5 per cent of cases were reported from europe , the eastern mediterranean and central and south america .

The attempt to turn mud into a more sophisticated material will result in more seminars and professional activities , but in little real housing for the people .
the [try] to turn mud into a more sophisticated material will result in more seminars and professional activities , but in little real housing for the people .

First , it could hold up Challenger 's next attempt to launch a relay satellite , in August .
first , it could hold up challenger 's next [try] to launch a relay satellite , in august .

There must be money in it and that may be the reason for an attempt to fool the laboratory in its work with thermoluminescence .
there must be money in it and that may be the reason for an [try] to fool the laboratory in its work with thermoluminescence .

The laboratory 's opinion , though , is that the incident was more likely to have been an attempt to make the researchers there look a bit silly .
the laboratory 's opinion , though , is that the incident was more likely to have been an [try] to make the researchers there look a bit silly .

Last June Hinckley was found not guilty , by reason of insanity , of trying to assassinate President Reagan and of wounding three others in the attempt .
last june hinckley was found not guilty , by reason of insanity , of trying to assassinate president reagan and of wounding three others in the [try] .

Compared with many hoofed animals on the plains of Africa , they are remarkably mobile and noisy and never attempt to hide in cover .
compared with many hoofed animals on the plains of africa , they are remarkably mobile and noisy and never [try] to hide in cover .

If fleeing and hiding have failed and the prey finds itself cornered by its would-be killer , it may make one last desperate attempt to save itself , by throwing caution to the wind and attacking the predator physically .
if fleeing and hiding have failed and the prey finds itself cornered by its would-be killer , it may make one last desperate [try] to save itself , by throwing caution to the wind and attacking the predator physically .

It is difficult to obtain accurate figures from the wilder , more snake-ridden parts of the world , such as Africa , Asia and South America , but an attempt at a global survey carried out in the 1950s gave a total world figure of thirty thousand deaths annually from all forms of snakebite .
it is difficult to obtain accurate figures from the wilder , more snake-ridden parts of the world , such as africa , asia and south america , but an [try] at a global survey carried out in the 1950s gave a total world figure of thirty thousand deaths annually from all forms of snakebite .

It makes no attempt to move away , even if the water near by is being violently disturbed .
it makes no [try] to move away , even if the water near by is being violently disturbed .

Its usual reaction when abused by an attacker is to tear out its own hair rather than attempt to bite .
its usual reaction when abused by an attacker is to tear out its own hair rather than [try] to bite .

The otter has no alternative but to retreat in agony and attempt to prize the claws free .
the otter has no alternative but to retreat in agony and [try] to prize the claws free .

The only other course of action for a tree-nester is to hop about in the tree , squawking and screeching noisily in an attempt to break the attacker 's concentration .
the only other course of action for a tree-nester is to hop about in the tree , squawking and screeching noisily in an [try] to break the attacker 's concentration .

If a large predatory bird sits in a conspicuous position it may find itself being mobbed by smaller birds , which call , display , and even attempt to dive-bomb it with pecking attacks .
if a large predatory bird sits in a conspicuous position it may find itself being mobbed by smaller birds , which call , display , and even [try] to dive-bomb it with pecking attacks .

Foxes often avoid the colony sites of breeding seabirds because if they attempt a swift invasion to capture nestlings they are liable to find themselves the object of severe and painful dive-bombing by the parent gulls and their companions .
foxes often avoid the colony sites of breeding seabirds because if they [try] a swift invasion to capture nestlings they are liable to find themselves the object of severe and painful dive-bombing by the parent gulls and their companions .

To attempt any close analysis of the social contexts in which African primary schools operate is obviously to court unacceptable generalisations but two points may , nevertheless , be worth making .
to [try] any close analysis of the social contexts in which african primary schools operate is obviously to court unacceptable generalisations but two points may , nevertheless , be worth making .

False figures for repeating exist , almost invariably , when governments attempt to insist on an automatic promotion rule or attempt to limit numbers of repeaters in upper classes .
false figures for repeating exist , almost invariably , when governments [try] to insist on an automatic promotion rule or [try] to limit numbers of repeaters in upper classes .

Aims of subject syllabuses were very generalised , no attempt having been made to isolate any specific terminal or intermediate objectives in respect of knowledge , skills or attitudes to be developed .
aims of subject syllabuses were very generalised , no [try] having been made to isolate any specific terminal or intermediate objectives in respect of knowledge , skills or attitudes to be developed .

At first sight the solution looks easy : attempt less , more slowly .
at first sight the solution looks easy : [try] less , more slowly .

First a considerable , and , on the whole , successful attempt to introduce some measure of integration to programmes at lower primary level .
first a considerable , and , on the whole , successful [try] to introduce some measure of integration to programmes at lower primary level .

Syllabus planning : Nigeria In our Social Studies syllabus committees in Nigeria at both national and local levels , we made an honest attempt to achieve a real degree of integration . The processes involved a number of related steps :
syllabus planning : nigeria in our social studies syllabus committees in nigeria at both national and local levels , we made an honest [try] to achieve a real degree of integration . the processes involved a number of related steps :

In Nigeria there has been an attempt to integrate Music , Dance , Drama and Fine Art under Cultural and Creative Art .
in nigeria there has been an [try] to integrate music , dance , drama and fine art under cultural and creative art .

On the other hand it may represent a genuine attempt by specialists in related subjects to sit down together and plan a programme which allows for separate activities but suggests common themes and provides examples of integrated lessons as in the Nigerian Cultural and Creative Art syllabus .
on the other hand it may represent a genuine [try] by specialists in related subjects to sit down together and plan a programme which allows for separate activities but suggests common themes and provides examples of integrated lessons as in the nigerian cultural and creative art syllabus .

It is neither possible nor practicable to attempt a critique of syllabus content in all subjects in African primary schools .
it is neither possible nor practicable to [try] a critique of syllabus content in all subjects in african primary schools .

Although some attempt is made to design an instrument which serves the needs of primary school leavers as well as secondary school entrants , the main official purpose of the exercise , and practically the only purpose which interests teachers or children , is to select entrants for secondary school .
although some [try] is made to design an instrument which serves the needs of primary school leavers as well as secondary school entrants , the main official purpose of the exercise , and practically the only purpose which interests teachers or children , is to select entrants for secondary school .

It often takes more than one attempt .
it often takes more than one [try] .

Fear of losing our grip may make us hang on to jobs for longer than we should , in an attempt to reassure ourselves .
fear of losing our grip may make us hang on to jobs for longer than we should , in an [try] to reassure ourselves .

Magazine articles , in an attempt to help us improve that image , advise us to stand sideways on , without our clothes , before a long mirror , and check up honestly on our general shape .
magazine articles , in an [try] to help us improve that image , advise us to stand sideways on , without our clothes , before a long mirror , and check up honestly on our general shape .

The Joan Collins syndrome is one way of summing up the present attempt to take ten to fifteen years off the way women look .
the joan collins syndrome is one way of summing up the present [try] to take ten to fifteen years off the way women look .

There is all the difference between keeping slim , well-groomed and well-dressed in order to look good at forty-five or fifty , and putting the same amount of effort into an attempt to put back the clock and have another crack at being twenty-five .
there is all the difference between keeping slim , well-groomed and well-dressed in order to look good at forty-five or fifty , and putting the same amount of effort into an [try] to put back the clock and have another crack at being twenty-five .

The above reflections attempt to cover some of the ways in which values are made explicit at planning enquiries and in the political forum .
the above reflections [try] to cover some of the ways in which values are made explicit at planning enquiries and in the political forum .

The feeling that incomers might be a problem necessitates ways in which one can prove this and attempt to ameliorate the situation .
the feeling that incomers might be a problem necessitates ways in which one can prove this and [try] to ameliorate the situation .

Nor do the minutes provide evidence of any formal attempt to compare the cost of improving Village school building with the cost of transporting the children to Green Haven , though it is possible that such studies took place .
nor do the minutes provide evidence of any formal [try] to compare the cost of improving village school building with the cost of transporting the children to green haven , though it is possible that such studies took place .

It may be more useful to attempt to visualise the relation as a three-dimensional one : some externalities may be above , others below , yet others merely ‘ out there ’ .
it may be more useful to [try] to visualise the relation as a three-dimensional one : some externalities may be above , others below , yet others merely ‘ out there ’ .

1973 there was only a limited attempt at directing private development within the burghs of Kirkwall and Stromness and there were no restrictions on building in the Landward area of the county .
1973 there was only a limited [try] at directing private development within the burghs of kirkwall and stromness and there were no restrictions on building in the landward area of the county .

Contestants would engage in three types of contest : close combat , in which knights would fight on foot with blunted daggers , swords or spears ; jousting or tilting , in which mounted knights on either side of a low barrier would charge each other with blunted lances ; and contests of skill in which mounted knights would attempt to skewer rings from posts .
contestants would engage in three types of contest : close combat , in which knights would fight on foot with blunted daggers , swords or spears ; jousting or tilting , in which mounted knights on either side of a low barrier would charge each other with blunted lances ; and contests of skill in which mounted knights would [try] to skewer rings from posts .

An attempt to revive the contest in 1871 failed , as did another in 1882 .
an [try] to revive the contest in 1871 failed , as did another in 1882 .

Then , with flint and steel , he struck a spark and at the fifth attempt carried it to a withered leaf , which delicately he breathed into flame .
then , with flint and steel , he struck a spark and at the fifth [try] carried it to a withered leaf , which delicately he breathed into flame .

They arranged guards through the night in case the boy was still hanging around and made another attempt to chase the horses off .
they arranged guards through the night in case the boy was still hanging around and made another [try] to chase the horses off .

But the idea that all the extraordinary activity in the sky could in any way be on their account was more than Allen could attempt to suppose .
but the idea that all the extraordinary activity in the sky could in any way be on their account was more than allen could [try] to suppose .

Only in the Norman and the crusading states , colonized in great measure from the homeland of French feudalism , did one find any attempt to live up to a conception of feudalism as coherent as that of northern France .
only in the norman and the crusading states , colonized in great measure from the homeland of french feudalism , did one find any [try] to live up to a conception of feudalism as coherent as that of northern france .

What one found in the stricter forms of feudalism was an attempt to organize landed wealth more directly and coherently for the recruitment of knights .
what one found in the stricter forms of feudalism was an [try] to organize landed wealth more directly and coherently for the recruitment of knights .

It used to be said that it was the attempt by the Seljuks to prevent Christians from reaching Jerusalem which led to the First Crusade .
it used to be said that it was the [try] by the seljuks to prevent christians from reaching jerusalem which led to the first crusade .

It is the angel Gabriel who comes to Charlemagne at the end of the poem , just as Gabriel and Michael — the fighting archangel , whose cult was flourishing anew in the tenth and eleventh centuries — come to Roland to carry his soul to heaven ; the poem is definitely Christian , and an attempt to set a religious seal on knightly glory ; but the knightly glory has in its turn captured the Church , and harnessed it , in the person of the archbishop of Rheims , to the holy war against the infidel .
it is the angel gabriel who comes to charlemagne at the end of the poem , just as gabriel and michael — the fighting archangel , whose cult was flourishing anew in the tenth and eleventh centuries — come to roland to carry his soul to heaven ; the poem is definitely christian , and an [try] to set a religious seal on knightly glory ; but the knightly glory has in its turn captured the church , and harnessed it , in the person of the archbishop of rheims , to the holy war against the infidel .

In France the legend gave prestige to the monarchy ; in Germany the monarchs could make some practical attempt to walk in their predecessors ' footsteps .
in france the legend gave prestige to the monarchy ; in germany the monarchs could make some practical [try] to walk in their predecessors ' footsteps .

Having said that , we can cautiously attempt a summary of his main ideas .
having said that , we can cautiously [try] a summary of his main ideas .

This is not a total misuse of the word but an attempt to describe the process where a wide range of possibilities , some wilder than others , some orthodox some not , are considered .
this is not a total misuse of the word but an [try] to describe the process where a wide range of possibilities , some wilder than others , some orthodox some not , are considered .

Perhaps we can now hazard an attempt at defining ‘ a good reader ’ .
perhaps we can now hazard an [try] at defining ‘ a good reader ’ .

There has been some attempt to assess children 's preferences in terms of subject-matter , illustration style , reproduction processes , use of colour , and so on .
there has been some [try] to assess children 's preferences in terms of subject-matter , illustration style , reproduction processes , use of colour , and so on .

Any attempt to reward performance job by job should be viewed with caution as , with the exception of commercial developments , where time and money are interrelated , it is usually impossible to complete a job successfully by spending the shortest possible time on it .
any [try] to reward performance job by job should be viewed with caution as , with the exception of commercial developments , where time and money are interrelated , it is usually impossible to complete a job successfully by spending the shortest possible time on it .

It does not attempt to offer a detailed guide to the issues , or to cover such problems as fund raising , tax planning or profit sharing .
it does not [try] to offer a detailed guide to the issues , or to cover such problems as fund raising , tax planning or profit sharing .

This raises very complicated questions , as yet not fully resolved by the courts , as to the extent to which a director who holds shares may take off his director 's hat and attempt to ratify as a shareholder his own alleged misconduct .
this raises very complicated questions , as yet not fully resolved by the courts , as to the extent to which a director who holds shares may take off his director 's hat and [try] to ratify as a shareholder his own alleged misconduct .

There are a number of ways in which a surveyor can attempt to offset the problems usually associated with claims .
there are a number of ways in which a surveyor can [try] to offset the problems usually associated with claims .

That is to say we shall not attempt to consider changes induced by monopolisation or state intervention on the scale we have witnessed since , say , 1945 .
that is to say we shall not [try] to consider changes induced by monopolisation or state intervention on the scale we have witnessed since , say , 1945 .

Rather than attempt to start our exposition of the cycle from the point of crisis , we shall be able to understand the role of fixed capital if we begin at the point of depression .
rather than [try] to start our exposition of the cycle from the point of crisis , we shall be able to understand the role of fixed capital if we begin at the point of depression .

We should , however , acknowledge Bukharin 's intellectual audacity in his attempt .
we should , however , acknowledge bukharin 's intellectual audacity in his [try] .

It was precisely along such lines that Bukharin advanced his objections to Preobrazhensky 's attempt to remove the state and its policies from theoretical analysis , even at the high level of abstraction that had been suggested . In relation to the Soviet state-trusts Bukharin pointed out that :
it was precisely along such lines that bukharin advanced his objections to preobrazhensky 's [try] to remove the state and its policies from theoretical analysis , even at the high level of abstraction that had been suggested . in relation to the soviet state-trusts bukharin pointed out that :

Bukharin , then , correctly defined the peculiarity of the Soviet economy in the above passage , in fact — even in the mid-1920s — the ‘ base ’ and ‘ superstructure ’ were inextricably interwoven , and to abstract the state in the manner suggested by Preobrazhensky was to attempt to examine Soviet society in an unhistorical fashion .
bukharin , then , correctly defined the peculiarity of the soviet economy in the above passage , in fact — even in the mid-1920s — the ‘ base ’ and ‘ superstructure ’ were inextricably interwoven , and to abstract the state in the manner suggested by preobrazhensky was to [try] to examine soviet society in an unhistorical fashion .

Bukharin mocked Preobrazhensky for his attempt to define a ‘ pure law ’ for the working of the state economy in such a transition period , by abstracting from its relations with the private sector , i.e. by examining the state sector in isolation . He made the point that :
bukharin mocked preobrazhensky for his [try] to define a ‘ pure law ’ for the working of the state economy in such a transition period , by abstracting from its relations with the private sector , i.e. by examining the state sector in isolation . he made the point that :

Let us attempt to summarise what the differences between Bukharin and Preobrazhensky were :
let us [try] to summarise what the differences between bukharin and preobrazhensky were :

But any conscious attempt to disregard this proportionality would inflict unnecessary losses and suffering .
but any conscious [try] to disregard this proportionality would inflict unnecessary losses and suffering .

He perceived very well the dangers involved in an attempt to concentrate too many resources upon major capital projects .
he perceived very well the dangers involved in an [try] to concentrate too many resources upon major capital projects .

Lance Owen of Kingston took care of the service ( £174.25 ) and secured the exhaust , but its only attempt to cure the creak was to adjust the power steering belt , which failed to solve the problem .
lance owen of kingston took care of the service ( £174.25 ) and secured the exhaust , but its only [try] to cure the creak was to adjust the power steering belt , which failed to solve the problem .

On Tuesday , Stuart James Spicer of Bonhams Close , Holybourne , pleaded guilty at Alton magistrates court to the theft of a Sony Walkman personal stereo and four audio tapes , damage to a car window and a stone flowerpot , and an attempt to steal a motor vehicle .
on tuesday , stuart james spicer of bonhams close , holybourne , pleaded guilty at alton magistrates court to the theft of a sony walkman personal stereo and four audio tapes , damage to a car window and a stone flowerpot , and an [try] to steal a motor vehicle .

It results from the attempt to provide relief from psychiatric illnesses and has only recently begun to be recognised .
it results from the [try] to provide relief from psychiatric illnesses and has only recently begun to be recognised .

Today no such evidence is needed as the matter was settled in favour of the mechanical explanation , although it is hard to envisage any human attempt to produce the resonant sound from a branch with any contraption without a strong amplifier .
today no such evidence is needed as the matter was settled in favour of the mechanical explanation , although it is hard to envisage any human [try] to produce the resonant sound from a branch with any contraption without a strong amplifier .

‘ we 'll have a happy Christmas , ’ she told herself grimly , ‘ or perish in the attempt !
‘ we 'll have a happy christmas , ’ she told herself grimly , ‘ or perish in the [try] !

He made no attempt to detain her , but walked with her down the dark drive and took her as far as her own front door .
he made no [try] to detain her , but walked with her down the dark drive and took her as far as her own front door .

What was more , she had an idea that he must feel the same , because he in his turn talked to her quite naturally , without the slightest attempt to entertain or amuse her .
what was more , she had an idea that he must feel the same , because he in his turn talked to her quite naturally , without the slightest [try] to entertain or amuse her .

At the second attempt she made the connection and heard the telephone begin to ring at the other end .
at the second [try] she made the connection and heard the telephone begin to ring at the other end .

The other girls disliked her for her outstanding looks and her haughty ways and made no attempt to be friendly on anything but the most superficial level and the pattern cutters and sewing hands hurried home to their families and boyfriends the moment they finished their long day 's work .
the other girls disliked her for her outstanding looks and her haughty ways and made no [try] to be friendly on anything but the most superficial level and the pattern cutters and sewing hands hurried home to their families and boyfriends the moment they finished their long day 's work .

Their first attempt , however , was foiled when they lost the centre leaf and had to walk out at this point .
their first [try] , however , was foiled when they lost the centre leaf and had to walk out at this point .

An attempt to paddle west along the north coast of Ronay towards more sheltered water was thwarted by the ebb tide ripping out , abetted by the mighty wind .
an [try] to paddle west along the north coast of ronay towards more sheltered water was thwarted by the ebb tide ripping out , abetted by the mighty wind .

We attempted to have the case tried in a Crown Court with a judge and jury but it seemed apparent to us , at our first appearance at the Magistrates Court , that every attempt was made , including the dropping of a crucial charge , to keep the case at that level .
we attempted to have the case tried in a crown court with a judge and jury but it seemed apparent to us , at our first appearance at the magistrates court , that every [try] was made , including the dropping of a crucial charge , to keep the case at that level .

Said Aouita , the highly versatile Moroccan distance runner , was there to attempt to beat the world 3000 metre record .
said aouita , the highly versatile moroccan distance runner , was there to [try] to beat the world 3000 metre record .

The adrenalin was pumping away , but as the marksmen made no attempt to tell us to strip off and the minutes dragged by , so it began to ease away .
the adrenalin was pumping away , but as the marksmen made no [try] to tell us to strip off and the minutes dragged by , so it began to ease away .

It is therefore incumbent upon all humans to attempt to control our minds , to pursue some path of mind control , meditation , prayer , yoga or whatever — according to one 's inclinations .
it is therefore incumbent upon all humans to [try] to control our minds , to pursue some path of mind control , meditation , prayer , yoga or whatever — according to one 's inclinations .

When the male wasp spies it , he wastes no time in the attempt to mate with what he clearly takes to be a female of his own kind .
when the male wasp spies it , he wastes no time in the [try] to mate with what he clearly takes to be a female of his own kind .

That is a far off mystic goal , perhaps , but let us at least attempt to stretch our minds , looking briefly at just a few of these cycles , and of the indispensable parts they have to play in the maintenance of planetary life .
that is a far off mystic goal , perhaps , but let us at least [try] to stretch our minds , looking briefly at just a few of these cycles , and of the indispensable parts they have to play in the maintenance of planetary life .

We therefore attempt to overcome this tendency by what we feel is the honesty of ‘ objectivity ’ .
we therefore [try] to overcome this tendency by what we feel is the honesty of ‘ objectivity ’ .

So to attempt to prove the existence of telepathy by the analysis of data acquired by sensory perception will always leave room for doubt .
so to [try] to prove the existence of telepathy by the analysis of data acquired by sensory perception will always leave room for doubt .

On yet another attempt to kill the Chowgarh tigress , Corbett relates the following intriguing incident .
on yet another [try] to kill the chowgarh tigress , corbett relates the following intriguing incident .

Some emit poisonous gases which kill or temporarily paralyse any insects who attempt a meal .
some emit poisonous gases which kill or temporarily paralyse any insects who [try] a meal .

Watkins himself was the first to attempt some sort of statistical assessment .
watkins himself was the first to [try] some sort of statistical assessment .

Steve Cozzi defines a planetary grid system as ‘ any series of lines laid out across the surface of the Earth in an attempt to measure some particular pre-designated system of ideas , correlations or theories ’ .
steve cozzi defines a planetary grid system as ‘ any series of lines laid out across the surface of the earth in an [try] to measure some particular pre-designated system of ideas , correlations or theories ’ .

Recently , the sculptor , Marco Pogacnik has , with this in mind , installed stone sculptures in a German wood as an attempt at earth healing .
recently , the sculptor , marco pogacnik has , with this in mind , installed stone sculptures in a german wood as an [try] at earth healing .

Dr. Elliott detects in it ‘ a desire by the composer to accommodate progressive ideas about clear word-setting and harmonic , chordal idioms ’ : he has elsewhere invoked the violent and repressive political climate of the time , and seen an attempt by Carver to compromise — in a period of Protestant fundamentalism which had limited the formerly sumptuous musical presentations in the Chapel Royal to plainchant and Faburden improvised upon it — with the strictly harmonically-conceived music of English Reformation composers .
dr. elliott detects in it ‘ a desire by the composer to accommodate progressive ideas about clear word-setting and harmonic , chordal idioms ’ : he has elsewhere invoked the violent and repressive political climate of the time , and seen an [try] by carver to compromise — in a period of protestant fundamentalism which had limited the formerly sumptuous musical presentations in the chapel royal to plainchant and faburden improvised upon it — with the strictly harmonically-conceived music of english reformation composers .

But it 's a worthy attempt nevertheless and greatly assisted by the voluminous recording quality .
but it 's a worthy [try] nevertheless and greatly assisted by the voluminous recording quality .

Do not attempt any diet without consulting your family doctor or specialist .
do not [try] any diet without consulting your family doctor or specialist .

But the police made no attempt to contact any of them , for the obvious reason that such evidence would have been a severe embarrassment to their preconceived ideas .
but the police made no [try] to contact any of them , for the obvious reason that such evidence would have been a severe embarrassment to their preconceived ideas .

‘ It is striking , ’ he concluded , ‘ that while strict laws govern the use of motor vehicles , anyone may hire a marine craft and then , with no experience whatsoever , without a life-jacket , unable to swim and in a state of advanced inebriation , attempt to navigate a busy and treacherous public waterway .
‘ it is striking , ’ he concluded , ‘ that while strict laws govern the use of motor vehicles , anyone may hire a marine craft and then , with no experience whatsoever , without a life-jacket , unable to swim and in a state of advanced inebriation , [try] to navigate a busy and treacherous public waterway .

Ralph King must be a very active 70 year old to attempt such an ambitious project , namely to cover the broad field of safety in the process industry in one volume without assistance from other experts .
ralph king must be a very active 70 year old to [try] such an ambitious project , namely to cover the broad field of safety in the process industry in one volume without assistance from other experts .

When an inferior cat is approached by a dominant enemy , as an attempt to appease the more powerful one with its submissive , non-hostile signal .
when an inferior cat is approached by a dominant enemy , as an [try] to appease the more powerful one with its submissive , non-hostile signal .

This is basically a protective action , an attempt to save the eyes from possible danger , but it has also become a way of reducing the unbearable tension of the moment .
this is basically a protective action , an [try] to save the eyes from possible danger , but it has also become a way of reducing the unbearable tension of the moment .

It did not court or attempt to mate with females on heat , even though it appeared to be anatomically well equipped to do so .
it did not court or [try] to mate with females on heat , even though it appeared to be anatomically well equipped to do so .

It did , however , allow young tom-cats to mount and attempt to mate with it .
it did , however , allow young tom-cats to mount and [try] to mate with it .

If the sexual thwarting becomes acute enough , some cats will even masturbate or attempt to mate with inanimate objects .
if the sexual thwarting becomes acute enough , some cats will even masturbate or [try] to mate with inanimate objects .

One cat was observed to attempt copulation with a toy teddy bear , another with a toy rabbit .
one cat was observed to [try] copulation with a toy teddy bear , another with a toy rabbit .

But so few local breeds had undergone any kind of specialized breeding to improve the stock , and the Western animals had to attempt to catch up with their long-established and highly pampered Oriental counterparts .
but so few local breeds had undergone any kind of specialized breeding to improve the stock , and the western animals had to [try] to catch up with their long-established and highly pampered oriental counterparts .

Between 1963 and 1974 an attempt was made to measure the abundance and distribution of the common and widespread birds breeding in Sussex woodlands by a series of sample censuses .
between 1963 and 1974 an [try] was made to measure the abundance and distribution of the common and widespread birds breeding in sussex woodlands by a series of sample censuses .

Although some breeding sites are certainly not known , many pairs simply do not attempt to breed , and breeding success is low .
although some breeding sites are certainly not known , many pairs simply do not [try] to breed , and breeding success is low .

It may also be argued that , as this field is concerned with aspects of the student that are intimately connected with her personality , it would be unethical to attempt systematically to bring about changes .
it may also be argued that , as this field is concerned with aspects of the student that are intimately connected with her personality , it would be unethical to [try] systematically to bring about changes .

During the cognitive phase , students attempt to intellectualise the skill and form a verbal plan which guides execution .
during the cognitive phase , students [try] to intellectualise the skill and form a verbal plan which guides execution .

But whatever the reason behind it , if there was a reason and it was n't simply someone shaking up names in a box and picking one out here and there , it was like banging your head against a brick wall to attempt to fight against Movement Orders — here she was and she had to make the best of it .
but whatever the reason behind it , if there was a reason and it was n't simply someone shaking up names in a box and picking one out here and there , it was like banging your head against a brick wall to [try] to fight against movement orders — here she was and she had to make the best of it .

On another memorable night , coming home in a thick fog Jimmy got us completely lost . We were following a long , straight road in visibility of about twenty yards , all of us hanging out of the windows in a vain attempt to spot landmarks , when a ghostly figure loomed up , saluted , and announced in long-suffering tones , ‘ Excuse me sir , Mr Mills , you 're on the main runway ! ’
on another memorable night , coming home in a thick fog jimmy got us completely lost . we were following a long , straight road in visibility of about twenty yards , all of us hanging out of the windows in a vain [try] to spot landmarks , when a ghostly figure loomed up , saluted , and announced in long-suffering tones , ‘ excuse me sir , mr mills , you 're on the main runway ! ’

Eventually , on a day when the visibility at Bourn was about twenty yards , the powers-that-be decided that four Mosquitoes from our squadron would make the attempt to take-off for an undisclosed destination in France , each carrying a 4,000lb bomb .
eventually , on a day when the visibility at bourn was about twenty yards , the powers-that-be decided that four mosquitoes from our squadron would make the [try] to take-off for an undisclosed destination in france , each carrying a 4,000lb bomb .

The fog was too thick for any of the heavies to attempt takeoff , but it was thought that the lighter , smaller and more manoeuvrable Mosquitoes might just make it .
the fog was too thick for any of the heavies to [try] takeoff , but it was thought that the lighter , smaller and more manoeuvrable mosquitoes might just make it .

Suddenly they were wearing expensive clothes on and off stage , taking cabs everywhere , men were showering them with gifts in an attempt just to be seen with them .
suddenly they were wearing expensive clothes on and off stage , taking cabs everywhere , men were showering them with gifts in an [try] just to be seen with them .

Just as his earlier attempt to form a theatrical agency ended in failure within six months , a later venture with George Sheldon failed in 1902 with equally bad feelings .
just as his earlier [try] to form a theatrical agency ended in failure within six months , a later venture with george sheldon failed in 1902 with equally bad feelings .

They saw men trying to make money by selling apples and oranges at street corners and the brave attempt of others to look smart with well-polished shoes , pressed suits and hidden frayed cuffs .
they saw men trying to make money by selling apples and oranges at street corners and the brave [try] of others to look smart with well-polished shoes , pressed suits and hidden frayed cuffs .

After her third attempt she was sacked .
after her third [try] she was sacked .

Several old barges , beached deliberately years before in an attempt to slow down the river bank erosion , stood out against the moonlit water like defiant skeletons . Vast stretches of mud , still wet from the last tide , glittered like a carpet of diamonds in the eerie light
several old barges , beached deliberately years before in an [try] to slow down the river bank erosion , stood out against the moonlit water like defiant skeletons . vast stretches of mud , still wet from the last tide , glittered like a carpet of diamonds in the eerie light

He tried to dig his heels into the bed of the trough in an attempt to slow down his headlong rush , but each time the soft bottom gave way and on he went .
he tried to dig his heels into the bed of the trough in an [try] to slow down his headlong rush , but each time the soft bottom gave way and on he went .

In table 2 an attempt is made to consider various teaching methods for library education with respect to the factors affecting the learning process , the number of sensory inputs utilized , and student-teacher , student-student interaction .
in table 2 an [try] is made to consider various teaching methods for library education with respect to the factors affecting the learning process , the number of sensory inputs utilized , and student-teacher , student-student interaction .

They play a fairly passive role , though the taking of notes involves the student actively in the learning process , particularly if an attempt is made to record the main points of the lecture in a logical sequence .
they play a fairly passive role , though the taking of notes involves the student actively in the learning process , particularly if an [try] is made to record the main points of the lecture in a logical sequence .

An attempt can be made to relate new information to existing knowledge .
an [try] can be made to relate new information to existing knowledge .

During the evaluation of the undergraduate course in information retrieval at Chalmers Library , a series of interviews were carried out with students participating in the course as part of an attempt at illuminative evaluation .
during the evaluation of the undergraduate course in information retrieval at chalmers library , a series of interviews were carried out with students participating in the course as part of an [try] at illuminative evaluation .

An attempt has therefore been made to formulate goals and objectives for online user education from this point of view .
an [try] has therefore been made to formulate goals and objectives for online user education from this point of view .

The similarities and differences between the two groups can be seen even more clearly if an attempt is made to formulate specific short-term objectives .
the similarities and differences between the two groups can be seen even more clearly if an [try] is made to formulate specific short-term objectives .

In educational evaluation one may attempt to avoid the judgement aspect — but decisions may then have to be made by some other group , decisions that will be influenced by the information collected and its presentation .
in educational evaluation one may [try] to avoid the judgement aspect — but decisions may then have to be made by some other group , decisions that will be influenced by the information collected and its presentation .

Illuminative evaluation An attempt to carry out an illuminative evaluation of the undergraduate information retrieval course was also made .
illuminative evaluation an [try] to carry out an illuminative evaluation of the undergraduate information retrieval course was also made .

In addition to the methods mentioned above , which were used specifically to evaluate the undergraduate information retrieval course , an attempt was made to carry out a long-term study on the use of the library with regard to reasons for use , materials used , success in carrying out literature searches etc .
in addition to the methods mentioned above , which were used specifically to evaluate the undergraduate information retrieval course , an [try] was made to carry out a long-term study on the use of the library with regard to reasons for use , materials used , success in carrying out literature searches etc .

How successful is library promotional work is unclear , because few libraries attempt any evaluation .
how successful is library promotional work is unclear , because few libraries [try] any evaluation .

Nevertheless , individual libraries continue to attempt to publicize the library , and show remarkable imagination and enterprise in trying to make the library an appealing service .
nevertheless , individual libraries continue to [try] to publicize the library , and show remarkable imagination and enterprise in trying to make the library an appealing service .

Most user education programmes have so far been very much of a local nature with little attempt to communicate experience to others .
most user education programmes have so far been very much of a local nature with little [try] to communicate experience to others .

There is little in the way of printed and audio-visual material that the clearinghouses do not attempt to acquire .
there is little in the way of printed and audio-visual material that the clearinghouses do not [try] to acquire .

An obvious extension of this is that they should attempt to break down the isolation between practitioners in different countries .
an obvious extension of this is that they should [try] to break down the isolation between practitioners in different countries .

Nevertheless because user education work has been so fragmentary and uneven at times , it has been felt worthwhile to attempt co-operation and co-ordination .
nevertheless because user education work has been so fragmentary and uneven at times , it has been felt worthwhile to [try] co-operation and co-ordination .

User education in individual higher education libraries can change enormously from year to year so no attempt is made to describe current activity comprehensively .
user education in individual higher education libraries can change enormously from year to year so no [try] is made to describe current activity comprehensively .

They may provide a comprehensive guide to the reference literature , but they generally do not attempt to guide the user through the literature either selectively or critically .
they may provide a comprehensive guide to the reference literature , but they generally do not [try] to guide the user through the literature either selectively or critically .

Family therapy will be of most use with young self-poisoners ( Richman 1979 ) , although occasionally it can be appropriate with adult attempters , especially if the attempt has brought to light disturbed family dynamics and other family members are willing to participate in treatment .
family therapy will be of most use with young self-poisoners ( richman 1979 ) , although occasionally it can be appropriate with adult attempters , especially if the [try] has brought to light disturbed family dynamics and other family members are willing to participate in treatment .

When a patient seems to be developing a pattern of chronic repeats , it is recommended that all staff engaged in his or her care meet to reconstruct each attempt in order to determine whether there appears to be a motive common to each act .
when a patient seems to be developing a pattern of chronic repeats , it is recommended that all staff engaged in his or her care meet to reconstruct each [try] in order to determine whether there appears to be a motive common to each act .

The therapist thought the overdose was not a serious suicidal attempt but appeared to be an impulsive act to escape from her feelings of loneliness and worry about the shop .
the therapist thought the overdose was not a serious suicidal [try] but appeared to be an impulsive act to escape from her feelings of loneliness and worry about the shop .

The therapist judged that Margaret had made a very serious attempt to kill herself , that she was severely depressed and a continuing suicide risk , Although Margaret felt that nothing could be done to help her she agreed to be admitted to a psychiatric unit .
the therapist judged that margaret had made a very serious [try] to kill herself , that she was severely depressed and a continuing suicide risk , although margaret felt that nothing could be done to help her she agreed to be admitted to a psychiatric unit .

This is a time when the risk of suicide or another attempt is likely to be high .
this is a time when the risk of suicide or another [try] is likely to be high .

Because most patients who inflict serious self-injuries are suffering from psychiatric disorders and are usually at high risk of making another attempt , the principles of management are largely those described in Chapter 7 where psychiatric inpatient care was considered .
because most patients who inflict serious self-injuries are suffering from psychiatric disorders and are usually at high risk of making another [try] , the principles of management are largely those described in chapter 7 where psychiatric inpatient care was considered .

The clinician should be alert to the possible repetition of a serious attempt in hospital .
the clinician should be alert to the possible repetition of a serious [try] in hospital .

The deformity or disfigurement may be an added cause for depression and regret it having failed in the attempt .
the deformity or disfigurement may be an added cause for depression and regret it having failed in the [try] .

Self-mutilation of the genitals very occasionally occurs in transsexual patients in an attempt to initiate sex change .
self-mutilation of the genitals very occasionally occurs in transsexual patients in an [try] to initiate sex change .

Although most patients who are brought to the attention of their doctors after an attempt are referred to hospital , a proportion are dealt with by general practitioners ( p. 10 ) .
although most patients who are brought to the attention of their doctors after an [try] are referred to hospital , a proportion are dealt with by general practitioners ( p. 10 ) .

Presumably , this is more likely to happen when a small number of tablets is involved but the poor correlation between medical seriousness of an attempt and suicidal intent ( Fox and Weissman 1975 ) would indicate that this practice should not be encouraged .
presumably , this is more likely to happen when a small number of tablets is involved but the poor correlation between medical seriousness of an [try] and suicidal intent ( fox and weissman 1975 ) would indicate that this practice should not be encouraged .

On the other hand , the general practitioner 's knowledge of the person 's background and current circumstances could make him invaluable both in furthering the understanding of the attempt and in the provision of appropriate help .
on the other hand , the general practitioner 's knowledge of the person 's background and current circumstances could make him invaluable both in furthering the understanding of the [try] and in the provision of appropriate help .

The management of patients who require psychiatric inpatient care after a suicide attempt remains the responsibility of psychiatrists , but recent work has shown the value of involving non-medical staff in treatment of those who do not require admission .
the management of patients who require psychiatric inpatient care after a suicide [try] remains the responsibility of psychiatrists , but recent work has shown the value of involving non-medical staff in treatment of those who do not require admission .

For example , it is known that attempts usually follow acute and serious interpersonal conflict , that chronic difficulties and social problems are common , and that a large proportion of patients have taken steps to gain help from their family doctors before the attempt .
for example , it is known that attempts usually follow acute and serious interpersonal conflict , that chronic difficulties and social problems are common , and that a large proportion of patients have taken steps to gain help from their family doctors before the [try] .

The diversity of factors and problems suggests that no single preventive measure is likely to be relevant to all patients , and that effective prevention will have to include different procedures at the various stages in the chain of events leading up to the suicide attempt .
the diversity of factors and problems suggests that no single preventive measure is likely to be relevant to all patients , and that effective prevention will have to include different procedures at the various stages in the chain of events leading up to the suicide [try] .

There are several measures which might reduce the chances of a suicide attempt in an individual at risk .
there are several measures which might reduce the chances of a suicide [try] in an individual at risk .

It has been shown that most suicide attempters are aware of the existence of agencies where they could obtain help , such as the general practitioner , social workers , or the Samaritans ( Kreitman and Chowdhury 1973b ) ; in fact , a significant proportion of attempters had been in touch with one or more of these agencies in the weeks preceding the attempt ( Bancroft et al .
it has been shown that most suicide attempters are aware of the existence of agencies where they could obtain help , such as the general practitioner , social workers , or the samaritans ( kreitman and chowdhury 1973b ) ; in fact , a significant proportion of attempters had been in touch with one or more of these agencies in the weeks preceding the [try] ( bancroft et al .

The overall impression resulting from these findings is that emergency services specifically designed for potential attempters might be of benefit to some , but the impulsive nature of the act , and the fact that the attempt often appears to be carried out with a particular purpose not related to help-seeking , but aimed at someone in close proximity , reduces the chances of preventing suicide attempts by this method alone .
the overall impression resulting from these findings is that emergency services specifically designed for potential attempters might be of benefit to some , but the impulsive nature of the act , and the fact that the [try] often appears to be carried out with a particular purpose not related to help-seeking , but aimed at someone in close proximity , reduces the chances of preventing suicide attempts by this method alone .

The Centre was very popular and attracted many people with similar demographic characteristics , including marital and social difficulties , to those who attempt suicide .
the centre was very popular and attracted many people with similar demographic characteristics , including marital and social difficulties , to those who [try] suicide .

The suicide attempt rates , however , remained essentially unchanged , although in other areas the rates of suicide attempts continued to increase ( Kreitman 1977 ) .
the suicide [try] rates , however , remained essentially unchanged , although in other areas the rates of suicide attempts continued to increase ( kreitman 1977 ) .

This does not mean that psychotropic drugs have no role in the treatment of patients who might attempt suicide .
this does not mean that psychotropic drugs have no role in the treatment of patients who might [try] suicide .

Overdoses of three drugs are most common among teenagers ( Hawton and Goldacre 1982 ) , who are less likely than adults to have visited their general practitioner before the attempt ( Hawton and Blackstock 1976 ) .
overdoses of three drugs are most common among teenagers ( hawton and goldacre 1982 ) , who are less likely than adults to have visited their general practitioner before the [try] ( hawton and blackstock 1976 ) .

The information was collected after the attempt and it is not clear whether patients would have acted as they claimed they would but , taken at face value , the findings support the case for better health education and warning about the effects of drugs .
the information was collected after the [try] and it is not clear whether patients would have acted as they claimed they would but , taken at face value , the findings support the case for better health education and warning about the effects of drugs .

Not all patients require specialized help after an attempt .
not all patients require specialized help after an [try] .

Sugar and Spite was the first attempt at doing anything specifically for out-loud performance .
sugar and spite was the first [try] at doing anything specifically for out-loud performance .

However , you should always respect a person 's privacy and not attempt to prevent relationships from developing .
however , you should always respect a person 's privacy and not [try] to prevent relationships from developing .

It may be that we secretly admire those who attempt to ‘ beat the system ’ , and that we sympathise with the underdog .
it may be that we secretly admire those who [try] to ‘ beat the system ’ , and that we sympathise with the underdog .

We will examine the history of delinquency in an attempt to correct the notion , or perhaps myth , that such behaviour is a uniquely modern phenomenon that indicates a degeneration of standards of behaviour in present-day society .
we will examine the history of delinquency in an [try] to correct the notion , or perhaps myth , that such behaviour is a uniquely modern phenomenon that indicates a degeneration of standards of behaviour in present-day society .

This chapter will examine a range of theories which attempt to explain such behaviour .
this chapter will examine a range of theories which [try] to explain such behaviour .

Essentially they want something to happen , and their street activity can best be understood as an attempt to maximize the chances of something interesting happening .
essentially they want something to happen , and their street activity can best be understood as an [try] to maximize the chances of something interesting happening .

It is a sign of the young fans commitment to their side 's cause , and also an attempt to resist changes in the organisation of football .
it is a sign of the young fans commitment to their side 's cause , and also an [try] to resist changes in the organisation of football .

Decisions concerning the most effective and efficient way of allocating resources ( of money and manpower ) in the attempt to deal with crime-related social problems will be influenced by criminal statistics .
decisions concerning the most effective and efficient way of allocating resources ( of money and manpower ) in the [try] to deal with crime-related social problems will be influenced by criminal statistics .

As well as being asked how often they commit illegal acts , respondents are generally asked details of their social characteristics , social class , race and so on , in an attempt to get round the biases in official criminal statistics .
as well as being asked how often they commit illegal acts , respondents are generally asked details of their social characteristics , social class , race and so on , in an [try] to get round the biases in official criminal statistics .

The British Crime Survey of 1983 , a research project carried out by the Home Office , is a recent example of how victim and self-report studies can be used to attempt to get round the problems of and deficiencies with the official criminal statistics .
the british crime survey of 1983 , a research project carried out by the home office , is a recent example of how victim and self-report studies can be used to [try] to get round the problems of and deficiencies with the official criminal statistics .

The following extract is part of an examination of how management have periodic ‘ purges ’ on their workforce in an attempt to control and crack down on fiddling .
the following extract is part of an examination of how management have periodic ‘ purges ’ on their workforce in an [try] to control and crack down on fiddling .

This reading shows Anne Campbell 's attempt to explain the relatively high involvement of females in shoplifting , sometimes seen as the ‘ typical ’ female crime .
this reading shows anne campbell 's [try] to explain the relatively high involvement of females in shoplifting , sometimes seen as the ‘ typical ’ female crime .

‘ We do n't attempt to put old heads on young shoulders .
‘ we do n't [try] to put old heads on young shoulders .

The clubs could attempt the task , and indeed their origins include the desire on the part of settlement workers to preach the virtues of citizenship , just as Scouting did more than twenty years later .
the clubs could [try] the task , and indeed their origins include the desire on the part of settlement workers to preach the virtues of citizenship , just as scouting did more than twenty years later .

The final phase in the procedure involved giving parents advice about prospective job opportunities for their children , and this was considered to be the most difficult part of the work as it meant balancing all the different factors in an attempt to situate the best applicant in the best position .
the final phase in the procedure involved giving parents advice about prospective job opportunities for their children , and this was considered to be the most difficult part of the work as it meant balancing all the different factors in an [try] to situate the best applicant in the best position .

But the state labour exchanges established by the new legislation were by no means the first attempt to assist workers in finding jobs , though most of the previous efforts had been confined to specific trades or occupations .
but the state labour exchanges established by the new legislation were by no means the first [try] to assist workers in finding jobs , though most of the previous efforts had been confined to specific trades or occupations .

Before looking at the day-to-day working of the system in London and Birmingham , it is worth pausing to describe the role of the school care committees , for in both cities they were the vital link in the attempt to make the transition an educational rather than an industrial process .
before looking at the day-to-day working of the system in london and birmingham , it is worth pausing to describe the role of the school care committees , for in both cities they were the vital link in the [try] to make the transition an educational rather than an industrial process .

Very little was done about juvenile labour , she says , with no attempt being made to raise the school-leaving age or to make further technical education compulsory until the age of 17 .
very little was done about juvenile labour , she says , with no [try] being made to raise the school-leaving age or to make further technical education compulsory until the age of 17 .

And any attempt to make it more effective would have been virtually impossible in political terms .
and any [try] to make it more effective would have been virtually impossible in political terms .

But of greater significance , ultimately , was the attempt by youth workers , social scientists , educationalists , and politicians to solve a number of social problems whose effects stretched well beyond young people themselves , involving as they did the economy , labour , racial hygiene , and political stability .
but of greater significance , ultimately , was the [try] by youth workers , social scientists , educationalists , and politicians to solve a number of social problems whose effects stretched well beyond young people themselves , involving as they did the economy , labour , racial hygiene , and political stability .

But an attempt was made to do this .
but an [try] was made to do this .

However , an attempt has been made in the following two sections .
however , an [try] has been made in the following two sections .

Three departments attempt to keep the use of hard copy to a minimum by extensive use of online services .
three departments [try] to keep the use of hard copy to a minimum by extensive use of online services .

'But from about 1330 there is a steady decline in regularity and architectural quality : even in formal documents the writing is not only strongly cursive but wanting in discipline , and suggests an unsuccessful attempt to reconcile the claims of ceremoniousness and speed ' ( Hector , op cit ) .
'but from about 1330 there is a steady decline in regularity and architectural quality : even in formal documents the writing is not only strongly cursive but wanting in discipline , and suggests an unsuccessful [try] to reconcile the claims of ceremoniousness and speed ' ( hector , op cit ) .

In circumstances such as this the local historian has perhaps two problems : to attempt to find a feudal or familial association or dependency , and , if the arms are uncoloured , to ascertain if they are those of le Scot , Ridel , Basset , Wrottesley or Bryan , or , indeed , some other line .
in circumstances such as this the local historian has perhaps two problems : to [try] to find a feudal or familial association or dependency , and , if the arms are uncoloured , to ascertain if they are those of le scot , ridel , basset , wrottesley or bryan , or , indeed , some other line .

It is neither complete nor authoritative — the family of Forsey , to take just one small example , being listed separately as Forterishey , Fortersley , and Fortryshey without cross reference , attempt to verify a definitive spelling , or verification of blazon — but it is almost the only generally available starting point , and can not be ignored .
it is neither complete nor authoritative — the family of forsey , to take just one small example , being listed separately as forterishey , fortersley , and fortryshey without cross reference , [try] to verify a definitive spelling , or verification of blazon — but it is almost the only generally available starting point , and can not be ignored .

The field of education is as wide as that of religion , and it would be futile to attempt to particularise over such a vast subject .
the field of education is as wide as that of religion , and it would be futile to [try] to particularise over such a vast subject .

An attempt had been made to offset recent enclosures by letting out a few five-acre plots , rent and tithe free , to deserving poor , but the newer legislation continued to make things difficult .
an [try] had been made to offset recent enclosures by letting out a few five-acre plots , rent and tithe free , to deserving poor , but the newer legislation continued to make things difficult .

They may send the middle children to Jessy 's parents in an attempt to get the eldest through secondary school .
they may send the middle children to jessy 's parents in an [try] to get the eldest through secondary school .

One major consideration in its introduction was an attempt to generate income from schools .
one major consideration in its introduction was an [try] to generate income from schools .

However , in contrast , successive Sudanese governments have made little attempt to initiate radical social transformation .
however , in contrast , successive sudanese governments have made little [try] to initiate radical social transformation .

( The Love Feast was an early Methodist institution which had some elements in common with the Communion service but did not set to duplicate it and was certainly not an attempt to replace it .
( the love feast was an early methodist institution which had some elements in common with the communion service but did not set to duplicate it and was certainly not an [try] to replace it .

Within two months they had made a first attempt to get a suitable building site — part of the field in which the new Presbyterian School was to be built .
within two months they had made a first [try] to get a suitable building site — part of the field in which the new presbyterian school was to be built .

No attempt has been made in these pages to measure the achievement of those 28 ministers whose names are recorded hereafter .
no [try] has been made in these pages to measure the achievement of those 28 ministers whose names are recorded hereafter .

We even talk about armies marching on their stomachs , a typically perverse attempt to avoid giving credit to feet , upon which all armies march .
we even talk about armies marching on their stomachs , a typically perverse [try] to avoid giving credit to feet , upon which all armies march .

Detailed investigations reveal these to be adults who attempt to shape , control and judge the behaviour and attitudes of their children according to unbending standards of conduct , usually absolute standards , often determined by theological considerations .
detailed investigations reveal these to be adults who [try] to shape , control and judge the behaviour and attitudes of their children according to unbending standards of conduct , usually absolute standards , often determined by theological considerations .

Over-permissive parents attempt always to use reason instead of overt authority to accomplish their goals .
over-permissive parents [try] always to use reason instead of overt authority to accomplish their goals .

For example , you may ignore her persistent whining for attention after one constructive attempt to distract her by suggesting a pleasant and diverting activity ( after all , you re having to see to the baby ) .
for example , you may ignore her persistent whining for attention after one constructive [try] to distract her by suggesting a pleasant and diverting activity ( after all , you re having to see to the baby ) .

This loss of automatic grant might prove particularly important when regions attempt to attract major international inward investments .
this loss of automatic grant might prove particularly important when regions [try] to attract major international inward investments .

Any serious attempt to resolve the urban problem can not ignore questions of political participation within the cities and the urban political debate 's impact on the national stage .
any serious [try] to resolve the urban problem can not ignore questions of political participation within the cities and the urban political debate 's impact on the national stage .

Throughout this period , an increasing emphasis was placed on tight monetary policy in an attempt to eradicate inflation .
throughout this period , an increasing emphasis was placed on tight monetary policy in an [try] to eradicate inflation .

Too often regional issues are neglected in an attempt to understand and to moderate urban decline .
too often regional issues are neglected in an [try] to understand and to moderate urban decline .

For example , changes were implemented in an attempt to ease the problems of London 's Docklands , generally regarded as the largest area of urban dereliction in England .
for example , changes were implemented in an [try] to ease the problems of london 's docklands , generally regarded as the largest area of urban dereliction in england .

It could be seen as an attempt by the government to try to retain urban seats or , perhaps more accurately , as the reflection of a personal commitment towards the inner cities on the part of Peter Shore , Secretary of State for the Environment ( MacKay and Cox , 1979 ) .
it could be seen as an [try] by the government to try to retain urban seats or , perhaps more accurately , as the reflection of a personal commitment towards the inner cities on the part of peter shore , secretary of state for the environment ( mackay and cox , 1979 ) .

The government has introduced new rules on the awarding of costs in an attempt to reduce the number of frivolous appeals , and recent Department of the Environment decisions on some large retail planning applications suggest a more restrictive stance .
the government has introduced new rules on the awarding of costs in an [try] to reduce the number of frivolous appeals , and recent department of the environment decisions on some large retail planning applications suggest a more restrictive stance .

Finally , when picking the base categories for several variables whose interrelationships are to be examined , an attempt should be made to keep negative relationships between variables to a minimum : double negatives are as confusing in data analysis as they are in prose .
finally , when picking the base categories for several variables whose interrelationships are to be examined , an [try] should be made to keep negative relationships between variables to a minimum : double negatives are as confusing in data analysis as they are in prose .

Is the attempt to distribute resources according to need therefore impossible ?
is the [try] to distribute resources according to need therefore impossible ?

Perhaps death rates will have to suffice until a more serious attempt is made by health care professionals to ascertain the regional variations in disease independently of treatment .
perhaps death rates will have to suffice until a more serious [try] is made by health care professionals to ascertain the regional variations in disease independently of treatment .

Most countries in the world attempt to monitor the total value of their output , or gross national product .
most countries in the world [try] to monitor the total value of their output , or gross national product .

There are two ways in which scientists attempt to impose controls on the wayward world in order to learn .
there are two ways in which scientists [try] to impose controls on the wayward world in order to learn .

We used to take him for walks , and this could be embarrassing , for we had to shout very loudly in an attempt at conversation .
we used to take him for walks , and this could be embarrassing , for we had to shout very loudly in an [try] at conversation .

It is to the school 's credit that such a successful attempt was made to keep life as normal as possible .
it is to the school 's credit that such a successful [try] was made to keep life as normal as possible .

Although we did very sincerely attempt to treat all four children alike , we soon realised that in fairness we would have to modify that intention .
although we did very sincerely [try] to treat all four children alike , we soon realised that in fairness we would have to modify that intention .

For some enterprising footballers like Celtic 's Harry Hood or Aberdeen 's Willie Miller , the pub is a business opportunity run to the highest standards , but for others it can be either a modest earner , an extension of their drinking or a desperate attempt to grab a livelihood from the cinders of football , an industry that has never fully protected the talent it exploits .
for some enterprising footballers like celtic 's harry hood or aberdeen 's willie miller , the pub is a business opportunity run to the highest standards , but for others it can be either a modest earner , an extension of their drinking or a desperate [try] to grab a livelihood from the cinders of football , an industry that has never fully protected the talent it exploits .

Bremner 's decision to sue the Sunday People by taking out a libel action against the owners Odhams Newspapers Ltd and the player Danny Hegan , was an attempt to clear his name and retrieve his integrity rather than a money making scheme .
bremner 's decision to sue the sunday people by taking out a libel action against the owners odhams newspapers ltd and the player danny hegan , was an [try] to clear his name and retrieve his integrity rather than a money making scheme .

The Taylor Report on crowd safety , which came in the wake of the Hillsborough Disaster , left many clubs with archaic stadiums facing an uncertain future as they battled against time and their balance-sheets in an attempt to meet safety regulations and secure all-seater facilities .
the taylor report on crowd safety , which came in the wake of the hillsborough disaster , left many clubs with archaic stadiums facing an uncertain future as they battled against time and their balance-sheets in an [try] to meet safety regulations and secure all-seater facilities .

An attempt to estimate the cumulative effect of thematic map errors in digital overlay analysis has been made by Newcomer and Szajgin ( 1984 ) .
an [try] to estimate the cumulative effect of thematic map errors in digital overlay analysis has been made by newcomer and szajgin ( 1984 ) .

It is difficult to attempt to determine what are suitable estimates of the error in the map .
it is difficult to [try] to determine what are suitable estimates of the error in the map .

Thus no meteorologist would attempt to forecast the weather 2 or 3 days ahead without using a mathematical model based on observations from all around the world .
thus no meteorologist would [try] to forecast the weather 2 or 3 days ahead without using a mathematical model based on observations from all around the world .

Meanwhile , Hunt had carried out further costing work for Barry on the Houses of Parliament , and when Hall arrived at the Office of Works with the dispute over expenditure between Barry and the Office at its height , he shrewdly persuaded Hunt to change sides in an attempt to gain the upper hand .
meanwhile , hunt had carried out further costing work for barry on the houses of parliament , and when hall arrived at the office of works with the dispute over expenditure between barry and the office at its height , he shrewdly persuaded hunt to change sides in an [try] to gain the upper hand .

If then you have invited the artists of Europe to send in plans for a Plan which we have no intention of executing , two questions will arise — the first is who will pay the Premiums which you propose to offer for these Plans , seeing that we could hardly propose to Parliament to vote Premiums for Plans that are not to be executed , and secondly whether the Artists of Europe will not think that they have been trifled with in being asked to send in Plans for an undertaking which the Govt had on consideration determined not to attempt .
if then you have invited the artists of europe to send in plans for a plan which we have no intention of executing , two questions will arise — the first is who will pay the premiums which you propose to offer for these plans , seeing that we could hardly propose to parliament to vote premiums for plans that are not to be executed , and secondly whether the artists of europe will not think that they have been trifled with in being asked to send in plans for an undertaking which the govt had on consideration determined not to [try] .

In the end , Hall 's attempt to involve the public was strangely muted .
in the end , hall 's [try] to involve the public was strangely muted .

Britain 's most formidable political rivals , France and Russia , had imposing capital cities largely consisting of neo-classical buildings laid out in a formal manner , and the competition , with its coupled town planning and detailed design components , was a conscious attempt to provide London with visual images worthy of its far greater imperial status , which perhaps needed reaffirming after the trauma of the Crimean War .
britain 's most formidable political rivals , france and russia , had imposing capital cities largely consisting of neo-classical buildings laid out in a formal manner , and the competition , with its coupled town planning and detailed design components , was a conscious [try] to provide london with visual images worthy of its far greater imperial status , which perhaps needed reaffirming after the trauma of the crimean war .

The French Renaissance motifs were competently handled and showed up well against Coe 's less able attempt .
the french renaissance motifs were competently handled and showed up well against coe 's less able [try] .

It seems to have been the only scheme to attempt an irregular solution , with recessed fronts to both offices towards the east and west sides of the site .
it seems to have been the only scheme to [try] an irregular solution , with recessed fronts to both offices towards the east and west sides of the site .

The first attempt to organize a professional body occurred in 1831 , when the Architects Society was formed .
the first [try] to organize a professional body occurred in 1831 , when the architects society was formed .

The judges ' decision can therefore be seen as an attempt by enlightened amateurs to retain their position as arbiters of taste in the face of these threats , by sponsoring a style of architecture which they felt would be an appropriate form of building in Victorian England .
the judges ' decision can therefore be seen as an [try] by enlightened amateurs to retain their position as arbiters of taste in the face of these threats , by sponsoring a style of architecture which they felt would be an appropriate form of building in victorian england .

Scott 's appointment could be easily justified on the grounds of his qualifications alone , but the attempt by the Select Committee to make something of the competition results only serves to cast doubt on the reasons for the appointment .
scott 's appointment could be easily justified on the grounds of his qualifications alone , but the [try] by the select committee to make something of the competition results only serves to cast doubt on the reasons for the appointment .

It seems that Manners was anxious to press ahead with building as quickly as possible in an attempt to pre-empt the Opposition from changing the scheme if they returned to power .
it seems that manners was anxious to press ahead with building as quickly as possible in an [try] to pre-empt the opposition from changing the scheme if they returned to power .

This was Scott 's third attempt to show how a residence could be included .
this was scott 's third [try] to show how a residence could be included .

Perhaps the retention of the State Paper Office and its adjacent houses led Scott to this asymmetrical composition , but he seems to have made little attempt to relate the design of his central tower to Soane 's Italianate structure even though it would have been only approximately 20 feet ( 6.096 m ) away .
perhaps the retention of the state paper office and its adjacent houses led scott to this asymmetrical composition , but he seems to have made little [try] to relate the design of his central tower to soane 's italianate structure even though it would have been only approximately 20 feet ( 6.096 m ) away .

MPs soon heard about Palmerston 's attempt to change the design , and over forty of them , led by Elcho , called on Palmerston on 29th July , 1859 , the day after Scott 's second letter , to say that they thought Scott 's design should be adopted .
mps soon heard about palmerston 's [try] to change the design , and over forty of them , led by elcho , called on palmerston on 29th july , 1859 , the day after scott 's second letter , to say that they thought scott 's design should be adopted .

All of these mechanisms — the inflammatory process , the process of tissue repair , the process of immunity and the phenomenon of shock — are anatomical and physiological body defence mechanisms against injury and disease which are protective , and are an attempt to prevent further damage .
all of these mechanisms — the inflammatory process , the process of tissue repair , the process of immunity and the phenomenon of shock — are anatomical and physiological body defence mechanisms against injury and disease which are protective , and are an [try] to prevent further damage .

If nurses are to attempt to prevent avoidable accidents to patients , they need to be aware of what and where the hazards are ; when accidents are most likely to occur ; and which patients are most at risk .
if nurses are to [try] to prevent avoidable accidents to patients , they need to be aware of what and where the hazards are ; when accidents are most likely to occur ; and which patients are most at risk .

Therefore , it is important for nurses to be aware of the problems of isolation as experienced by the patient , and to attempt to alleviate them .
therefore , it is important for nurses to be aware of the problems of isolation as experienced by the patient , and to [try] to alleviate them .

In fact , it is all too easy to conclude that if one 's message is misunderstood , the receiver is at fault ; and if the other person 's attempt to communicate is not understood , then the other person 's mode of expression is deficient in some way .
in fact , it is all too easy to conclude that if one 's message is misunderstood , the receiver is at fault ; and if the other person 's [try] to communicate is not understood , then the other person 's mode of expression is deficient in some way .

The nurse should therefore attempt to communicate only the information necessary for the patient to manage say , the next 24 hours .
the nurse should therefore [try] to communicate only the information necessary for the patient to manage say , the next 24 hours .

To empathise is to set aside our own perception of things and attempt to think the way the other person thinks , or feel the way he feels … a very different quality to sympathy .
to empathise is to set aside our own perception of things and [try] to think the way the other person thinks , or feel the way he feels … a very different quality to sympathy .

The counsellor 's task is to attempt to enter and share the personal world of the patient non-judgmentally , and understand the patient 's view of the world at that particular time .
the counsellor 's task is to [try] to enter and share the personal world of the patient non-judgmentally , and understand the patient 's view of the world at that particular time .

Is it not likely that the healing powers are continually trying to maintain order in the system but once the external stresses reach a certain level this can no longer be done ‘ passively ’ but the very attempt to keep a balance produces outward signs which we generally find uncomfortable and so call disease ; which is literally a lack of ease or disease .
is it not likely that the healing powers are continually trying to maintain order in the system but once the external stresses reach a certain level this can no longer be done ‘ passively ’ but the very [try] to keep a balance produces outward signs which we generally find uncomfortable and so call disease ; which is literally a lack of ease or disease .

Vygotsky stressed that children need social interaction and meaningful activities to develop , and he regarded high intrinsic motivation and mature , independent functioning as arising from the support granted by cultural experts as children attempt ever more challenging tasks .
vygotsky stressed that children need social interaction and meaningful activities to develop , and he regarded high intrinsic motivation and mature , independent functioning as arising from the support granted by cultural experts as children [try] ever more challenging tasks .

They can not appreciate why a character who at ﬁrst seemed like a “ good guy ” but later behaves aggressively is really a “ bad guy. ” They evaluate such characters and their actions much too favorably.110 For example , psychologist Sharon Purdie showed second graders a complex dramatic program in which an accused kidnapper , who had at ﬁrst appeared friendly , tried to shoot a prosecution witness and got arrested during the attempt .
they can not appreciate why a character who at ﬁrst seemed like a “ good guy ” but later behaves aggressively is really a “ bad guy. ” they evaluate such characters and their actions much too favorably.110 for example , psychologist sharon purdie showed second graders a complex dramatic program in which an accused kidnapper , who had at ﬁrst appeared friendly , tried to shoot a prosecution witness and got arrested during the [try] .

Because products are manufactured and ordered by SKU , some attempt must be made to forecast demand at that level .
because products are manufactured and ordered by sku , some [try] must be made to forecast demand at that level .

It can be shown that high variability in lead time means higher costs for retailers than somewhat longer , but more reliable lead times ; that is , it may be better to have a longer reliable lead time than an unpredictable one with a shorter average duration.14 The lean retailing policies described previously attempt to reduce both average lead times and lead-time variability through the imposition , for example , of penalties for late deliveries .
it can be shown that high variability in lead time means higher costs for retailers than somewhat longer , but more reliable lead times ; that is , it may be better to have a longer reliable lead time than an unpredictable one with a shorter average duration.14 the lean retailing policies described previously [try] to reduce both average lead times and lead-time variability through the imposition , for example , of penalties for late deliveries .

Although he modeled the building on Blois , he makes no attempt to create a replica of the sixteenth-century chateau , but draws details from other buildings of the period and recombines them into an original whole .
although he modeled the building on blois , he makes no [try] to create a replica of the sixteenth-century chateau , but draws details from other buildings of the period and recombines them into an original whole .

Sanchez-Tranquilino has analyzed the displacement of graffiti by murals in Chicano communities and finds that murals can be an extension of the barrio calligraphy rather than an attempt to control gang vandalism , as is sometimes assumed .
sanchez-tranquilino has analyzed the displacement of graffiti by murals in chicano communities and finds that murals can be an extension of the barrio calligraphy rather than an [try] to control gang vandalism , as is sometimes assumed .

Américo Paredes ’ s life work was an attempt to understand lo Mexicano of the Chicano experience through folklore , in the text of narratives and in the context of folk performances .
américo paredes ’ s life work was an [try] to understand lo mexicano of the chicano experience through folklore , in the text of narratives and in the context of folk performances .

How did the Fourteenth Amendment ’ s attempt to rectify the sins of 1787 fare in the grip of the antebellum intuitions that drove the Miller court ?
how did the fourteenth amendment ’ s [try] to rectify the sins of 1787 fare in the grip of the antebellum intuitions that drove the miller court ?

It is well to return to Schrödinger ’ s brilliant insights and his attempt at a central definition of life as a well-grounded starting place .
it is well to return to schrödinger ’ s brilliant insights and his [try] at a central definition of life as a well-grounded starting place .

In the summer of 1997 , NASA was busy attempting to formulate what it came to call “ astrobiology , ” an attempt to understand the origin , evolution , and characteristics of life anywhere in the universe .
in the summer of 1997 , nasa was busy attempting to formulate what it came to call “ astrobiology , ” an [try] to understand the origin , evolution , and characteristics of life anywhere in the universe .

It is helpful to attempt to formalize the concept of the adjacent possible .
it is helpful to [try] to formalize the concept of the adjacent possible .

Rather , we observe the macroscopic properties , find lawful features of those properties , then attempt to link them to suYcient conditions in our quantum mechanical description of matter .
rather , we observe the macroscopic properties , find lawful features of those properties , then [try] to link them to suycient conditions in our quantum mechanical description of matter .

Rational expectations grew , in part , out of an attempt to understand actual trading on stock exchanges .
rational expectations grew , in part , out of an [try] to understand actual trading on stock exchanges .

The complex theories , with many Fourier modes , attempt to predict fine details of the repeatable behavior .
the complex theories , with many fourier modes , [try] to predict fine details of the repeatable behavior .

A random other creature , say , Godzilla , is chosen to attempt to invade the current species niche .
a random other creature , say , godzilla , is chosen to [try] to invade the current species niche .

We will meet a similar problem in the next chapter when we attempt to distinguish between the function of a part of an organism and the other causal consequences of that part of the organism .
we will meet a similar problem in the next chapter when we [try] to distinguish between the function of a part of an organism and the other causal consequences of that part of the organism .

This attempt is better than nothing , but I am not persuaded that eVort is satisfactory , for the mathematical mappings of category theory are themselves finitely prestatable and a biosphere , I both fear and celebrate , is not .
this [try] is better than nothing , but i am not persuaded that evort is satisfactory , for the mathematical mappings of category theory are themselves finitely prestatable and a biosphere , i both fear and celebrate , is not .

I make no attempt to defend my own strong intuition that the answer is yes .
i make no [try] to defend my own strong intuition that the answer is yes .

Quite astonishingly , spin networks appear to have emerged from a direct attempt to quantize general relativity by Carlo Rovelli and Lee Smolin .
quite astonishingly , spin networks appear to have emerged from a direct [try] to quantize general relativity by carlo rovelli and lee smolin .

It may be entirely invalid to attempt to use a sum over histories argument in this quantum geometry setting .
it may be entirely invalid to [try] to use a sum over histories argument in this quantum geometry setting .

King Djoser of the Fourthth Dynasty was the first to attempt to build a large funerary monument to hold his mortal remains and protect the riches buried with him for his next life .
king djoser of the fourthth dynasty was the first to [try] to build a large funerary monument to hold his mortal remains and protect the riches buried with him for his next life .

Not until a 20th-century Western architect , Frank Lloyd Wright , arrived in Tokyo to build the earthquake-resistant Imperial Hotel was it considered possible — let alone desirable — to attempt to defy the ravages of nature .
not until a 20th-century western architect , frank lloyd wright , arrived in tokyo to build the earthquake-resistant imperial hotel was it considered possible — let alone desirable — to [try] to defy the ravages of nature .

In an attempt to counter a threat from the Saracen Muslims , a new potent religious force from the East , the Byzantine army forcefully enlisted the men of the islands .
in an [try] to counter a threat from the saracen muslims , a new potent religious force from the east , the byzantine army forcefully enlisted the men of the islands .

Although this attempt was unsuccessful , the campaign for a Greek state continued into the 19th century and began to grow in strength .
although this [try] was unsuccessful , the campaign for a greek state continued into the 19th century and began to grow in strength .

Today , an attempt is being made to recreate the statues in their prime , with modern materials .
today , an [try] is being made to recreate the statues in their prime , with modern materials .

He ’ d had a series of victories in various types of powered vehicles , including a victory on land at Daytona Beach in Florida , before coming to Coniston in 1967 to attempt to break the world record in speed boating .
he ’ d had a series of victories in various types of powered vehicles , including a victory on land at daytona beach in florida , before coming to coniston in 1967 to [try] to break the world record in speed boating .

This idyllic spot is as far as you should attempt to drive — the tropical track ahead will defeat most vehicles .
this idyllic spot is as far as you should [try] to drive — the tropical track ahead will defeat most vehicles .

To the dismay of Franco diehards , the king brilliantly managed the transition to democracy , then stood back to allow it full rein , even intervening during a brief attempt at a military coup .
to the dismay of franco diehards , the king brilliantly managed the transition to democracy , then stood back to allow it full rein , even intervening during a brief [try] at a military coup .

As Las Vegas embarks on the new millennium , one can sense an attempt by the city to accept its disparities , to come to grips with the nature of its own existence and place in America , and to thoughtfully wrestle with the challenges of its future .
as las vegas embarks on the new millennium , one can sense an [try] by the city to accept its disparities , to come to grips with the nature of its own existence and place in america , and to thoughtfully wrestle with the challenges of its future .

In 1637 his attempt to force the Scottish Presbyterian Church to accept an English liturgy and the rule of bishops led to civil revolt and rioting .
in 1637 his [try] to force the scottish presbyterian church to accept an english liturgy and the rule of bishops led to civil revolt and rioting .

Inside you can find a model of the city as it appeared at that time , as well as the National Covenant document signed by leading Scottish churchmen to protest the attempt by Charles I to introduce Episcopacy ( Church of England doctrine ) to Scotland .
inside you can find a model of the city as it appeared at that time , as well as the national covenant document signed by leading scottish churchmen to protest the [try] by charles i to introduce episcopacy ( church of england doctrine ) to scotland .

This new 4-storey hotel uses local furnishings , fabrics , and stone in a successful attempt to create a sympathetic harmony with its stunning natural setting .
this new 4-storey hotel uses local furnishings , fabrics , and stone in a successful [try] to create a sympathetic harmony with its stunning natural setting .

For all his accomplishments , Herod was nevertheless hated by his subjects ; he taxed , he tortured , and he ordered the massacre of male Jewish infants in an attempt to do away with the heralded Messiah .
for all his accomplishments , herod was nevertheless hated by his subjects ; he taxed , he tortured , and he ordered the massacre of male jewish infants in an [try] to do away with the heralded messiah .

Founded by French architect Auguste Mariette in an attempt to stop the flow of artifacts to museums around the world , it has grown into one of the major collections in the world , housing some of the finest treasures of the ancient Egyptian civilization .
founded by french architect auguste mariette in an [try] to stop the flow of artifacts to museums around the world , it has grown into one of the major collections in the world , housing some of the finest treasures of the ancient egyptian civilization .

Tell-tale signs of scaffolding are still visible , although the most visited destinations got the most immediate attention in an attempt to ready them for the Jubilee Year ’ s tourism .
tell-tale signs of scaffolding are still visible , although the most visited destinations got the most immediate attention in an [try] to ready them for the jubilee year ’ s tourism .

A local attempt to keep alive its centuries-old lace-making legacy continues , though much of what ’ s hawked is machine-made in China .
a local [try] to keep alive its centuries-old lace-making legacy continues , though much of what ’ s hawked is machine-made in china .

The Gardens If English and Japanese gardens attempt , in their different ways , to enhance nature by “ tidying it up ” while imitating a “ natural ” landscape , the French garden — which Versailles epitomizes — deliberately imposes a formal pattern .
the gardens if english and japanese gardens [try] , in their different ways , to enhance nature by “ tidying it up ” while imitating a “ natural ” landscape , the french garden — which versailles epitomizes — deliberately imposes a formal pattern .

All traces of an ugly 19th-century attempt to “ balance ” it with a second tower have been removed .
all traces of an ugly 19th-century [try] to “ balance ” it with a second tower have been removed .

Until recently , most visitors — counseled not to attempt to drive the island ’ s difficult roads — hopped aboard bus daytrips that took in the main attractions .
until recently , most visitors — counseled not to [try] to drive the island ’ s difficult roads — hopped aboard bus daytrips that took in the main attractions .

It was from here that Jonah boarded the ship for Tarshish in his attempt to flee the instructions of God ( Jonah : 1 , 3 ) , only to be swallowed by the whale .
it was from here that jonah boarded the ship for tarshish in his [try] to flee the instructions of god ( jonah : 1 , 3 ) , only to be swallowed by the whale .

The attitude expressed by Emperor Qianlong at Britian ’ s first attempt to open trade with China in 1793 continued to prevail : “ We possess all things , ” said the emperor , “ I set no value on objects strange or ingenious , and have no use for your country ’ s manufactures. ” Moreover , China would accept nothing but silver bullion in exchange for its goods , so Britian had to look for a more abundant commodity to square its accounts .
the attitude expressed by emperor qianlong at britian ’ s first [try] to open trade with china in 1793 continued to prevail : “ we possess all things , ” said the emperor , “ i set no value on objects strange or ingenious , and have no use for your country ’ s manufactures. ” moreover , china would accept nothing but silver bullion in exchange for its goods , so britian had to look for a more abundant commodity to square its accounts .

Then , the British Until the end of the 18th century , England had projected little interest in Malaya , though the EIC had made an abortive attempt in 1773 to use North Borneo as a base for its China trade .
then , the british until the end of the 18th century , england had projected little interest in malaya , though the eic had made an abortive [try] in 1773 to use north borneo as a base for its china trade .

Game-trackers will be out by this time in an attempt to locate the tiger ’ s hunting ground for the evening safari .
game-trackers will be out by this time in an [try] to locate the tiger ’ s hunting ground for the evening safari .

Colònia de Sant Jordi is lined with hotels and villas , but it seems a rather half-hearted attempt at a resort .
colònia de sant jordi is lined with hotels and villas , but it seems a rather half-hearted [try] at a resort .

In 1635 the Japanese were forbidden , on pain of death , to attempt to travel abroad , and Japanese citizens already overseas were prevented from returning , in case they brought back subversive Christian doctrines .
in 1635 the japanese were forbidden , on pain of death , to [try] to travel abroad , and japanese citizens already overseas were prevented from returning , in case they brought back subversive christian doctrines .

Today the original park , which isn ’ t remotely as fantastic as Disneyland , has expanded to six themed areas in an attempt to attract audiences of all ages and interests .
today the original park , which isn ’ t remotely as fantastic as disneyland , has expanded to six themed areas in an [try] to attract audiences of all ages and interests .

Extra time , too , is required if you with to attempt the climb up Mount Mulu ( 2,376 m/7,793 ft ) , whose summit was successfully reached by Lord Shackelton in 1932 after earlier known attempts in the nineteenth century had failed .
extra time , too , is required if you with to [try] the climb up mount mulu ( 2,376 m/7,793 ft ) , whose summit was successfully reached by lord shackelton in 1932 after earlier known attempts in the nineteenth century had failed .

A less innocent error was an American attempt to erase four centuries of Spanish history .
a less innocent error was an american [try] to erase four centuries of spanish history .

Soon there was little left of the once great Spanish empire , and an attempt in 1873 to form a republic failed .
soon there was little left of the once great spanish empire , and an [try] in 1873 to form a republic failed .

In 1897 , in an attempt to curb the worst excesses of the Big Easy , Alderman Sidney Story created a city ordinance outlawing prostitution everywhere in the city except for a small , specific area just beyond the French Quarter , where it could be contained and controlled .
in 1897 , in an [try] to curb the worst excesses of the big easy , alderman sidney story created a city ordinance outlawing prostitution everywhere in the city except for a small , specific area just beyond the french quarter , where it could be contained and controlled .

Philip upheld Portuguese autonomy , making no attempt to unite his two kingdoms .
philip upheld portuguese autonomy , making no [try] to unite his two kingdoms .

Pombal dominated Portugal as an enlightened despot , banishing the Jesuits and executing certain members of the nobility who may have been involved in an assassination attempt on the king .
pombal dominated portugal as an enlightened despot , banishing the jesuits and executing certain members of the nobility who may have been involved in an assassination [try] on the king .

In an attempt to stem the loss , ugly jetties were built , and a network of concrete blocks was planted into the sea .
in an [try] to stem the loss , ugly jetties were built , and a network of concrete blocks was planted into the sea .

There are also guides offering their services to those who want to climb Gunung Agung ; only the fit and well-prepared should attempt it , and only in the dry season .
there are also guides offering their services to those who want to climb gunung agung ; only the fit and well-prepared should [try] it , and only in the dry season .

In retaliation for this unsuccessful attempt to expel Westerners from Beijing , military forces representing the eight foreign nations resident in the capital went on a rampage , destroying the national library and even setting fire to the Summer Palace .
in retaliation for this unsuccessful [try] to expel westerners from beijing , military forces representing the eight foreign nations resident in the capital went on a rampage , destroying the national library and even setting fire to the summer palace .

Other exhibits concentrate on later events , like the first attempt to integrate the schools in 1848 .
other exhibits concentrate on later events , like the first [try] to integrate the schools in 1848 .

The local beer has become China ’ s national beer , exported worldwide in big green bottles or modern cans under the old spelling of the town ’ s name , “ Tsingtao. ” Brewery tours can be arranged , and the Qingdao International Beer Festival in mid-August has become China ’ s first attempt at an “ Oktoberfest . ”
the local beer has become china ’ s national beer , exported worldwide in big green bottles or modern cans under the old spelling of the town ’ s name , “ tsingtao. ” brewery tours can be arranged , and the qingdao international beer festival in mid-august has become china ’ s first [try] at an “ oktoberfest . ”

In 1936 a flame was brought from Athens to Berlin to inaugurate the Olympic Games , an attempt at Aryan propaganda which was soundly destroyed by black athlete Jesse Owens , who won four gold medals .
in 1936 a flame was brought from athens to berlin to inaugurate the olympic games , an [try] at aryan propaganda which was soundly destroyed by black athlete jesse owens , who won four gold medals .

He claimed the whole coastal territory for Queen Elizabeth I , but England was being kept busy with other concerns and no attempt was made to settle the new territory .
he claimed the whole coastal territory for queen elizabeth i , but england was being kept busy with other concerns and no [try] was made to settle the new territory .

Since buildings were kept low-rise in an attempt to make them earthquake proof , Athens began to spread outwards across the olive groves of nearby valleys .
since buildings were kept low-rise in an [try] to make them earthquake proof , athens began to spread outwards across the olive groves of nearby valleys .

In the 18th century , an attempt was made to improve its plodding appearance with some baroque additions , but the church remains rather lifeless .
in the 18th century , an [try] was made to improve its plodding appearance with some baroque additions , but the church remains rather lifeless .

The war left Greece utterly devastated , and the factions squabbled ceaselessly in an attempt to gain political advantage .
the war left greece utterly devastated , and the factions squabbled ceaselessly in an [try] to gain political advantage .

We do not attempt an encyclopedic coverage of every nook and cranny from the U.S. border to the Arctic Circle , but we do provide a representative sample of the country ’ s attractions .
we do not [try] an encyclopedic coverage of every nook and cranny from the u.s. border to the arctic circle , but we do provide a representative sample of the country ’ s attractions .

Benjamin Franklin stayed here during his fruitless attempt to win Québec over to the American cause .
benjamin franklin stayed here during his fruitless [try] to win québec over to the american cause .

The family of Neville Chamberlain , the British Prime Minister who attempted to negotiate with Hitler before World War II , created a sisal farm on the island , but the attempt failed miserably .
the family of neville chamberlain , the british prime minister who attempted to negotiate with hitler before world war ii , created a sisal farm on the island , but the [try] failed miserably .

Ancient Greeks did not attempt to sail around but portaged their huge vessels across the 6 km ( 4 mile ) wide isthmus , and as early as a.d. 67 , the Roman Emperor Nero was making the first attempts at cutting a canal .
ancient greeks did not [try] to sail around but portaged their huge vessels across the 6 km ( 4 mile ) wide isthmus , and as early as a.d. 67 , the roman emperor nero was making the first attempts at cutting a canal .

What makes the situation different in Amsterdam in modern times is that the industry has been legitimized and regulated in an attempt to curb the most disturbing facets of exploitation and in order to address health concerns .
what makes the situation different in amsterdam in modern times is that the industry has been legitimized and regulated in an [try] to curb the most disturbing facets of exploitation and in order to address health concerns .

This is Anne Frank Huis ( Anne Frank House ) , where during the Nazi occupation of Amsterdam this young girl , her family , and a small group of others hid for two years in an attempt to avoid capture and deportation .
this is anne frank huis ( anne frank house ) , where during the nazi occupation of amsterdam this young girl , her family , and a small group of others hid for two years in an [try] to avoid capture and deportation .

The British were more successful on a second attempt in 1816 , forcing Nepal to give up Sikkim , Darjeeling , and some territory to the far west .
the british were more successful on a second [try] in 1816 , forcing nepal to give up sikkim , darjeeling , and some territory to the far west .

A tour through the cave includes a brief ride on an underground river in a boat ( which would-be emigrants once stole for an unsuccessful escape attempt to Florida ) .
a tour through the cave includes a brief ride on an underground river in a boat ( which would-be emigrants once stole for an unsuccessful escape [try] to florida ) .

Sports stores will attempt to sell you all manner of “ essential ” running equipment — haute couture tracksuits and shoes , lap timers , sweatbands , pedometers — but all you really need is a good pair of running shoes and a towel .
sports stores will [try] to sell you all manner of “ essential ” running equipment — haute couture tracksuits and shoes , lap timers , sweatbands , pedometers — but all you really need is a good pair of running shoes and a towel .

The cross remained during the Spanish conquest and even survived an attempt to destroy it by the pirate Cavendish .
the cross remained during the spanish conquest and even survived an [try] to destroy it by the pirate cavendish .

At the beginning of the 20th century , the Cretan council decided to open a leper colony on the island ; whether this was an attempt to force the Turks to leave is open to debate but the disease was rampant on the main island and Spinalónga ’ s position — offshore yet not too remote — was considered ideal for study of the disease and a quarantine for its sufferers .
at the beginning of the 20th century , the cretan council decided to open a leper colony on the island ; whether this was an [try] to force the turks to leave is open to debate but the disease was rampant on the main island and spinalónga ’ s position — offshore yet not too remote — was considered ideal for study of the disease and a quarantine for its sufferers .

It is surrounded by Echo Wall , into which visitors attempt to whisper messages that can be heard by friends at distant points along the wall .
it is surrounded by echo wall , into which visitors [try] to whisper messages that can be heard by friends at distant points along the wall .

At Baiyunguan the first courtyard features the Wind Containing Bridge , where visitors attempt to ensure their good fortune by striking a 17th-century copper bell with coins .
at baiyunguan the first courtyard features the wind containing bridge , where visitors [try] to ensure their good fortune by striking a 17th-century copper bell with coins .

In the mid-1990 's there was a concerted attempt in Congress to eliminate funding entirely for the Legal Services Corporation , a nationwide program dedicated to providing civil legal services to lowincome Americans .
in the mid-1990 's there was a concerted [try] in congress to eliminate funding entirely for the legal services corporation , a nationwide program dedicated to providing civil legal services to lowincome americans .

Having lost the use of his left arm in warding off the machete attack during a robbery attempt , Joseph said he found it increasingly difficult to negotiate the five flights of stairs lugging groceries or laundry on the frequent occasions when the building 's elevator was out of order .
having lost the use of his left arm in warding off the machete attack during a robbery [try] , joseph said he found it increasingly difficult to negotiate the five flights of stairs lugging groceries or laundry on the frequent occasions when the building 's elevator was out of order .

It has been requiring states to consolidate legal aid groups in an attempt to conserve money and improve services .
it has been requiring states to consolidate legal aid groups in an [try] to conserve money and improve services .

Lawyers at Todd Trierweiler & Associates attempt rescue missions in monthly bankruptcy clinics .
lawyers at todd trierweiler & associates [try] rescue missions in monthly bankruptcy clinics .

The city started the rental inspection program in 1994 in an attempt to crack down on property owners who fail to maintain their homes , whether split into apartments or rented as a single-family residence .
the city started the rental inspection program in 1994 in an [try] to crack down on property owners who fail to maintain their homes , whether split into apartments or rented as a single-family residence .

Only some of them receive help from the Civil Court 's Self-Representation Office , which Dean Glen termed a `` valiant attempt '' at fair resolution .
only some of them receive help from the civil court 's self-representation office , which dean glen termed a `` valiant [try] '' at fair resolution .

Family members and partners can be of significant assistance in the intervention.48 However , they can also interfere with the interview by suggesting non-cooperation , interfering with the candidness of the self-report , and trying to protect the patient from the intervention in some misguided attempt to help .
family members and partners can be of significant assistance in the intervention.48 however , they can also interfere with the interview by suggesting non-cooperation , interfering with the candidness of the self-report , and trying to protect the patient from the intervention in some misguided [try] to help .

I am going to show you a clip from a video entitled The Emergency Physician and the Problem Drinker : Motivating Patients for Change.3 Actual ED scenarios are used to demonstrate common problems or traps that arise when physicians attempt to counsel patients about their alcohol use .
i am going to show you a clip from a video entitled the emergency physician and the problem drinker : motivating patients for change.3 actual ed scenarios are used to demonstrate common problems or traps that arise when physicians [try] to counsel patients about their alcohol use .

She noted that research studies often attempt to control so many variables and follow up with patients so frequently that control groups receive so much attention focused on alcohol that it may constitute an intervention , particularly when compared with patients who receive standard care .
she noted that research studies often [try] to control so many variables and follow up with patients so frequently that control groups receive so much attention focused on alcohol that it may constitute an intervention , particularly when compared with patients who receive standard care .

Hore B , Alsafar J , Wilkins R. An attempt at criterion-oriented validation of an alcoholism questionnaire in general practice .
hore b , alsafar j , wilkins r. an [try] at criterion-oriented validation of an alcoholism questionnaire in general practice .

This strategy would attempt to broaden the focus of current research activities to include the ED .
this strategy would [try] to broaden the focus of current research activities to include the ed .

Finally , CBO did not attempt to price the relocation of personnel to a central location .
finally , cbo did not [try] to price the relocation of personnel to a central location .

We also did not attempt to assess the prevalence of the examples we cite among the senior executives within the same agency .
we also did not [try] to assess the prevalence of the examples we cite among the senior executives within the same agency .

Such assertions also serve as an attempt to discount the need for meaningful reform to help prevent future accountability failures .
such assertions also serve as an [try] to discount the need for meaningful reform to help prevent future accountability failures .

Some suits are likely in order to attempt to right alleged fiduciary breaches .
some suits are likely in order to [try] to right alleged fiduciary breaches .

This site provides guidance , information and tools to government and nonprofit managers as they attempt to design and implement measurementbased management in state , local , and federal government environments .
this site provides guidance , information and tools to government and nonprofit managers as they [try] to design and implement measurementbased management in state , local , and federal government environments .

We did not attempt to verify the performance data that agencies provided .
we did not [try] to verify the performance data that agencies provided .

The group does not usually attempt to obtain or develop specific numbers for threat likelihood or annual loss estimates unless the data for determining such factors are readily available .
the group does not usually [try] to obtain or develop specific numbers for threat likelihood or annual loss estimates unless the data for determining such factors are readily available .

Congress asked whether the experiences of these organizations could yield worthwhile lessons for federal agencies as they attempt to implement GPRA .
congress asked whether the experiences of these organizations could yield worthwhile lessons for federal agencies as they [try] to implement gpra .

Strategic information management will be an important part of any federal agency 's attempt to implement GPRA successfully .
strategic information management will be an important part of any federal agency 's [try] to implement gpra successfully .

Even where the President has made a formal claim of Executive Privilege , which is not the case here , federal courts have held that the executive and legislative branches have a duty to attempt to reach a mutual accommodation.6 As we have stated earlier , the Vice President « s representatives have declined to discuss reaching any accommodation .
even where the president has made a formal claim of executive privilege , which is not the case here , federal courts have held that the executive and legislative branches have a duty to [try] to reach a mutual accommodation.6 as we have stated earlier , the vice president « s representatives have declined to discuss reaching any accommodation .

Although GAO may give an agency up to 30 calendar days to comment , GAO may attempt to obtain comments in shorter time frames , depending on the product timing needs of the requester and the complexity of the issues involved .
although gao may give an agency up to 30 calendar days to comment , gao may [try] to obtain comments in shorter time frames , depending on the product timing needs of the requester and the complexity of the issues involved .

This is the second attempt by the Departments to issue such a rule .
this is the second [try] by the departments to issue such a rule .

DOD has made changes to its acquisition policy2 in an attempt to improve its framework for developing weapon systems , but the policy does not require the capture of design or manufacturing knowledge or sufficient criteria to enter the system demonstration and production phases .
dod has made changes to its acquisition policy2 in an [try] to improve its framework for developing weapon systems , but the policy does not require the capture of design or manufacturing knowledge or sufficient criteria to enter the system demonstration and production phases .

Historically , DOD 's approach has been to develop new weapon systems that often attempt to satisfy the full requirement in a single step , regardless of the design challenge or the maturity of technologies necessary to achieve the full capability .
historically , dod 's approach has been to develop new weapon systems that often [try] to satisfy the full requirement in a single step , regardless of the design challenge or the maturity of technologies necessary to achieve the full capability .

These prototypes represented the first attempt to build the product solely using manufacturing personnel , production tooling , and production processes .
these prototypes represented the first [try] to build the product solely using manufacturing personnel , production tooling , and production processes .

In an attempt to balance the interests , the Commission has decided to retain the sunset date of 2005 as the date after which licensees would not have to pay relocation costs to incumbents but decided that incumbents would not convert to secondary status until and unless an emerging technology licensee required use of the spectrum , regardless of the sunset date .
in an [try] to balance the interests , the commission has decided to retain the sunset date of 2005 as the date after which licensees would not have to pay relocation costs to incumbents but decided that incumbents would not convert to secondary status until and unless an emerging technology licensee required use of the spectrum , regardless of the sunset date .

The group does not usually attempt to obtain or develop specific numbers for threat likelihood or annual loss estimates unless the data for determining such factors are readily available .
the group does not usually [try] to obtain or develop specific numbers for threat likelihood or annual loss estimates unless the data for determining such factors are readily available .

GAO anticipates that an agency will attempt to arrange for its personnel to be available for an entrance conference no later than 14 calendar days after receiving a request for a meeting .
gao anticipates that an agency will [try] to arrange for its personnel to be available for an entrance conference no later than 14 calendar days after receiving a request for a meeting .

To others , `` a random sample is necessary for a case study , '' `` case studies are nonnormative research that investigate a situation without prejudice , '' `` where we could look at a limited number of cases that would represent the universe overall , '' and `` a review of relevant conditions in a specific environment with no attempt to project to a larger universe . ''
to others , `` a random sample is necessary for a case study , '' `` case studies are nonnormative research that investigate a situation without prejudice , '' `` where we could look at a limited number of cases that would represent the universe overall , '' and `` a review of relevant conditions in a specific environment with no [try] to project to a larger universe . ''

Last year , in an attempt to address significant management and accountability problems with federal student financial aid programs , Congress enacted the first PBO , the Office of Student Financial Assistance , within the Department of Education .
last year , in an [try] to address significant management and accountability problems with federal student financial aid programs , congress enacted the first pbo , the office of student financial assistance , within the department of education .

The statute is an attempt to draw lines around the LSC program to exclude from litigation those arguments and theories Congress finds unacceptable but which by their nature are within the province of the courts to consider .
the statute is an [try] to draw lines around the lsc program to exclude from litigation those arguments and theories congress finds unacceptable but which by their nature are within the province of the courts to consider .

LSC views the issues concerning the CSR data to be akin to those encountered by many government entities as they attempt to meet the goals envisioned by the Government Performance and Results Act ( GPRA ) .
lsc views the issues concerning the csr data to be akin to those encountered by many government entities as they [try] to meet the goals envisioned by the government performance and results act ( gpra ) .

ILS currently has a 3-month sub-grant agreement with the Legal Services Program of Northern Indiana , Inc. ( LSPNI ) which previously received an LSC grant , in order to attempt to reach an agreement with LSPNI regarding transfer of staff and other assets from LSPNI to ILS .
ils currently has a 3-month sub-grant agreement with the legal services program of northern indiana , inc. ( lspni ) which previously received an lsc grant , in order to [try] to reach an agreement with lspni regarding transfer of staff and other assets from lspni to ils .

These two documents define the mission of the state 's civil legal assistance delivery system , express key `` Equal Justice Values '' and attempt to identify corresponding `` Core Capacities , '' to serve the mission .
these two documents define the mission of the state 's civil legal assistance delivery system , express key `` equal justice values '' and [try] to identify corresponding `` core capacities , '' to serve the mission .

CEF Moderate Case Scenario The authors of the Clean Energy Future ( CEF ) report describe their analysis as an attempt to `` assess how energy-efficient and clean energy technologies can address key energy and environmental challenges facing the US '' ( Brown , et al , 2001 ) .
cef moderate case scenario the authors of the clean energy future ( cef ) report describe their analysis as an [try] to `` assess how energy-efficient and clean energy technologies can address key energy and environmental challenges facing the us '' ( brown , et al , 2001 ) .

As I talk about the process , I will attempt to debunk a few myths and set the record straight on what you may have heard at previous get togethers .
as i talk about the process , i will [try] to debunk a few myths and set the record straight on what you may have heard at previous get togethers .

Moreover , when the Commission does attempt to shave some time off of the 10 months provided in the law , representatives of mailers both large and small object .
moreover , when the commission does [try] to shave some time off of the 10 months provided in the law , representatives of mailers both large and small object .

The analysis presented here is an attempt to address the second argument .
the analysis presented here is an [try] to address the second argument .

Perhaps on City Mail 's third attempt , we will finally have a valid test of whether Sweden Post actually needs monopoly protection in order to provide universal service at reasonable prices .
perhaps on city mail 's third [try] , we will finally have a valid test of whether sweden post actually needs monopoly protection in order to provide universal service at reasonable prices .

We make no attempt to adjust for these increases .
we make no [try] to adjust for these increases .

Delivery cream skimmers would attempt to serve those areas where the cost to deliver carrier route pieces is the lowest ( i.e. , where the volume of carrier route pieces is the highest ) .
delivery cream skimmers would [try] to serve those areas where the cost to deliver carrier route pieces is the lowest ( i.e. , where the volume of carrier route pieces is the highest ) .

In addition , during the month following Hazmi 's departure from San Diego , he emailed his housemate three times , including a January 2001 email that Hazmi signed `` Smer , '' an apparent attempt to conceal his identity that struck the housemate as strange at the time .
in addition , during the month following hazmi 's departure from san diego , he emailed his housemate three times , including a january 2001 email that hazmi signed `` smer , '' an apparent [try] to conceal his identity that struck the housemate as strange at the time .

These Saudis then decided to travel to Afghanistan , where they could train and wait to make another attempt to enter Chechnya during the summer of 2000 .
these saudis then decided to travel to afghanistan , where they could train and wait to make another [try] to enter chechnya during the summer of 2000 .

Although the guidance to stay in place may seem understandable in cases of conventional high-rise fires , FDNY chiefs in the North Tower lobby determined at once that all building occupants should attempt to evacuate immediately .
although the guidance to stay in place may seem understandable in cases of conventional high-rise fires , fdny chiefs in the north tower lobby determined at once that all building occupants should [try] to evacuate immediately .

Others ascended to attempt to reach the roof but were thwarted by locked doors .
others ascended to [try] to reach the roof but were thwarted by locked doors .

This lack of information , combined with the general advice to remain where they were , may have caused civilians above the impact not to attempt to descend , although stairwell A may have been passable .
this lack of information , combined with the general advice to remain where they were , may have caused civilians above the impact not to [try] to descend , although stairwell a may have been passable .

An attempt was made to track responding units ' assignments on a magnetic board , but the number of units and individual firefighters arriving in the lobby made this an overwhelming task .
an [try] was made to track responding units ' assignments on a magnetic board , but the number of units and individual firefighters arriving in the lobby made this an overwhelming task .

Upon learning from a company security official that the impact zone began at the 78th floor , a ladder company transmitted this information , and the battalion chief directed an engine company staged on the 40th floor to attempt to find an elevator to reach that upper level .
upon learning from a company security official that the impact zone began at the 78th floor , a ladder company transmitted this information , and the battalion chief directed an engine company staged on the 40th floor to [try] to find an elevator to reach that upper level .

Another helicopter did attempt to do so , and its pilot stated that the severity of the heat from the jet fuel-laden fire in the North Tower would have made it impossible to hover low enough for a rescue , because the high temperature would have destabilized the helicopter .
another helicopter did [try] to do so , and its pilot stated that the severity of the heat from the jet fuel-laden fire in the north tower would have made it impossible to hover low enough for a rescue , because the high temperature would have destabilized the helicopter .

Some of these firefighters did not know that the South Tower had collapsed , but many chose despite that knowledge to remain in an attempt to save additional lives .
some of these firefighters did not know that the south tower had collapsed , but many chose despite that knowledge to remain in an [try] to save additional lives .

This failure may have been harmful to civilians on the upper floors of the South Tower who called 911 and were not told that their only evacuation hope was to attempt to descend , not to ascend .
this failure may have been harmful to civilians on the upper floors of the south tower who called 911 and were not told that their only evacuation hope was to [try] to descend , not to ascend .

Any attempt to establish a unified command on 9/11 would have been further frustrated by the lack of communication and coordination among responding agencies .
any [try] to establish a unified command on 9/11 would have been further frustrated by the lack of communication and coordination among responding agencies .

After being assigned to a mission in the U.S. , he secretly reentered the Kingdom but failed in an attempt to have his name removed from the list of prohibited travelers so that he could obtain a U.S. visa .
after being assigned to a mission in the u.s. , he secretly reentered the kingdom but failed in an [try] to have his name removed from the list of prohibited travelers so that he could obtain a u.s. visa .

On Kahtani 's attempt to enter the U.S. , see INS record , withdrawal of application for admission of Kahtani , Aug. 4 , 2001 .
on kahtani 's [try] to enter the u.s. , see ins record , withdrawal of application for admission of kahtani , aug. 4 , 2001 .

For the ESU team 's arrival in the North Tower and attempt to talk with the FDNY chiefs without OEM intervention , see Jules Naudet and Gedeon Naudet , video footage , Sept. 11 , 2001 ; NYPD interview 5 , ESU ( Feb. 19 , 2004 ) ; NYPD interview 6 , ESU ( Feb. 19 , 2004 ) .
for the esu team 's arrival in the north tower and [try] to talk with the fdny chiefs without oem intervention , see jules naudet and gedeon naudet , video footage , sept. 11 , 2001 ; nypd interview 5 , esu ( feb. 19 , 2004 ) ; nypd interview 6 , esu ( feb. 19 , 2004 ) .

Ramzi Yousef and Khalid Sheikh Mohammed masterminded the 1995 Manila air plot , and KSM helped fund Yousef 's attempt to blow up the World Trade Center in 1993 .
ramzi yousef and khalid sheikh mohammed masterminded the 1995 manila air plot , and ksm helped fund yousef 's [try] to blow up the world trade center in 1993 .

Congress gave little guidance to executive branch agencies , did not reform them in any significant way , and did not systematically perform oversight to identify , address , and attempt to resolve the many problems in national security and domestic agencies that became apparent in the aftermath of 9/11 .
congress gave little guidance to executive branch agencies , did not reform them in any significant way , and did not systematically perform oversight to identify , address , and [try] to resolve the many problems in national security and domestic agencies that became apparent in the aftermath of 9/11 .

The State Department detected his money in aid to the Yemeni terrorists who set a bomb in an attempt to kill U.S. troops in Aden in 1992 .
the state department detected his money in aid to the yemeni terrorists who set a bomb in an [try] to kill u.s. troops in aden in 1992 .

Special Operations Forces were later told that they might be ordered to attempt very high-risk in-and-out raids either in Khartoum , to capture a senior Bin Ladin operative known as Abu Hafs the Mauritanian- who appeared to be engineering some of the plots-or in Kandahar , to capture Bin Ladin himself .
special operations forces were later told that they might be ordered to [try] very high-risk in-and-out raids either in khartoum , to capture a senior bin ladin operative known as abu hafs the mauritanian- who appeared to be engineering some of the plots-or in kandahar , to capture bin ladin himself .

However , if these hurdles were addressed , and if the military could then operate regularly in the region for a long period , perhaps clandestinely , it might RESPONSES TO AL QAEDA 'S INITIAL ASSAULTS 137 attempt to gather intelligence and wait for an opportunity .
however , if these hurdles were addressed , and if the military could then operate regularly in the region for a long period , perhaps clandestinely , it might responses to al qaeda 's initial assaults 137 [try] to gather intelligence and wait for an opportunity .

The millennium plotting in Canada in 1999 may have been part of Bin Ladin 's first serious attempt to implement a terrorist strike in the US .
the millennium plotting in canada in 1999 may have been part of bin ladin 's first serious [try] to implement a terrorist strike in the us .

The one attempt to consolidate such committee authority , the House Select Committee on Homeland Security , may be eliminated .
the one [try] to consolidate such committee authority , the house select committee on homeland security , may be eliminated .

On January 3 , an attempt was made to attack a U.S.warship in Aden , the USS The Sullivans .
on january 3 , an [try] was made to attack a u.s.warship in aden , the uss the sullivans .

The attempt failed when the small boat , overloaded with explosives , sank .
the [try] failed when the small boat , overloaded with explosives , sank .

The operatives salvaged their equipment without the attempt becoming known , and they put off their plans for another day .
the operatives salvaged their equipment without the [try] becoming known , and they put off their plans for another day .

In early August , the tribals reported an attempt to ambush Bin Ladin 's convoy as he traveled on the road between Kabul and Kandahar city- their first such reported interdiction attempt in more than a year and a half .
in early august , the tribals reported an [try] to ambush bin ladin 's convoy as he traveled on the road between kabul and kandahar city- their first such reported interdiction [try] in more than a year and a half .

In January 2000 , their team had attempted to attack a warship in the port of Aden , but the attempt failed when the suicide boat sank .
in january 2000 , their team had attempted to attack a warship in the port of aden , but the [try] failed when the suicide boat sank .

Rice told us that this attempt by Hadley to dictate a solution had failed and that she eventually had to intervene herself .
rice told us that this [try] by hadley to dictate a solution had failed and that she eventually had to intervene herself .

Social and Economic Malaise In the 1970s and early 1980s , an unprecedented flood of wealth led the then largely unmodernized oil states to attempt to shortcut decades of development .
social and economic malaise in the 1970s and early 1980s , an unprecedented flood of wealth led the then largely unmodernized oil states to [try] to shortcut decades of development .

Bin Ladin may have no longer felt safe in Sudan , where he had already escaped at least one assassination attempt that he believed to have been the work of the Egyptian or Saudi regimes , or both .
bin ladin may have no longer felt safe in sudan , where he had already escaped at least one assassination [try] that he believed to have been the work of the egyptian or saudi regimes , or both .

While in Sudan , he reportedly failed in his attempt to meet with Bin Ladin .
while in sudan , he reportedly failed in his [try] to meet with bin ladin .

An attempt to execute that plan by attacking the USS The Sullivans had failed just a few days earlier .
an [try] to execute that plan by attacking the uss the sullivans had failed just a few days earlier .

In an attempt to rebuild everything at once , the highest priority efforts might not get the maximum support that they need .
in an [try] to rebuild everything at once , the highest priority efforts might not get the maximum support that they need .

The alleged attempt was reported on August 10 , 2000 ; see CIA memo , Bonk to McCarthy and Clarke , `` Attempted Interdiction of Suspect Bin Ladin 's Convoy , '' Aug. 11 , 2000 .
the alleged [try] was reported on august 10 , 2000 ; see cia memo , bonk to mccarthy and clarke , `` attempted interdiction of suspect bin ladin 's convoy , '' aug. 11 , 2000 .

For doubts as to whether the tribals made this attempt , see Cofer Black interview ( Dec. 9 , 2003 ) ; Richard interview ( Dec. 11 , 2003 ) .
for doubts as to whether the tribals made this [try] , see cofer black interview ( dec. 9 , 2003 ) ; richard interview ( dec. 11 , 2003 ) .

Sweeney 's first attempt failed , as did a second at 8:24 .
sweeney 's first [try] failed , as did a second at 8:24 .

An attempt to hijack an Israeli airliner was thwarted .
an [try] to hijack an israeli airliner was thwarted .

To them , international travel presents great danger , because they must surface to pass through regulated channels , present themselves to border security officials , or attempt to circumvent inspection points .
to them , international travel presents great danger , because they must surface to pass through regulated channels , present themselves to border security officials , or [try] to circumvent inspection points .

He may have made an attempt to stop the hijackers in front of him , not realizing that another was sitting behind him .
he may have made an [try] to stop the hijackers in front of him , not realizing that another was sitting behind him .

According to one call , they voted on whether to rush the terrorists in an attempt to retake the plane .
according to one call , they voted on whether to rush the terrorists in an [try] to retake the plane .

In all of these instances , the job of the controller was to reach out to the aircraft , the parent company of the aircraft , and other planes in the vicinity in an attempt to reestablish communications and set the aircraft back on course .
in all of these instances , the job of the controller was to reach out to the aircraft , the parent company of the aircraft , and other planes in the vicinity in an [try] to reestablish communications and set the aircraft back on course .

Every attempt would be made to have the hijacked aircraft squawk 7500 to help NORAD track it .
every [try] would be made to have the hijacked aircraft squawk 7500 to help norad track it .

However , the great need for the biological and human sciences to integrate across subdisciplines , as the authors bravely attempt here , makes this a hugely worthwhile book .
however , the great need for the biological and human sciences to integrate across subdisciplines , as the authors bravely [try] here , makes this a hugely worthwhile book .

Thus , we did not attempt IPC transplantations in overtly diabetic animals , since prior studies suggest that insulin production at 10 % of normal ( or greater ) may be required to improve glucose regulation in diabetic patients and animal models [ 10,41 ] .
thus , we did not [try] ipc transplantations in overtly diabetic animals , since prior studies suggest that insulin production at 10 % of normal ( or greater ) may be required to improve glucose regulation in diabetic patients and animal models [ 10,41 ] .

Here I shall outline the understanding of organizer formation and neural induction as it has evolved over recent times and attempt to integrate recent results from different species into a common pattern .
here i shall outline the understanding of organizer formation and neural induction as it has evolved over recent times and [try] to integrate recent results from different species into a common pattern .

This may be an honest attempt at portraying the conflicted reactions we all have to abnormality , but it seems bound to cause trouble .
this may be an honest [try] at portraying the conflicted reactions we all have to abnormality , but it seems bound to cause trouble .

Such trials attempt to obtain an unbiased randomization of patients with respect to known and unknown baseline conditions and to assess the effects of an intervention .
such trials [try] to obtain an unbiased randomization of patients with respect to known and unknown baseline conditions and to assess the effects of an intervention .

The authors then cultured these polyclonal precursors with appropriate tissue-specific stimulation in attempt to produce fat , bone , cartilage , or muscle cells .
the authors then cultured these polyclonal precursors with appropriate tissue-specific stimulation in [try] to produce fat , bone , cartilage , or muscle cells .

While the ultimate goal is to map the human brain , the atlas ushers in a new era of neurogenetics—an attempt to make connections between anatomical , genetic , and behavioral observations .
while the ultimate goal is to map the human brain , the atlas ushers in a new era of neurogenetics—an [try] to make connections between anatomical , genetic , and behavioral observations .

One possibility is that by sequestering α-synuclein into this insoluble body and compartmentalizing the potentially toxic species away from possible targets in the cytoplasm , the Lewy body represents an attempt of the cell to protect itself ( Olanow et al .
one possibility is that by sequestering α-synuclein into this insoluble body and compartmentalizing the potentially toxic species away from possible targets in the cytoplasm , the lewy body represents an [try] of the cell to protect itself ( olanow et al .

This can occur either through the biological impact of a condition ( diagnosed or preclinical ) or as an inducement to attempt to lose weight as a means to improve health .
this can occur either through the biological impact of a condition ( diagnosed or preclinical ) or as an inducement to [try] to lose weight as a means to improve health .

They may be a well-intentioned but ignorant attempt to preserve the family .
they may be a well-intentioned but ignorant [try] to preserve the family .

The best-known resonance theory was that formulated by Helmholtz , but at that time no satisfactory resonating elements could be identified , and it lapsed until Gold 's attempt to revive it .
the best-known resonance theory was that formulated by helmholtz , but at that time no satisfactory resonating elements could be identified , and it lapsed until gold 's [try] to revive it .

A Little Guilty Knowledge Is a Dangerous Thing Even this kind of personalized approach with fMRI is fraught with problems when researchers attempt to apply it outside the clinic , because of limitations in the technology itself .
a little guilty knowledge is a dangerous thing even this kind of personalized approach with fmri is fraught with problems when researchers [try] to apply it outside the clinic , because of limitations in the technology itself .

In 2002 , Langleben showed that when subjects were hiding information in an attempt to deceive ( so-called guilty knowledge ) , they had intense activity in five distinct brain areas not seen when they were telling the truth .
in 2002 , langleben showed that when subjects were hiding information in an [try] to deceive ( so-called guilty knowledge ) , they had intense activity in five distinct brain areas not seen when they were telling the truth .

Courts already consider other factors , such as a history of child abuse , in an attempt to more fully understand the psychological state of the defendant .
courts already consider other factors , such as a history of child abuse , in an [try] to more fully understand the psychological state of the defendant .

Hyperresistinemia impairs glucose homeostasis in rodents [ 49,50 ] , and inflammatory states are associated with insulin resistance [ 36 ] , which may serve as a physiological attempt to increase the provision of glucose to the brain under stress conditions .
hyperresistinemia impairs glucose homeostasis in rodents [ 49,50 ] , and inflammatory states are associated with insulin resistance [ 36 ] , which may serve as a physiological [try] to increase the provision of glucose to the brain under stress conditions .

Ioannidis does n't define “ findings , ” but it seems important to attempt to separate data ( “ in this study 5 % of people examined who lived in San Francisco from 1965–1970 developed lung cancer compared with 20 % of people studied who lived in Anchorage ” ) from conclusions ( “ lung cancer rates are higher in Anchorage than San Francisco ” ) and hypotheses ( “ cold weather exacerbates the consequences of smoking ” ) .
ioannidis does n't define “ findings , ” but it seems important to [try] to separate data ( “ in this study 5 % of people examined who lived in san francisco from 1965–1970 developed lung cancer compared with 20 % of people studied who lived in anchorage ” ) from conclusions ( “ lung cancer rates are higher in anchorage than san francisco ” ) and hypotheses ( “ cold weather exacerbates the consequences of smoking ” ) .

This contains a ( not wholly convincing ) attempt to conceptualise the definition of intelligence in terms of prediction rather than behaviour , and then to describe its possible instantiation in the anatomy ( and mostly only the anatomy ) of the cortex .
this contains a ( not wholly convincing ) [try] to conceptualise the definition of intelligence in terms of prediction rather than behaviour , and then to describe its possible instantiation in the anatomy ( and mostly only the anatomy ) of the cortex .

The biological problems that are really difficult to unscramble are those where there is almost infinity of plausible answers and one has to painstakingly attempt to distinguish between them. ” ( Crick 1990 , p. 157–158 ) .
the biological problems that are really difficult to unscramble are those where there is almost infinity of plausible answers and one has to painstakingly [try] to distinguish between them. ” ( crick 1990 , p. 157–158 ) .

Unpacking the Family History Risk Factor Studies of families , adoptees , and twins have been widely used to attempt to understand the relative contributions of genetic and environmental effects upon risk for schizophrenia .
unpacking the family history risk factor studies of families , adoptees , and twins have been widely used to [try] to understand the relative contributions of genetic and environmental effects upon risk for schizophrenia .

In a research article published in PLoS Medicine , Christine Costello and colleagues have gone further with cDNA microarrays to attempt to decipher gene regulatory events and identify genes that might be involved in the pathophysiology of these IBD .
in a research article published in plos medicine , christine costello and colleagues have gone further with cdna microarrays to [try] to decipher gene regulatory events and identify genes that might be involved in the pathophysiology of these ibd .

In an attempt to make things easier he might answer , `` I 'm rebuilding an organ at EuroDisney , and I 'm running pretty late .
in an [try] to make things easier he might answer , `` i 'm rebuilding an organ at eurodisney , and i 'm running pretty late .

I take from this the conclusion that a desire to integrate different impressions , feelings , or impulses into a self is based on an illusory belief that it is even possible , and therefore that the attempt to integrate is always a failure .
i take from this the conclusion that a desire to integrate different impressions , feelings , or impulses into a self is based on an illusory belief that it is even possible , and therefore that the [try] to integrate is always a failure .

We will attempt to look at the behaviors and beliefs of persons seeking sexual and emotional connections and their outcomes in modes of being that both create shared subjectivities and build institutions .
we will [try] to look at the behaviors and beliefs of persons seeking sexual and emotional connections and their outcomes in modes of being that both create shared subjectivities and build institutions .

He is accused of personally picking the spot for the abortive attempt to kill President Mugabe as he passed in his motorcade on August 4 last year .
he is accused of personally picking the spot for the abortive [try] to kill president mugabe as he passed in his motorcade on august 4 last year .

Full of condmenation and dismay , these interviews > > attempt to reassure us of the deep democratic sentiment that > > animates Americans .
full of condmenation and dismay , these interviews > > [try] to reassure us of the deep democratic sentiment that > > animates americans .

Was this a deliberate attempt to mute the criticism of his temper , or was he going after the Forbes alien vote ?
was this a deliberate [try] to mute the criticism of his temper , or was he going after the forbes alien vote ?

The new magazines , packed with tobacco ads , are an attempt to plug the `` communication gap '' ( as an R.J. Reynolds memo puts it ) created by independent magazines , which generally limit tobacco ads to only 2 percent or 3 percent of total ads .
the new magazines , packed with tobacco ads , are an [try] to plug the `` communication gap '' ( as an r.j. reynolds memo puts it ) created by independent magazines , which generally limit tobacco ads to only 2 percent or 3 percent of total ads .

The S & P 500 itself is added to and subtracted from in an attempt to make the index look as much like the stock market , and the economy as a whole , as possible .
the s & p 500 itself is added to and subtracted from in an [try] to make the index look as much like the stock market , and the economy as a whole , as possible .

Competitors and consumer advocates feel AT & T has n't gone far enough and worry that this is a proactive attempt by the company to avoid stricter industry regulation .
competitors and consumer advocates feel at & t has n't gone far enough and worry that this is a proactive [try] by the company to avoid stricter industry regulation .

USA Today goes with a story everybody else stuffs : the decision by a federal judge to block a web news service 's attempt to post the annual financial disclosure forms submitted by all federal judges .
usa today goes with a story everybody else stuffs : the decision by a federal judge to block a web news service 's [try] to post the annual financial disclosure forms submitted by all federal judges .

The Post explains that the indictment might be an attempt to squeeze new leads out of Lee .
the post explains that the indictment might be an [try] to squeeze new leads out of lee .

Apple sees it as his sole responsibility to establish the conventional wisdom and rejects any attempt by the rest of the media conspiracy to assist him .
apple sees it as his sole responsibility to establish the conventional wisdom and rejects any [try] by the rest of the media conspiracy to assist him .

Indeed , you can make no attempt to even find a job or support your family , and you 'll still qualify for $ 230 a month in food stamps ( for a two-person family ) or $ 329 ( for a three-person family ) or $ 419 ( for four ) .
indeed , you can make no [try] to even find a job or support your family , and you 'll still qualify for $ 230 a month in food stamps ( for a two-person family ) or $ 329 ( for a three-person family ) or $ 419 ( for four ) .

Though the author of Advertisements for Myself has always liked his sex the way a schoolboy likes his pie -- any way he can get it -- he was never the hippest cat in the pack ( witness `` The White Negro , '' his attempt to grapple with the Beats , which proved the adage that those who had to ask what hip was , were n't ) .
though the author of advertisements for myself has always liked his sex the way a schoolboy likes his pie -- any way he can get it -- he was never the hippest cat in the pack ( witness `` the white negro , '' his [try] to grapple with the beats , which proved the adage that those who had to ask what hip was , were n't ) .

Neither attempt at seduction is especially appealing , and neither man takes rejection well .
neither [try] at seduction is especially appealing , and neither man takes rejection well .

One even hopes they are insincere , an attempt by Anderson to stay in step with the Zeitgeist of the '90s and the Promise Keepers .
one even hopes they are insincere , an [try] by anderson to stay in step with the zeitgeist of the '90s and the promise keepers .

They do n't rob Fort Knox , attempt to wipe out the Eastern seaboard , or even molest the Mormon Tabernacle Choir .
they do n't rob fort knox , [try] to wipe out the eastern seaboard , or even molest the mormon tabernacle choir .

A separate WP op-ed by woman who participated in the TRC says that despite some flaws in the process -- victims ' lives did not materially improve , and perpetrators may still lie about their full involvement -- the TRC symbolizes an attempt to move forward , rather than sink into the `` spiral of violence and revenge '' that often engulfs the aftermath of 20th-century atrocities .
a separate wp op-ed by woman who participated in the trc says that despite some flaws in the process -- victims ' lives did not materially improve , and perpetrators may still lie about their full involvement -- the trc symbolizes an [try] to move forward , rather than sink into the `` spiral of violence and revenge '' that often engulfs the aftermath of 20th-century atrocities .

As all papers note , Jordan strongly denied that his job-search on Lewinsky 's behalf was an attempt to get her to lie in the Jones case .
as all papers note , jordan strongly denied that his job-search on lewinsky 's behalf was an [try] to get her to lie in the jones case .

Meanwhile , says the paper , in a last-ditch attempt to avert bombing , U.S. envoy Richard Holbrooke is still holding talks with Milosevic .
meanwhile , says the paper , in a last-ditch [try] to avert bombing , u.s. envoy richard holbrooke is still holding talks with milosevic .

The unusual move was a reaction to both Congressional Republicans who threaten to impeachment judges based on their rulings and to campaign contributors who attempt to influence elected state judges .
the unusual move was a reaction to both congressional republicans who threaten to impeachment judges based on their rulings and to campaign contributors who [try] to influence elected state judges .

Although Whitewater and Ken Starr were banned topics in the courtroom , it 's apparent that some jurors thought the state case was an attempt to pressure McDougal to cooperate in that matter .
although whitewater and ken starr were banned topics in the courtroom , it 's apparent that some jurors thought the state case was an [try] to pressure mcdougal to cooperate in that matter .

The Wall Street Journal reports that Wal-Mart has sued Amazon.com over what the Arkansas-based retailer says is an attempt to obtain the trade secrets of its computer system for identifying and mining customer preference data .
the wall street journal reports that wal-mart has sued amazon.com over what the arkansas-based retailer says is an [try] to obtain the trade secrets of its computer system for identifying and mining customer preference data .

These developments trace back to one Manhattan strip bar 's attempt to avoid Rudy 's wrath by admitting minors accompanied by adults .
these developments trace back to one manhattan strip bar 's [try] to avoid rudy 's wrath by admitting minors accompanied by adults .

It 's this : Is the president 's new emphasis on food stamps an attempt to create an issue for the first lady to use against New York Mayor Rudolph Giuliani , whose administration has been accused of making it too hard to get the stamps ?
it 's this : is the president 's new emphasis on food stamps an [try] to create an issue for the first lady to use against new york mayor rudolph giuliani , whose administration has been accused of making it too hard to get the stamps ?

The Wall Street Journal tops its `` World-Wide '' column with Russia 's most aggressive attempt yet to seize Grozny , a story the USAT 's off-leads .
the wall street journal tops its `` world-wide '' column with russia 's most aggressive [try] yet to seize grozny , a story the usat 's off-leads .

In other words , it 's not through an open debate or an attempt to reach a consensus that the best conclusion is reached .
in other words , it 's not through an open debate or an [try] to reach a consensus that the best conclusion is reached .

The NYT lead explains that at issue is not the strict zoning confinement of adult businesses championed by the Giuliani administration -- that has been upheld in court -- but rather its attempt to say that a business was adult-oriented if 40 percent or more of its floor space or stock was adults-only .
the nyt lead explains that at issue is not the strict zoning confinement of adult businesses championed by the giuliani administration -- that has been upheld in court -- but rather its [try] to say that a business was adult-oriented if 40 percent or more of its floor space or stock was adults-only .

This reg was a clever attempt to define a vague , moral concept -- pornography -- by a specific , non-moral one -- square footage .
this reg was a clever [try] to define a vague , moral concept -- pornography -- by a specific , non-moral one -- square footage .

For a great artist like Kazan to immolate himself to protect the rights of lesser artists , or more precisely in a quixotic attempt to protect those rights , would have been heroic .
for a great artist like kazan to immolate himself to protect the rights of lesser artists , or more precisely in a quixotic [try] to protect those rights , would have been heroic .

What follows is a taxonomy of the Senate , an attempt to classify senators and explain why they 're doing what they 're doing .
what follows is a taxonomy of the senate , an [try] to classify senators and explain why they 're doing what they 're doing .

He said , 'Was this an attempt to subvert the Constitution ? '
he said , 'was this an [try] to subvert the constitution ? '

What really struck me in Skidelsky 's account , however , was the extent to which conventional opinion in the 1920s viewed high unemployment as a good thing , a sign that excesses were being corrected and discipline restored -- so that even a successful attempt to reflate the economy would be a mistake .
what really struck me in skidelsky 's account , however , was the extent to which conventional opinion in the 1920s viewed high unemployment as a good thing , a sign that excesses were being corrected and discipline restored -- so that even a successful [try] to reflate the economy would be a mistake .

Prior to that , an attempt in the 1960s had failed because the patient 's body rejected the new hand as foreign tissue .
prior to that , an [try] in the 1960s had failed because the patient 's body rejected the new hand as foreign tissue .

In Maariv , Yosef Lapid wrote that Hussein might have made two grave mistakes -- in 1967 when he joined Egypt 's abortive attempt to destroy Israel , and in 1990 when he supported Saddam Hussein 's invasion of Kuwait -- but he was nevertheless `` the only Arab leader Israeli citizens saw as 'an enemy who became a friend . '
in maariv , yosef lapid wrote that hussein might have made two grave mistakes -- in 1967 when he joined egypt 's abortive [try] to destroy israel , and in 1990 when he supported saddam hussein 's invasion of kuwait -- but he was nevertheless `` the only arab leader israeli citizens saw as 'an enemy who became a friend . '

Hilary Spurling 's Matisse is a careful and tightly focused attempt to illuminate a painter 's development .
hilary spurling 's matisse is a careful and tightly focused [try] to illuminate a painter 's development .

In any event , by the 1940s groovy had expanded beyond the jazz world and -- a harbinger of what would happen in the 1960s and '70s -- was being used by nongroovy adults in a typically pathetic attempt to seem hip .
in any event , by the 1940s groovy had expanded beyond the jazz world and -- a harbinger of what would happen in the 1960s and '70s -- was being used by nongroovy adults in a typically pathetic [try] to seem hip .

The postgame hype revolves around whether Elway will attempt a `` threepeat '' next year or will retire on top as Michael Jordan did .
the postgame hype revolves around whether elway will [try] a `` threepeat '' next year or will retire on top as michael jordan did .

The latest attempt to circle the globe in a balloon failed .
the latest [try] to circle the globe in a balloon failed .

Later , he tries to deduce that her attempt to avoid testifying in the Paula Jones case must have been Clinton 's idea .
later , he tries to deduce that her [try] to avoid testifying in the paula jones case must have been clinton 's idea .

Is n't the most reprehensible aspect of Clinton 's conduct from a moral point of view the fact that he either orchestrated or knowingly permitted the resources of his position and office to be used in an attempt to destroy the reputations of those who have accused him of misdeeds ?
is n't the most reprehensible aspect of clinton 's conduct from a moral point of view the fact that he either orchestrated or knowingly permitted the resources of his position and office to be used in an [try] to destroy the reputations of those who have accused him of misdeeds ?

Nolte 's eyes are slits in dough , and his huge gestures might be an attempt to compensate for their tininess .
nolte 's eyes are slits in dough , and his huge gestures might be an [try] to compensate for their tininess .

Critics attribute the show 's cult following to the timeless power of bathroom humor and to its dark and clever plots , such as a thwarted assassination attempt on Kathie Lee Gifford .
critics attribute the show 's cult following to the timeless power of bathroom humor and to its dark and clever plots , such as a thwarted assassination [try] on kathie lee gifford .

His attempt to annul them had triggered an uprising that increasingly threatens to force him from power .
his [try] to annul them had triggered an uprising that increasingly threatens to force him from power .

An F-16 followed a 727 descending into New York -- setting off the 727 's alarms and causing its pilot to attempt violent evasive maneuvers .
an f-16 followed a 727 descending into new york -- setting off the 727 's alarms and causing its pilot to [try] violent evasive maneuvers .

This is an attempt to resolve the scandal over whether the banks ingratiated themselves to the Nazis and stole deposits made by Holocaust victims .
this is an [try] to resolve the scandal over whether the banks ingratiated themselves to the nazis and stole deposits made by holocaust victims .

A reporter 's memoir about his own unsuccessful attempt at running an Internet startup .
a reporter 's memoir about his own unsuccessful [try] at running an internet startup .

His manager explained that Bowe was scrapping his much-publicized attempt to serve in the corps ( his boyhood dream ) because Marine training turned out to be a lot harder than his boxing training regimen ( four hours of work interrupted by a nap ) , and Bowe did n't like being told what to do .
his manager explained that bowe was scrapping his much-publicized [try] to serve in the corps ( his boyhood dream ) because marine training turned out to be a lot harder than his boxing training regimen ( four hours of work interrupted by a nap ) , and bowe did n't like being told what to do .

Meanwhile , in its latest attempt to prove its critics right , China threatened trade sanctions against Disney on the grounds that a movie being co-produced by a Disney subsidiary `` is intended to glorify the Dalai Lama , so it is an interference in China 's internal affairs . ''
meanwhile , in its latest [try] to prove its critics right , china threatened trade sanctions against disney on the grounds that a movie being co-produced by a disney subsidiary `` is intended to glorify the dalai lama , so it is an interference in china 's internal affairs . ''

While Eleanor 's agenda looks separatist -- women-only press conferences , an attempt to avert World War II through a Lysistrata -style `` women 's strike for peace '' -- it also succeeds in grafting onto Roosevelt 's coalition new blocs of the hitherto-disenfranchised without which the New Deal would be impracticable .
while eleanor 's agenda looks separatist -- women-only press conferences , an [try] to avert world war ii through a lysistrata -style `` women 's strike for peace '' -- it also succeeds in grafting onto roosevelt 's coalition new blocs of the hitherto-disenfranchised without which the new deal would be impracticable .

The most high-handed moment of his presidency -- the attempt to pack the Supreme Court in 1937 -- is made the worse by his almost insane assertion that the Supreme Court was one of the `` three horses '' pulling the New Deal `` plow . ''
the most high-handed moment of his presidency -- the [try] to pack the supreme court in 1937 -- is made the worse by his almost insane assertion that the supreme court was one of the `` three horses '' pulling the new deal `` plow . ''

It comes across as an attempt to build camaraderie on the assumption that we 're all in the 80 percent of white Americans who think O.J .
it comes across as an [try] to build camaraderie on the assumption that we 're all in the 80 percent of white americans who think o.j .

A hearty thanks to Seth Stevenson for his piece `` An Innocent Romance , '' which is another blow struck for sanity in this war against Starr 's sinister attempt to manipulate our emotions .
a hearty thanks to seth stevenson for his piece `` an innocent romance , '' which is another blow struck for sanity in this war against starr 's sinister [try] to manipulate our emotions .

I am impressed by Slate 's attempt to use hip language , but I 'm afraid someone has been lax in his cataloging of the latest terminology .
i am impressed by slate 's [try] to use hip language , but i 'm afraid someone has been lax in his cataloging of the latest terminology .

Finkelstein 's attempt to tar me with the brush of Goldhagenism is telling .
finkelstein 's [try] to tar me with the brush of goldhagenism is telling .

Modest , it will not attempt to solve all the problems relating to campaign finance , lobbying , and other activities that allow money to buy influence in politics .
modest , it will not [try] to solve all the problems relating to campaign finance , lobbying , and other activities that allow money to buy influence in politics .

It is jacketed with the sober brown paper that covered The Book of Virtues , and it seems a calculating attempt by Bennett to secure his franchise as America 's scold in chief .
it is jacketed with the sober brown paper that covered the book of virtues , and it seems a calculating [try] by bennett to secure his franchise as america 's scold in chief .

It is an attempt to trump the other side 's facts and arguments by smearing them as a shill for the man behind the curtain .
it is an [try] to trump the other side 's facts and arguments by smearing them as a shill for the man behind the curtain .

Would there be another attempt to overthrow Gingrich ?
would there be another [try] to overthrow gingrich ?

He says the coup plot was merely a cry for attention by the GOP freshman class of 1994 , not a serious attempt at getting rid of him .
he says the coup plot was merely a cry for attention by the gop freshman class of 1994 , not a serious [try] at getting rid of him .

A classic illustration of the spillover problem is the Communications Decency Act , passed earlier this year in an attempt to stop `` indecency '' on the Internet .
a classic illustration of the spillover problem is the communications decency act , passed earlier this year in an [try] to stop `` indecency '' on the internet .

At an event in Iowa this year , there were five crews from CBS alone , including a crew for 60 Minutes , one for a special the network was doing , one for Sunday Morning , another for the news that night , and one for the `` pool '' -- the take-turns-and-share system sometimes imposed on the press in a futile attempt to cut down on this sort of insanity .
at an event in iowa this year , there were five crews from cbs alone , including a crew for 60 minutes , one for a special the network was doing , one for sunday morning , another for the news that night , and one for the `` pool '' -- the take-turns-and-share system sometimes imposed on the press in a futile [try] to cut down on this sort of insanity .

I think it makes at least an in-good-faith attempt to be fun and riveting enough on a page-by-page level so I do n't feel like I 'm hitting the reader with a mallet , you know , `` Hey , here 's this really hard impossibly smart thing .
i think it makes at least an in-good-faith [try] to be fun and riveting enough on a page-by-page level so i do n't feel like i 'm hitting the reader with a mallet , you know , `` hey , here 's this really hard impossibly smart thing .

Is it bad manners for a guest to excuse himself from the dinner table , go to the small bathroom off the dining room , and attempt to participate in the conversation ?
is it bad manners for a guest to excuse himself from the dinner table , go to the small bathroom off the dining room , and [try] to participate in the conversation ?

Newly available records show that he ratted on a radical leftist group in 1974 in an attempt to reduce his prison sentence .
newly available records show that he ratted on a radical leftist group in 1974 in an [try] to reduce his prison sentence .

Prudie is not sure about a total blanket tent for both baby and breast , but an attempt at decorous draping would seem the thing to strive for .
prudie is not sure about a total blanket tent for both baby and breast , but an [try] at decorous draping would seem the thing to strive for .

The crowd 's attempt to raze the festival grounds symbolizes the collapse of communal bonds and boundaries .
the crowd 's [try] to raze the festival grounds symbolizes the collapse of communal bonds and boundaries .

He says the violent trash talking of his youth was an attempt to scare white folks because `` they scared us . ''
he says the violent trash talking of his youth was an [try] to scare white folks because `` they scared us . ''

In the weeks since his essay appeared , Weiner 's motives , methods , and assertions have been roundly attacked by Said and his friends , and Weiner has made some attempt at clarification .
in the weeks since his essay appeared , weiner 's motives , methods , and assertions have been roundly attacked by said and his friends , and weiner has made some [try] at clarification .

Revelations : Reagan lost half his blood after John Hinckley 's assassination attempt , and he approved the arms-for-hostages deal while woozily recovering from cancer surgery .
revelations : reagan lost half his blood after john hinckley 's assassination [try] , and he approved the arms-for-hostages deal while woozily recovering from cancer surgery .

One excerpt , in the form of a screenplay fragment , floats Nancy Reagan 's view that Jane Wyman roped the Gipper into marriage by feigning a suicide attempt .
one excerpt , in the form of a screenplay fragment , floats nancy reagan 's view that jane wyman roped the gipper into marriage by feigning a suicide [try] .

The Russian air force bombed the Chechen city of Grozny over the weekend in what the International Herald Tribune described as an attempt to `` destroy Islamic militants based in Chechnya . ''
the russian air force bombed the chechen city of grozny over the weekend in what the international herald tribune described as an [try] to `` destroy islamic militants based in chechnya . ''

Oregon led the way with an attempt at explicit rationing -- treating only the diseases that were most likely to benefit from treatment and increasing the coverage as money allowed .
oregon led the way with an [try] at explicit rationing -- treating only the diseases that were most likely to benefit from treatment and increasing the coverage as money allowed .

After the Death with Dignity Act survived a repeal attempt and court challenges , the Oregon governor 's office concluded ( correctly , I think ) that physician-assisted suicide was a medical procedure eligible for inclusion in the prioritization list .
after the death with dignity act survived a repeal [try] and court challenges , the oregon governor 's office concluded ( correctly , i think ) that physician-assisted suicide was a medical procedure eligible for inclusion in the prioritization list .

Even though Kosovo was the West 's attempt to compensate for the failures outlined in Slaughterhouse , as recently as last September Rieff opposed military action against Serbia in an op-ed , calling such intervention unwarranted because the sufferings of the Kosovars `` pale in comparison '' with the starvation of refugees in southern Sudan and Sierra Leone .
even though kosovo was the west 's [try] to compensate for the failures outlined in slaughterhouse , as recently as last september rieff opposed military action against serbia in an op-ed , calling such intervention unwarranted because the sufferings of the kosovars `` pale in comparison '' with the starvation of refugees in southern sudan and sierra leone .

Early in Austin Powers : The Spy Who Shagged Me , the stumpy , snaggletoothed British secret agent ( Mike Myers ) survives an assassination attempt by his new bride , Vanessa ( Elizabeth Hurley ) , who turns out to have been a `` fembot '' programmed by his nemesis , Dr .
early in austin powers : the spy who shagged me , the stumpy , snaggletoothed british secret agent ( mike myers ) survives an assassination [try] by his new bride , vanessa ( elizabeth hurley ) , who turns out to have been a `` fembot '' programmed by his nemesis , dr .

A partially successful cloning attempt by Dr .
a partially successful cloning [try] by dr .

In an attempt to humiliate President Clinton , the GOP exposed its `` creeping isolationism '' and reckless willingness to hinder global security for partisan pleasure .
in an [try] to humiliate president clinton , the gop exposed its `` creeping isolationism '' and reckless willingness to hinder global security for partisan pleasure .

I believe the prevailing Republican opinion was largely generated from an anti-Clinton feeling , particularly after a failed attempt at removing him from office .
i believe the prevailing republican opinion was largely generated from an anti-clinton feeling , particularly after a failed [try] at removing him from office .

The blitz march of our troops was an attempt to make matters develop in full compliance with the U.N .
the blitz march of our troops was an [try] to make matters develop in full compliance with the u.n .

Ofili is a black Roman Catholic , and to my mind the picture represents an earnest attempt to appropriate the Virgin for black culture .
ofili is a black roman catholic , and to my mind the picture represents an earnest [try] to appropriate the virgin for black culture .

In the final weeks of the campaign , two religious groups called on the faithful to support Muslim-affiliated parties , which was seen by many observers as an attempt to undermine front-runner Megawati Sukarnoputri , the leader of the Indonesian Democratic Party-Struggle and daughter of Sukarno , Indonesia 's founding president .
in the final weeks of the campaign , two religious groups called on the faithful to support muslim-affiliated parties , which was seen by many observers as an [try] to undermine front-runner megawati sukarnoputri , the leader of the indonesian democratic party-struggle and daughter of sukarno , indonesia 's founding president .

In an interview , the 68-year-old Murdoch details his overdue midlife crisis : divorce , a move to a downtown Manhattan loft , a nubile new wife , and an avowed attempt to dress like his twentysomething sons .
in an interview , the 68-year-old murdoch details his overdue midlife crisis : divorce , a move to a downtown manhattan loft , a nubile new wife , and an avowed [try] to dress like his twentysomething sons .

More biting reviews say it 's yet another in the recent rash of single-girl-in-the-city novels , just a `` wobbly attempt to follow in Bridget Jones 's Manolo Blahniks '' ( Yahlin Chan , Newsweek ) .
more biting reviews say it 's yet another in the recent rash of single-girl-in-the-city novels , just a `` wobbly [try] to follow in bridget jones 's manolo blahniks '' ( yahlin chan , newsweek ) .

Politicos disagree about which was clumsier : Bill 's offer of clemency to cultivate Puerto Rican support for his wife 's Senate campaign ; or Hillary 's rejection of that support in an attempt to cultivate her own identity .
politicos disagree about which was clumsier : bill 's offer of clemency to cultivate puerto rican support for his wife 's senate campaign ; or hillary 's rejection of that support in an [try] to cultivate her own identity .

Pundits whether the assistance was an apolitical gesture of friendship or an attempt at improper influence .
pundits whether the assistance was an apolitical gesture of friendship or an [try] at improper influence .

Fast would n't identify this person to Morris and Morris does n't mention any attempt to track him down .
fast would n't identify this person to morris and morris does n't mention any [try] to track him down .

It said the four-hour delay before the nation was told the outcome of the coup attempt may have been caused by Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif 's refusal to resign as the army looked for a constitutional way to remove him .
it said the four-hour delay before the nation was told the outcome of the coup [try] may have been caused by prime minister nawaz sharif 's refusal to resign as the army looked for a constitutional way to remove him .

If the first ranking was a measure of how good each beer was , this was an attempt to explain what made it good .
if the first ranking was a measure of how good each beer was , this was an [try] to explain what made it good .

In another Indian editorial , the Times of India said that while `` Pakistan 's fifth attempt at aggression against India '' has ended , like all previous ones , `` in ignominious defeat , '' its leaders are `` in the process of trying to proclaim victory once again . ''
in another indian editorial , the times of india said that while `` pakistan 's fifth [try] at aggression against india '' has ended , like all previous ones , `` in ignominious defeat , '' its leaders are `` in the process of trying to proclaim victory once again . ''

The alternative -- preventing capital flight directly , and thereby gaining a breathing space -- was supposed to be completely impossible , with any attempt a sure recipe for disaster .
the alternative -- preventing capital flight directly , and thereby gaining a breathing space -- was supposed to be completely impossible , with any [try] a sure recipe for disaster .

He is unafraid of his own infirmity , caused by advancing age and by the residual effects of a 1981 assassination attempt .
he is unafraid of his own infirmity , caused by advancing age and by the residual effects of a 1981 assassination [try] .

A leader in Britain 's Observer took an unusual position , claiming that the carelessly erected buildings of the 1980s , which have been blamed for the quake 's massive death toll , represent Turkey 's `` attempt to escape from stagnation and backwardness by letting private enterprise rip . ''
a leader in britain 's observer took an unusual position , claiming that the carelessly erected buildings of the 1980s , which have been blamed for the quake 's massive death toll , represent turkey 's `` [try] to escape from stagnation and backwardness by letting private enterprise rip . ''

Local developer Eugene Pfeifer III , a vocal opponent of the library , owns a piece of property in the presidential park and promises to fight the city 's attempt to take his property by eminent domain .
local developer eugene pfeifer iii , a vocal opponent of the library , owns a piece of property in the presidential park and promises to fight the city 's [try] to take his property by eminent domain .

The more sensible advocates of currency boards and , if necessary , dollarization , have always based their views less on hope than on fear -- fear that any attempt to fight a recession by devaluing would lead instead to a surge in inflation and a financial collapse .
the more sensible advocates of currency boards and , if necessary , dollarization , have always based their views less on hope than on fear -- fear that any [try] to fight a recession by devaluing would lead instead to a surge in inflation and a financial collapse .

The site makes a weak attempt to enlist new members for the voyage to the Kingdom of Heaven .
the site makes a weak [try] to enlist new members for the voyage to the kingdom of heaven .

Our attempt to defuse the crisis between India and Pakistan began with emergency meetings of the foreign ministers of the P-5 ( the five permanent members of the U.N. Security Council ) and the G-8 ( the seven major industrialized democracies , plus Russia ) .
our [try] to defuse the crisis between india and pakistan began with emergency meetings of the foreign ministers of the p-5 ( the five permanent members of the u.n. security council ) and the g-8 ( the seven major industrialized democracies , plus russia ) .

Like how I fear every attempt at universal health care will be sandbagged by the insurance companies .
like how i fear every [try] at universal health care will be sandbagged by the insurance companies .

Perhaps it also reflects an attempt to avenge Reagan 's rout of the intellectual class .
perhaps it also reflects an [try] to avenge reagan 's rout of the intellectual class .

I also fear that every attempt at universal health care will be sandbagged by the health companies , not to mention that now that I have been so very critical of Giuliani , it 's only a matter of time before the police kick in my door and hall me off to jail , as if I were a dangerous criminal , like Mary Boone .
i also fear that every [try] at universal health care will be sandbagged by the health companies , not to mention that now that i have been so very critical of giuliani , it 's only a matter of time before the police kick in my door and hall me off to jail , as if i were a dangerous criminal , like mary boone .

The New York Times , Los Angeles Times , and Washington Post each lead with the latest development in the White House 's attempt to stave off a Senate defeat of the comprehensive nuclear test ban treaty -- President Clinton 's submission of a letter to Senate Majority Leader Trent Lott asking him to postpone his planned floor vote on the treaty .
the new york times , los angeles times , and washington post each lead with the latest development in the white house 's [try] to stave off a senate defeat of the comprehensive nuclear test ban treaty -- president clinton 's submission of a letter to senate majority leader trent lott asking him to postpone his planned floor vote on the treaty .

Alas , this is my second attempt to respond to your last message .
alas , this is my second [try] to respond to your last message .

The judge said the attempt to regulate guns through tort law represented an `` improper attempt to have this court substitute its judgment for that of the legislature . ''
the judge said the [try] to regulate guns through tort law represented an `` improper [try] to have this court substitute its judgment for that of the legislature . ''

New York Mayor Rudolph Giuliani defends his attempt to withdraw taxpayer money from the `` Sensation '' art exhibit in Brooklyn .
new york mayor rudolph giuliani defends his [try] to withdraw taxpayer money from the `` sensation '' art exhibit in brooklyn .

Nor did any president advocate or attempt to produce downward distribution of wealth ; even Democrats ( Kennedy and Johnson included ) explicitly rejected that as a social goal .
nor did any president advocate or [try] to produce downward distribution of wealth ; even democrats ( kennedy and johnson included ) explicitly rejected that as a social goal .

The more interesting aspect of Rudy Giuliani 's latest attempt to bring order to our fair city was the way it showcased how little parking there is in New York .
the more interesting aspect of rudy giuliani 's latest [try] to bring order to our fair city was the way it showcased how little parking there is in new york .

Language is also a kind of self-regulating system , adjusting system-wide to its users ' needs and whims , and it is also a system in which the users attempt formal and informal kinds of regulation , establishing standards or trying to do so , making judgments about our own language use and that of other people ( in the words of the radio commercial , `` People judge you by the words you use ... '' ) .
language is also a kind of self-regulating system , adjusting system-wide to its users ' needs and whims , and it is also a system in which the users [try] formal and informal kinds of regulation , establishing standards or trying to do so , making judgments about our own language use and that of other people ( in the words of the radio commercial , `` people judge you by the words you use ... '' ) .

The LAT and WP front Microsoft 's attempt to have Congress cut next year 's proposed budget for the Justice Department 's anti-trust division -- an odd lobbying effort that , even if successful , will not affect the government 's suit against the company .
the lat and wp front microsoft 's [try] to have congress cut next year 's proposed budget for the justice department 's anti-trust division -- an odd lobbying effort that , even if successful , will not affect the government 's suit against the company .

Therefore , he declines to join ABC News in its whiny denunciation of Metabolife 's attempt to turn the tables .
therefore , he declines to join abc news in its whiny denunciation of metabolife 's [try] to turn the tables .

Though Chatterbox wo n't attempt to referee the scientific questions , Diaz at least gives the impression of being fairly well-informed , while Ellis often gives the impression of being evasive .
though chatterbox wo n't [try] to referee the scientific questions , diaz at least gives the impression of being fairly well-informed , while ellis often gives the impression of being evasive .

The Washington Post and Los Angeles Times lead with the decision by Republican congressional leaders to meet today with President Clinton at the White House in an attempt to resolve the partisan budget differences which have left the government operating under a temporary spending bill , which expires this week .
the washington post and los angeles times lead with the decision by republican congressional leaders to meet today with president clinton at the white house in an [try] to resolve the partisan budget differences which have left the government operating under a temporary spending bill , which expires this week .

Cloning will merely present nervous Caucasian men with the means to attempt to ensure that they are n't outnumbered by those threatening masses of other races on what they consider their own territory .
cloning will merely present nervous caucasian men with the means to [try] to ensure that they are n't outnumbered by those threatening masses of other races on what they consider their own territory .

The plain fact is that no attempt was made to conduct the kind of second-level analysis that would have explored whether the increases were real .
the plain fact is that no [try] was made to conduct the kind of second-level analysis that would have explored whether the increases were real .

The proposed initiative equals an attempt to `` buy people out '' of their biological destiny .
the proposed initiative equals an [try] to `` buy people out '' of their biological destiny .

Conservatives object to the Blair government 's attempt to present England as a modern , multicultural nation instead of a tradition-bound , Christian one .
conservatives object to the blair government 's [try] to present england as a modern , multicultural nation instead of a tradition-bound , christian one .

That 's the only explanation I have for his weak attempt at reviewing/satirizing the cable-news wars .
that 's the only explanation i have for his weak [try] at reviewing/satirizing the cable-news wars .

Her attempt to correlate one variable -- the date of passage of a tax cut or increase -- with GDP is not serious stuff .
her [try] to correlate one variable -- the date of passage of a tax cut or increase -- with gdp is not serious stuff .

When the nasty remarks from Weisberg and Brock surfaced here , I was concerned that Tucker might have misunderstood something I said and taken it as an attempt to intimidate him , so I checked it with him , just to make sure my failing memory is n't even worse than I think it is .
when the nasty remarks from weisberg and brock surfaced here , i was concerned that tucker might have misunderstood something i said and taken it as an [try] to intimidate him , so i checked it with him , just to make sure my failing memory is n't even worse than i think it is .

In the same deceptive spirit , Fischer claims that a similar calculation would indicate that employers never prefer relatives or cronies ' kids , or that they never goof off on the golf course -- even though he makes no attempt to supply that calculation .
in the same deceptive spirit , fischer claims that a similar calculation would indicate that employers never prefer relatives or cronies ' kids , or that they never goof off on the golf course -- even though he makes no [try] to supply that calculation .

Most reforms attempt to deal with the problem by placing limits on the demand side -- that is , campaign-contribution limits , campaign-expenditure limits , etc .
most reforms [try] to deal with the problem by placing limits on the demand side -- that is , campaign-contribution limits , campaign-expenditure limits , etc .

That argument which holds that the attempt to raise saving will end up lowering national income , because consumption will fall , and with it profits , output , and employment .
that argument which holds that the [try] to raise saving will end up lowering national income , because consumption will fall , and with it profits , output , and employment .

In his book review `` How the West Won , '' Martin Walker makes an awkward attempt to criticize the West for its air of superiority after victory in the Cold War .
in his book review `` how the west won , '' martin walker makes an awkward [try] to criticize the west for its air of superiority after victory in the cold war .

When , after the Oklahoma City disaster , President Clinton asked for the nation to deal with the `` voices of hate '' that inspire the Patriots to action , there was no attempt to actually do so .
when , after the oklahoma city disaster , president clinton asked for the nation to deal with the `` voices of hate '' that inspire the patriots to action , there was no [try] to actually do so .

Any attempt to make sense of the country 's trade must include an explanation of how the money brought in by foreign investors goes out again .
any [try] to make sense of the country 's trade must include an explanation of how the money brought in by foreign investors goes out again .

My reaction while reading it was to be embarrassed for SLATE , because the whole feature smells like a juvenile attempt to slam a competitor via the most unprofessional means .
my reaction while reading it was to be embarrassed for slate , because the whole feature smells like a juvenile [try] to slam a competitor via the most unprofessional means .

His one attempt at something solid -- a novel -- is vindictively destroyed by a jilted lover .
his one [try] at something solid -- a novel -- is vindictively destroyed by a jilted lover .

It also said that this decision raised `` the difficult point of indefinite immunity for those who have tyrannised their countries , '' and asked , `` What , for example , would be the protection for Saddam Hussein and President Milosevic should their victims attempt to try them in the future ? ''
it also said that this decision raised `` the difficult point of indefinite immunity for those who have tyrannised their countries , '' and asked , `` what , for example , would be the protection for saddam hussein and president milosevic should their victims [try] to try them in the future ? ''

Friday 's Sydney Morning Herald led with a story on the attempt by Rupert Murdoch 's News Corp to start a fourth TV channel , calling its effort `` an ambitious campaign to shake up Australia 's television industry . ''
friday 's sydney morning herald led with a story on the [try] by rupert murdoch 's news corp to start a fourth tv channel , calling its effort `` an ambitious campaign to shake up australia 's television industry . ''

Maybe we should n't attempt to extend the life of every individual .
maybe we should n't [try] to extend the life of every individual .

Eric Maschwitz , a BBC radio producer moonlighting under the name Holt Marvell , wrote the lyric as an attempt to come up with his own `` You 're the Top '' -like laundry list .
eric maschwitz , a bbc radio producer moonlighting under the name holt marvell , wrote the lyric as an [try] to come up with his own `` you 're the top '' -like laundry list .

The latest escalation : Palestinian officials accused Israel of preparing commando attacks on Palestinian territory -- including an assassination attempt on Yasser Arafat , according to a Palestinian mayor -- and urged the United States to stop Israel 's blockade of Bethlehem and its destruction of Palestinian houses .
the latest escalation : palestinian officials accused israel of preparing commando attacks on palestinian territory -- including an assassination [try] on yasser arafat , according to a palestinian mayor -- and urged the united states to stop israel 's blockade of bethlehem and its destruction of palestinian houses .

Zairian president Mobutu Sese Seko returned home from France in a last-ditch attempt to salvage some part of the power he once held .
zairian president mobutu sese seko returned home from france in a last-ditch [try] to salvage some part of the power he once held .

The contrary theory is that Gingrich is flaming out in a final , futile attempt to regain his authority in the GOP .
the contrary theory is that gingrich is flaming out in a final , futile [try] to regain his authority in the gop .

Israel botched an assassination attempt on a Hamas leader .
israel botched an assassination [try] on a hamas leader .

Early reports linked Markhasev to a Russian car-theft ring , but police now say the killing looks like a random robbery attempt gone awry .
early reports linked markhasev to a russian car-theft ring , but police now say the killing looks like a random robbery [try] gone awry .

Early reports linked Markhasev to a Russian car-theft ring , but police now say the killing looks like a random robbery attempt gone awry .
early reports linked markhasev to a russian car-theft ring , but police now say the killing looks like a random robbery [try] gone awry .

Chatterbox yields to no content-provider when it comes to condemning special prosecutor Kenneth Starr 's excesses -- in particular , Starr 's attempt to criminalize criticism by calling Clinton aide Sidney Blumenthal into the grand jury room .
chatterbox yields to no content-provider when it comes to condemning special prosecutor kenneth starr 's excesses -- in particular , starr 's [try] to criminalize criticism by calling clinton aide sidney blumenthal into the grand jury room .

Chatterbox will be very surprised if GM 's attempt to pass off yet another warmed-over Opel as a reliable , Spring Hill-style Saturn is anything other than a disaster that kills off the Saturn name for good .
chatterbox will be very surprised if gm 's [try] to pass off yet another warmed-over opel as a reliable , spring hill-style saturn is anything other than a disaster that kills off the saturn name for good .

Most plans attempt to `` divert '' those who apply for welfare into private jobs .
most plans [try] to `` divert '' those who apply for welfare into private jobs .

All of this is almost textbook economics , of course , since any time you have a business that is reaping sizeable profits , competitors are going to enter the market and successful businesses are going to expand rapidly in an attempt to sell more goods .
all of this is almost textbook economics , of course , since any time you have a business that is reaping sizeable profits , competitors are going to enter the market and successful businesses are going to expand rapidly in an [try] to sell more goods .

The WP adds inside that on the chat shows yesterday , several Republican pols charged that Hillary 's stance was an attempt to back off a political favor by President Clinton that was backfiring .
the wp adds inside that on the chat shows yesterday , several republican pols charged that hillary 's stance was an [try] to back off a political favor by president clinton that was backfiring .

In their best-known operation , Delta troops assisted in the failed attempt to free American hostages from Iran in 1980 .
in their best-known operation , delta troops assisted in the failed [try] to free american hostages from iran in 1980 .

Third , the candidate will tack left , then right in an attempt to gather votes from both downstate liberals and upstate conservatives-and will have it both ways , pandering to minorities one day and distancing herself the next .
third , the candidate will tack left , then right in an [try] to gather votes from both downstate liberals and upstate conservatives-and will have it both ways , pandering to minorities one day and distancing herself the next .

Worse , some sort of illegitimate attempt by the paper to revise its history of coverage on the subject ?
worse , some sort of illegitimate [try] by the paper to revise its history of coverage on the subject ?

Because studies consistently show that few readers follow an article beyond the jump , many papers attempt to lay out the crucial elements of the story before the jump .
because studies consistently show that few readers follow an article beyond the jump , many papers [try] to lay out the crucial elements of the story before the jump .

The investigation , to be conducted by 40 FBI officials , will attempt to explain why the fact that incendiary canisters of tear gas were used was n't made public earlier .
the investigation , to be conducted by 40 fbi officials , will [try] to explain why the fact that incendiary canisters of tear gas were used was n't made public earlier .

That , in turn , suggests that Greenspan understands now that his `` irrational exuberance '' speech of three years ago was precisely what it was , one person 's attempt to outthink a market that it is very difficult to outthink .
that , in turn , suggests that greenspan understands now that his `` irrational exuberance '' speech of three years ago was precisely what it was , one person 's [try] to outthink a market that it is very difficult to outthink .

No country should attempt to keep out American music or movies , since no matter how successful American culture is , homegrown products will always be more popular with locals .
no country should [try] to keep out american music or movies , since no matter how successful american culture is , homegrown products will always be more popular with locals .

Another article says the United States should not limit itself to a few days of bombing ( the current battle plan ) : Only a long , insistent air campaign will persuade Saddam 's troops to attempt a coup .
another article says the united states should not limit itself to a few days of bombing ( the current battle plan ) : only a long , insistent air campaign will persuade saddam 's troops to [try] a coup .

In the New Republic , the anti-Freudian Frederick Crews describes Showalter 's theory of hysteria as itself an `` attempt to whip up a little hysteria . ''
in the new republic , the anti-freudian frederick crews describes showalter 's theory of hysteria as itself an `` [try] to whip up a little hysteria . ''

The New Republic and others tried to redeem Sinatra for liberals , advertising his early support of civil rights , his assistance to black musicians before such help became fashionable , his opposition to McCarthyism , and his failed attempt to break the Hollywood Communist blacklist . )
the new republic and others tried to redeem sinatra for liberals , advertising his early support of civil rights , his assistance to black musicians before such help became fashionable , his opposition to mccarthyism , and his failed [try] to break the hollywood communist blacklist . )

Barr , the only member of Congress whose fondness for guns exceeds the National Rifle Association 's , also led the attempt to repeal Clinton 's assault-weapons ban .
barr , the only member of congress whose fondness for guns exceeds the national rifle association 's , also led the [try] to repeal clinton 's assault-weapons ban .

There are some significant cues to remembering all this , especially the attempt on Truman 's life by Puerto Rican nationalists that occurred at Blair House -- where the Trumans had to live during the reconstruction -- and cost one Secret Service man his life : Giant memorial plaques are affixed to the fence in front of Blair House telling this story to anyone who has n't heard it .
there are some significant cues to remembering all this , especially the [try] on truman 's life by puerto rican nationalists that occurred at blair house -- where the trumans had to live during the reconstruction -- and cost one secret service man his life : giant memorial plaques are affixed to the fence in front of blair house telling this story to anyone who has n't heard it .

His advocacy of the flat tax is n't just some Gingrichian intellectual dalliance , a Gephardtian populist pose , or even a Forbesian attempt to pocket a few million more bucks a year .
his advocacy of the flat tax is n't just some gingrichian intellectual dalliance , a gephardtian populist pose , or even a forbesian [try] to pocket a few million more bucks a year .

He believes that theologians must match science 's advance with spiritual research , and attempt to rejoin the soul and the brain .
he believes that theologians must match science 's advance with spiritual research , and [try] to rejoin the soul and the brain .

Even his latest act of spite , the attempt to derail William Weld 's nomination as ambassador to Mexico , is being interpreted charitably by conservative pundits as a sign of Helms ' commitment to a tough anti-drug policy .
even his latest act of spite , the [try] to derail william weld 's nomination as ambassador to mexico , is being interpreted charitably by conservative pundits as a sign of helms ' commitment to a tough anti-drug policy .

He conducted the longest filibuster in Senate history in a vain attempt to stop a civil-rights bill ( one of many civil-rights laws he opposed ) .
he conducted the longest filibuster in senate history in a vain [try] to stop a civil-rights bill ( one of many civil-rights laws he opposed ) .

After one more attempt , the Pentagon will determine whether the missile shield can be deployed by 2005 , and President Clinton will decide whether to proceed with the program .
after one more [try] , the pentagon will determine whether the missile shield can be deployed by 2005 , and president clinton will decide whether to proceed with the program .

It probably wo n't come naturally to an American male , but , in an attempt to enter into the spirit of French daily life , I will cultivate a Look of my own .
it probably wo n't come naturally to an american male , but , in an [try] to enter into the spirit of french daily life , i will cultivate a look of my own .

A moment 's pause in the entertainment and she 's flipping herself onto her stomach , in a suicidal attempt to vault sideways off the changing table .
a moment 's pause in the entertainment and she 's flipping herself onto her stomach , in a suicidal [try] to vault sideways off the changing table .

Nashville has its own failed attempt at a symbolic structure : None of you referred to the life-size model of the Parthenon located in Centennial Park ( or to the life-size model of a Jew , so beloved by school children , in the city 's Natural History Museum .
nashville has its own failed [try] at a symbolic structure : none of you referred to the life-size model of the parthenon located in centennial park ( or to the life-size model of a jew , so beloved by school children , in the city 's natural history museum .

However the Lincoln Memorial is not a cheap bit of chamber of commerce boosterism ; it is a genuine attempt to honor the 16 th president , just as the Washington Monument is meant to inspire penis jokes about presidents , judges , and former U.S. senators eager to pick up a quick buck , and so to unite a nation .
however the lincoln memorial is not a cheap bit of chamber of commerce boosterism ; it is a genuine [try] to honor the 16 th president , just as the washington monument is meant to inspire penis jokes about presidents , judges , and former u.s. senators eager to pick up a quick buck , and so to unite a nation .

The funds have been used to finance several terrorist operations , including the 1995 assassination attempt on Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak .
the funds have been used to finance several terrorist operations , including the 1995 assassination [try] on egyptian president hosni mubarak .

The NYT seems to think that Warner-Lambert will attempt to fend off Pfizer in the courts , but the Journal notes that Warner-Lambert 's anti-takeover defenses are weak : Shareholders , through a spontaneous mail-in election , can dismiss the entire board at any time .
the nyt seems to think that warner-lambert will [try] to fend off pfizer in the courts , but the journal notes that warner-lambert 's anti-takeover defenses are weak : shareholders , through a spontaneous mail-in election , can dismiss the entire board at any time .

This story tops the Wall Street Journal 's `` Worldwide '' box , off-leads at the Post , goes below-the-fold at the NYT ( which runs a dramatic video-still of the assassination attempt ) , and gets reefered by USAT .
this story tops the wall street journal 's `` worldwide '' box , off-leads at the post , goes below-the-fold at the nyt ( which runs a dramatic video-still of the assassination [try] ) , and gets reefered by usat .

No explanation of why Bradley 's comment was `` thoughtful , '' as opposed to , say , stupid , given the ultimate pathetic failure of Gorbachev 's attempt to modify Communism rather than replace it .
no explanation of why bradley 's comment was `` thoughtful , '' as opposed to , say , stupid , given the ultimate pathetic failure of gorbachev 's [try] to modify communism rather than replace it .

I would like to think that his nutty museum stunt was past of his Senate campaign , an attempt to appeal to the ...
i would like to think that his nutty museum stunt was past of his senate campaign , an [try] to appeal to the ...

This anti-Internet alarmism is a heavy-handed attempt to distract attention from the really dangerous medium : paper .
this anti-internet alarmism is a heavy-handed [try] to distract attention from the really dangerous medium : paper .

Check out our first attempt -- Does Microsoft Play Fair ? -- and let us know what you think .
check out our first [try] -- does microsoft play fair ? -- and let us know what you think .

However , as part of our attempt to participate in Microsoft 's program to control the cost beast , they will not be connected for service .
however , as part of our [try] to participate in microsoft 's program to control the cost beast , they will not be connected for service .

Like the Japanese peak , Rainier draws 10,000 fools every year who strap spikes to their feet and attempt to walk nearly three miles in the sky .
like the japanese peak , rainier draws 10,000 fools every year who strap spikes to their feet and [try] to walk nearly three miles in the sky .

Second , the Slate 60 list does not attempt to weigh the merits of different charities .
second , the slate 60 list does not [try] to weigh the merits of different charities .

Critics condemn the attempt at `` telephone triage . ''
critics condemn the [try] at `` telephone triage . ''

Is the inclusion of reggae a worthy redress of a common rock-historical oversight , or is it a cursory attempt to include still another music that discerning white college-educated guys tend to have in their record collections ?
is the inclusion of reggae a worthy redress of a common rock-historical oversight , or is it a cursory [try] to include still another music that discerning white college-educated guys tend to have in their record collections ?

Despite regulations that punish employers who knowingly employ them , pressure from business groups like the National Federation of Independent Business and the National Restaurant Association scuttled an attempt to include computer verification of employee eligibility in the 1996 immigration bill .
despite regulations that punish employers who knowingly employ them , pressure from business groups like the national federation of independent business and the national restaurant association scuttled an [try] to include computer verification of employee eligibility in the 1996 immigration bill .

Under the headline `` PM 's attempt to sidestep Albright fails , '' the newspaper reported Tenet had returned a message from Netanyahu to him because it appeared the prime minister was trying to bypass U.S. Secretary of State Madeleine Albright .
under the headline `` pm 's [try] to sidestep albright fails , '' the newspaper reported tenet had returned a message from netanyahu to him because it appeared the prime minister was trying to bypass u.s. secretary of state madeleine albright .

While Ha'aretz led its front page with a report that Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu had decided not to fire Mossad chief Danny Yatom for his role in the bungled attempt to assassinate Hamas leader Khaled Meshal in Jordan , La Repubblica of Rome published an interview with the `` founder and spiritual guide '' of Hamas , Sheik Ahmed Yassin , who said he would n't be happy if an Iraqi missile fell on Tel Aviv , because `` I do n't like massacres . ''
while ha'aretz led its front page with a report that prime minister benjamin netanyahu had decided not to fire mossad chief danny yatom for his role in the bungled [try] to assassinate hamas leader khaled meshal in jordan , la repubblica of rome published an interview with the `` founder and spiritual guide '' of hamas , sheik ahmed yassin , who said he would n't be happy if an iraqi missile fell on tel aviv , because `` i do n't like massacres . ''

Sancton , who admitted to having relied heavily on Fayed and members of his entourage for his material , said he had made no attempt to contact the princess 's family because he believed they would not respond .
sancton , who admitted to having relied heavily on fayed and members of his entourage for his material , said he had made no [try] to contact the princess 's family because he believed they would not respond .

O'brien , who has always been opposed to making deals with Sinn Fein , noted that there was now less open emphasis in Ireland on peace than on a breakthrough for Irish nationalism , and he added that an article in the Sunday Business Post -- the Dublin newspaper most sympathetic to Sinn Fein -- had rather given the game away with an article that said , `` [ T ] he IRA , which is likely to maintain its ceasefire for several months , will almost certainly resist any attempt to accede to unionist demands for actual decommissioning of weapons by early summer . ''
o'brien , who has always been opposed to making deals with sinn fein , noted that there was now less open emphasis in ireland on peace than on a breakthrough for irish nationalism , and he added that an article in the sunday business post -- the dublin newspaper most sympathetic to sinn fein -- had rather given the game away with an article that said , `` [ t ] he ira , which is likely to maintain its ceasefire for several months , will almost certainly resist any [try] to accede to unionist demands for actual decommissioning of weapons by early summer . ''

Ngoma insisted that the fighting was not an incipient attempt by the Rwandans to colonize Congo .
ngoma insisted that the fighting was not an incipient [try] by the rwandans to colonize congo .

The newspaper did not attempt to explain who these people were or why they would be tripping up and down the stairs to the president 's suite .
the newspaper did not [try] to explain who these people were or why they would be tripping up and down the stairs to the president 's suite .

Theodore Kaczynski 's apparent suicide attempt and his renewed attempt to be his own lawyer lead at USA Today and the Los Angeles Times .
theodore kaczynski 's apparent suicide [try] and his renewed [try] to be his own lawyer lead at usa today and the los angeles times .

If not , then the jury 's been exposed to the suicide attempt , the controversy about his competency , as well as to the news that the government turned down his offer to plead guilty in return for having his life spared .
if not , then the jury 's been exposed to the suicide [try] , the controversy about his competency , as well as to the news that the government turned down his offer to plead guilty in return for having his life spared .

A front-page NYT piece reports an attempt by family farms to create new revenue streams by staging , for an admissions fee , demonstrations of various farm activities , from branding cattle to making cane syrup .
a front-page nyt piece reports an [try] by family farms to create new revenue streams by staging , for an admissions fee , demonstrations of various farm activities , from branding cattle to making cane syrup .

Look for this study to be used by tobacco manufacturers in an attempt to whittle the cost of any state or national tobacco deal , even though it merely illustrates the truism that dying of old age is the most expensive way to go .
look for this study to be used by tobacco manufacturers in an [try] to whittle the cost of any state or national tobacco deal , even though it merely illustrates the truism that dying of old age is the most expensive way to go .

We have USA Today leading with the failure of an airline rate hike attempt , while the New York Times goes with Clinton vs. Gingrich on national educational testing , the Washington Post with a startling development in the Paula Jones lawsuit , and the Los Angeles Times leads with a local political story .
we have usa today leading with the failure of an airline rate hike [try] , while the new york times goes with clinton vs. gingrich on national educational testing , the washington post with a startling development in the paula jones lawsuit , and the los angeles times leads with a local political story .

The WP runs an op-ed complaining that the U.S. is single-handedly resisting a U.N. attempt to reduce the worldwide use of child soldiers .
the wp runs an op-ed complaining that the u.s. is single-handedly resisting a u.n. [try] to reduce the worldwide use of child soldiers .

Russia 's attempt to resolve the Iraq crisis via diplomacy leads at the Washington Post , Los Angeles Times , and USA Today .
russia 's [try] to resolve the iraq crisis via diplomacy leads at the washington post , los angeles times , and usa today .

The possibility that Iraq will back off its attempt to prevent or modify weapons inspections leads USA Today , the New York Times , and the Los Angeles Times .
the possibility that iraq will back off its [try] to prevent or modify weapons inspections leads usa today , the new york times , and the los angeles times .

The LAT , WP and NYT all feature front-page stories about Israel 's botched attempt to kill the head of the political wing of Hamas in Amman , Jordan .
the lat , wp and nyt all feature front-page stories about israel 's botched [try] to kill the head of the political wing of hamas in amman , jordan .

It 's a staple of the assassination attempt coverage to call this operation the worst blunder in Mossad 's history .
it 's a staple of the assassination [try] coverage to call this operation the worst blunder in mossad 's history .

Both the Los Angeles Times and the New York Times go with President Clinton 's last-ditch attempt to generate support for the fast-track trade authority bill .
both the los angeles times and the new york times go with president clinton 's last-ditch [try] to generate support for the fast-track trade authority bill .

The Washington Post leads with the Democrats ' attempt to salvage the nomination of Bill Lann Lee for Justice 's top civil rights enforcement job .
the washington post leads with the democrats ' [try] to salvage the nomination of bill lann lee for justice 's top civil rights enforcement job .

The NYT front reports that Benjamin Netanyahu has put up a defiant defense of the Israeli assassination attempt against a Hamas leader , saying , `` I take the responsibility on myself . ''
the nyt front reports that benjamin netanyahu has put up a defiant defense of the israeli assassination [try] against a hamas leader , saying , `` i take the responsibility on myself . ''

In his NYT op-ed column , Thomas Friedman explains how it can be that Benjamin Netanyahu 's popularity is up since Israel 's bungled attempt to assassinate a top Hamas operative .
in his nyt op-ed column , thomas friedman explains how it can be that benjamin netanyahu 's popularity is up since israel 's bungled [try] to assassinate a top hamas operative .

Of course , the legal usefulness of these observations is somewhat dubious , because this attempt to show that Theodore Kacszynski is fit to stand trial depends on the assumption that he is the Unabomber , which in turn requires a trial first , which first requires showing that he is fit to stand trial , and so on .
of course , the legal usefulness of these observations is somewhat dubious , because this [try] to show that theodore kacszynski is fit to stand trial depends on the assumption that he is the unabomber , which in turn requires a trial first , which first requires showing that he is fit to stand trial , and so on .

The printing technology company Presstek Inc. is suing three people it identified as short-sellers of its stock , who , Presstek says , posted defamatory and inaccurate statements about the company in various online chat groups in an attempt to drive down the stock price .
the printing technology company presstek inc. is suing three people it identified as short-sellers of its stock , who , presstek says , posted defamatory and inaccurate statements about the company in various online chat groups in an [try] to drive down the stock price .

The paper quotes Dick Morris as saying that he thought Weld had successfully used the attempt to become the leader of moderate Republicans .
the paper quotes dick morris as saying that he thought weld had successfully used the [try] to become the leader of moderate republicans .

Perhaps the trump testimony was that of an 82-year-old priest telling of the IRS ' erroneous attempt to grab $ 18,000 from a trust fund for the poor set up by his dead mother .
perhaps the trump testimony was that of an 82-year-old priest telling of the irs ' erroneous [try] to grab $ 18,000 from a trust fund for the poor set up by his dead mother .

Other big factors : the tobacco lobby 's impolitic attempt to slip a $ 50 billion rebate into the budget bill , and the widespread belief that if the companies are willing to pay $ 368 billion , they must be able to afford more .
other big factors : the tobacco lobby 's impolitic [try] to slip a $ 50 billion rebate into the budget bill , and the widespread belief that if the companies are willing to pay $ 368 billion , they must be able to afford more .

One of the reasons for Russian persistence , says the paper , is that the Russian military is trying to reverse the fumbling image it picked up from the 1994-95 attempt to best the Chechens .
one of the reasons for russian persistence , says the paper , is that the russian military is trying to reverse the fumbling image it picked up from the 1994-95 [try] to best the chechens .

In an apparent attempt to lock up the inarticulate mesomorph vote , Al Gore last night , says the WP , got the endorsement of Shaquille O'Neal .
in an apparent [try] to lock up the inarticulate mesomorph vote , al gore last night , says the wp , got the endorsement of shaquille o'neal .

Despite lapses like these , Once and Again strikes Culturebox as the first show to make an attempt to capture divorce as it is lived today .
despite lapses like these , once and again strikes culturebox as the first show to make an [try] to capture divorce as it is lived today .

It 's an apt forum , for all that : another attempt to manufacture community out of a community-alienating , sprawl-inducing product , in this case , the Internet .
it 's an apt forum , for all that : another [try] to manufacture community out of a community-alienating , sprawl-inducing product , in this case , the internet .

It had a touch of skepticism regarding the subject ( after all , this was The New Yorker ) , but took Disney 's town-building attempt seriously -- except for the preposterous name , of course , although preposterous town names are hardly unknown in U.S. history -- New Hope , for example , or New Harmony , which Andersen mentions , or my favorite , also in Florida , Panacea .
it had a touch of skepticism regarding the subject ( after all , this was the new yorker ) , but took disney 's town-building [try] seriously -- except for the preposterous name , of course , although preposterous town names are hardly unknown in u.s. history -- new hope , for example , or new harmony , which andersen mentions , or my favorite , also in florida , panacea .

Siegel , in his Siegelesque fashion , ca n't quite bring himself to give her credit for insight , even though she was practically the only critic to praise the film : `` Not a single critic , not even those few who claimed to like Eyes Wide Shut , made any attempt to understand the film on its own artistic terms . ''
siegel , in his siegelesque fashion , ca n't quite bring himself to give her credit for insight , even though she was practically the only critic to praise the film : `` not a single critic , not even those few who claimed to like eyes wide shut , made any [try] to understand the film on its own artistic terms . ''

One can imagine ironic or otherwise complex readings of these statements that might attempt to cleanse them of their offensive meaning , just as the Times attempts to cleanse the Virgin Mary canvas of its offensive meaning by quoting the artist , Chris Ofili , saying it all has something to do with his childhood confusion about the virgin birth .
one can imagine ironic or otherwise complex readings of these statements that might [try] to cleanse them of their offensive meaning , just as the times attempts to cleanse the virgin mary canvas of its offensive meaning by quoting the artist , chris ofili , saying it all has something to do with his childhood confusion about the virgin birth .

Among the apparent revelations in the Newsweek excerpt : ( 1 ) Reagan came much closer to death after his assassination attempt than previously disclosed .
among the apparent revelations in the newsweek excerpt : ( 1 ) reagan came much closer to death after his assassination [try] than previously disclosed .

Siegel , in his Siegelesque fashion , ca n't bring himself to give her credit for her insight , even though that she was practically the only critic to praise the film : `` Not a single critic , not even those few who claimed to like Eyes Wide Shut , made any attempt to understand the film on its own artistic terms . ''
siegel , in his siegelesque fashion , ca n't bring himself to give her credit for her insight , even though that she was practically the only critic to praise the film : `` not a single critic , not even those few who claimed to like eyes wide shut , made any [try] to understand the film on its own artistic terms . ''

Disney was uniquely positioned to foster the preeminent attempt at a neotraditional town -- no one else had the pocketbook , interest , and reputation .
disney was uniquely positioned to foster the preeminent [try] at a neotraditional town -- no one else had the pocketbook , interest , and reputation .

It 's also noted that the civil filing , despite its appeal to a racketeering statute , marks the end of the government 's attempt to bring criminal charges against the tobacco companies .
it 's also noted that the civil filing , despite its appeal to a racketeering statute , marks the end of the government 's [try] to bring criminal charges against the tobacco companies .

When Jackson implied that Will 's attempt to embarrass him was racist , Will took offense .
when jackson implied that will 's [try] to embarrass him was racist , will took offense .

Inside stories at the WP and NYT report that the State Department , in an attempt to convince other countries to maintain tough sanctions against Saddam Hussein , yesterday released new evidence suggesting that under the sanctions Hussein has enough money to feed his people and provide them with medicine but has chosen to spend it on other things .
inside stories at the wp and nyt report that the state department , in an [try] to convince other countries to maintain tough sanctions against saddam hussein , yesterday released new evidence suggesting that under the sanctions hussein has enough money to feed his people and provide them with medicine but has chosen to spend it on other things .

Faithful readers of this column may recall that Chatterbox has been tracking Altman 's new career as a sleaze-peddler ( see `` Man Bites Dog '' and `` It 's the End of the World , Do n't Panic '' ) , with an eye to finding out whether Altman would attempt to make his new media holdings more pro-Clinton or more respectable .
faithful readers of this column may recall that chatterbox has been tracking altman 's new career as a sleaze-peddler ( see `` man bites dog '' and `` it 's the end of the world , do n't panic '' ) , with an eye to finding out whether altman would [try] to make his new media holdings more pro-clinton or more respectable .

This letter is long enough , possibly too long for the format , so I will leave discussion of Lemann 's attempt to sum up to the next letter .
this letter is long enough , possibly too long for the format , so i will leave discussion of lemann 's [try] to sum up to the next letter .

My Brother reads a little like a lyrical mystery novel : It 's clear from the very first sentence that Drew is going to die , and what follows is Kincaid 's attempt to figure out what led to such a waste of a life .
my brother reads a little like a lyrical mystery novel : it 's clear from the very first sentence that drew is going to die , and what follows is kincaid 's [try] to figure out what led to such a waste of a life .

After a hair-raising and chaotic collective attempt to retrieve the boy , a sudden gust of wind lifts the men into the air ; the others drop away , but Logan , a local doctor and father of two , holds on as the unburdened balloon shoots suddenly skyward .
after a hair-raising and chaotic collective [try] to retrieve the boy , a sudden gust of wind lifts the men into the air ; the others drop away , but logan , a local doctor and father of two , holds on as the unburdened balloon shoots suddenly skyward .

When Joe and Clarissa return to their apartment in London they find themselves obsessively reiterating the afternoon 's events in an attempt to contain and absorb them .
when joe and clarissa return to their apartment in london they find themselves obsessively reiterating the afternoon 's events in an [try] to contain and absorb them .

David Nokes has made a bold , provocative , and sometimes messy attempt to write Austen 's life as if it were a novel whose outcome we did n't already know -- '' a biography written forwards , '' he emphatically declares in the introduction , which unfolds `` as it was experienced at the time , not with the knowingness of hindsight . ''
david nokes has made a bold , provocative , and sometimes messy [try] to write austen 's life as if it were a novel whose outcome we did n't already know -- '' a biography written forwards , '' he emphatically declares in the introduction , which unfolds `` as it was experienced at the time , not with the knowingness of hindsight . ''

Stein 's attempt to show otherwise is a landmark in literature , a unique episode in the history of thought .
stein 's [try] to show otherwise is a landmark in literature , a unique episode in the history of thought .

The result has been an angry rejection of the research Blum reports and an attempt to disseminate a feel-good alternative in which boys and girls are identical and infinitely malleable .
the result has been an angry rejection of the research blum reports and an [try] to disseminate a feel-good alternative in which boys and girls are identical and infinitely malleable .

The second book is his attempt to portray himself as a spiritual heir to the Jewish gangsters .
the second book is his [try] to portray himself as a spiritual heir to the jewish gangsters .

In a bizarre episode a couple of years ago , an FBI agent claimed he was driven to attempt to murder his wife because Cornwell was having an affair with her .
in a bizarre episode a couple of years ago , an fbi agent claimed he was driven to [try] to murder his wife because cornwell was having an affair with her .

About two-thirds of the way into Burn Rate , Michael Wolff 's sardonic tell-all about his failed attempt to become an Internet multimillionaire , the author pauses to ask himself a set of questions I had been wanting him to address for 150 pages :
about two-thirds of the way into burn rate , michael wolff 's sardonic tell-all about his failed [try] to become an internet multimillionaire , the author pauses to ask himself a set of questions i had been wanting him to address for 150 pages :

Not , however , before Johnson 's reckless attempt to derail him by reminding delegates of rumors that Joseph Kennedy Sr. , while he was ambassador to England , had appeased Hitler .
not , however , before johnson 's reckless [try] to derail him by reminding delegates of rumors that joseph kennedy sr. , while he was ambassador to england , had appeased hitler .

You can imagine the voice successively issuing from a pulpit , a bullhorn , an onionskin page , a teletype , a Victrola -- and then suddenly there 's the author , speaking plainly as himself , `` I suggest that art is always a meditation upon external reality rather than a representation of external reality or a jackleg attempt to 'be ' external reality . ''
you can imagine the voice successively issuing from a pulpit , a bullhorn , an onionskin page , a teletype , a victrola -- and then suddenly there 's the author , speaking plainly as himself , `` i suggest that art is always a meditation upon external reality rather than a representation of external reality or a jackleg [try] to 'be ' external reality . ''

The critical moments in the history of those cities , he says , are the Los Angeles riots of 1965 and 1992 ; New York Mayor John Lindsay 's attempt to forge a New Deal liberalism by expanding welfare and creating multicultural schools ; New York 's fiscal crisis ; and the collapse of municipal service in Washington under Marion Barry .
the critical moments in the history of those cities , he says , are the los angeles riots of 1965 and 1992 ; new york mayor john lindsay 's [try] to forge a new deal liberalism by expanding welfare and creating multicultural schools ; new york 's fiscal crisis ; and the collapse of municipal service in washington under marion barry .

Will resents Marcus and finds him weird , but when he drops him off at home , they find the mother passed out in a failed suicide attempt , and Will 's sympathy is engaged .
will resents marcus and finds him weird , but when he drops him off at home , they find the mother passed out in a failed suicide [try] , and will 's sympathy is engaged .

Punditus Interruptus , Week 1 : Robert Novak and Al Hunt were unusually civil to one another in the Dec. 20 edition of Capital Gang , foiling `` Pundit Central '' 's plan to tabulate their numerous interruptions of one another in an attempt to calculate who is the bigger interjector .
punditus interruptus , week 1 : robert novak and al hunt were unusually civil to one another in the dec. 20 edition of capital gang , foiling `` pundit central '' 's plan to tabulate their numerous interruptions of one another in an [try] to calculate who is the bigger interjector .

Unhappy with USC 's attempt to include conventional classical music in the institute 's music courses and concerts , Schönberg 's descendants successfully sued USC for `` neglecting its contract '' with the institute .
unhappy with usc 's [try] to include conventional classical music in the institute 's music courses and concerts , schönberg 's descendants successfully sued usc for `` neglecting its contract '' with the institute .

Eleanor Clift ( The McLaughlin Group ) thinks the timing is suspect -- it may be an attempt to steal Clinton 's China thunder .
eleanor clift ( the mclaughlin group ) thinks the timing is suspect -- it may be an [try] to steal clinton 's china thunder .

According to the Times Higher Education Supplement , pig farmers , in an attempt to meet increased consumer demand for lean pork , have over the last few years been breeding thinner pigs -- some of which display symptoms of anorexia .
according to the times higher education supplement , pig farmers , in an [try] to meet increased consumer demand for lean pork , have over the last few years been breeding thinner pigs -- some of which display symptoms of anorexia .

It 's the second big blow to Hilbert 's legacy : His audacious attempt to ground all mathematics in a finite number of axioms was upended by Gödel 's incompleteness theorem in 1931 .
it 's the second big blow to hilbert 's legacy : his audacious [try] to ground all mathematics in a finite number of axioms was upended by gödel 's incompleteness theorem in 1931 .

The only discrimination I think we need to address is the recent attempt by many universities to deny many people admission purely because of their race .
the only discrimination i think we need to address is the recent [try] by many universities to deny many people admission purely because of their race .

I hope we stop the futile attempt to make amends for past injustice by wreaking new ones on innocent people .
i hope we stop the futile [try] to make amends for past injustice by wreaking new ones on innocent people .

Economic and social decline were accelerating in the last years of the evil empire , and any attempt to put them right will inevitably make some of them worse in the meantime .
economic and social decline were accelerating in the last years of the evil empire , and any [try] to put them right will inevitably make some of them worse in the meantime .

Yeltsin 's attack on the Parliament was , in my view , a necessary evil , given the Communist Party 's continuing attempt to derail democratization and market reform .
yeltsin 's attack on the parliament was , in my view , a necessary evil , given the communist party 's continuing [try] to derail democratization and market reform .

The show is emotionally draining on a regular basis , so this week 's attempt by the idealistic Dr. Carter ( Noah Wyle ) to perform a holiday miracle on a dying teenager is guaranteed to have you doubling up on Prozac .
the show is emotionally draining on a regular basis , so this week 's [try] by the idealistic dr. carter ( noah wyle ) to perform a holiday miracle on a dying teenager is guaranteed to have you doubling up on prozac .

The confluence of Gore 's attempt to become an alpha male and the death of Walter Payton brings to mind the now-macabre episode of Saturday Night Live hosted by O.J .
the confluence of gore 's [try] to become an alpha male and the death of walter payton brings to mind the now-macabre episode of saturday night live hosted by o.j .

Much for statecraft as a dispassionate attempt to balance competing interests .
much for statecraft as a dispassionate [try] to balance competing interests .

The film features Matt Damon and Ben Affleck as fallen angels who attempt to re-enter heaven using a loophole in Catholic doctrine .
the film features matt damon and ben affleck as fallen angels who [try] to re-enter heaven using a loophole in catholic doctrine .

Which of the following is an actual bit of Trump fatuity , and which is an attempt to mock his hubris through amusing hyperbole ?
which of the following is an actual bit of trump fatuity , and which is an [try] to mock his hubris through amusing hyperbole ?

Recent ill-timed blunders ( including the failed attempt to assassinate a Hamas leader ) have derailed the peace process .
recent ill-timed blunders ( including the failed [try] to assassinate a hamas leader ) have derailed the peace process .

President Suharto , who had been in Egypt , returned to the riot-riddled capital and called out tanks and thousands of troops in an attempt to restore order and maintain his 32-year control of the country .
president suharto , who had been in egypt , returned to the riot-riddled capital and called out tanks and thousands of troops in an [try] to restore order and maintain his 32-year control of the country .

As has become common in merger reporting , some of the papers attempt to cloak the event in intrigue and drama .
as has become common in merger reporting , some of the papers [try] to cloak the event in intrigue and drama .

If you missed the two top stories in yesterday 's USAT -- the government 's first post-deregulation attempt to preserve competitiveness among airlines and the emergence of a drug that can prevent breast cancer -- they are on the NYT 's front today .
if you missed the two top stories in yesterday 's usat -- the government 's first post-deregulation [try] to preserve competitiveness among airlines and the emergence of a drug that can prevent breast cancer -- they are on the nyt 's front today .

The New York Times goes with Madeleine Albright 's attempt to line up Saudi support for any U.S. military operation against Iraq .
the new york times goes with madeleine albright 's [try] to line up saudi support for any u.s. military operation against iraq .

The LAT front reports that , in an attempt to highlight Southern California 's virtues as a technology marketplace , today a nickname will be chosen for the region that will figure in an aggressive marketing campaign .
the lat front reports that , in an [try] to highlight southern california 's virtues as a technology marketplace , today a nickname will be chosen for the region that will figure in an aggressive marketing campaign .

The New York Times , even more transparent in its attempt to appear above pack journalism , goes with -- are you sitting down ? -- the possibility that Republicans could take over all the governors ' slots of the old Confederacy .
the new york times , even more transparent in its [try] to appear above pack journalism , goes with -- are you sitting down ? -- the possibility that republicans could take over all the governors ' slots of the old confederacy .

The Washington Post and New York Times lead with the decision by a coalition of some of the world 's top oil exporters to cut back production in an attempt to reverse a sharp price slide .
the washington post and new york times lead with the decision by a coalition of some of the world 's top oil exporters to cut back production in an [try] to reverse a sharp price slide .

USAT and the WP remind readers that House Republicans attached a similar poison pill provision to the last attempt at a UN pay-up , which was vetoed by President Clinton .
usat and the wp remind readers that house republicans attached a similar poison pill provision to the last [try] at a un pay-up , which was vetoed by president clinton .

The papers all have the same basic lawsuit details : The government and state lawyers argue that after an abortive attempt at an `` illegal conspiracy '' deal with browser rival Netscape , Microsoft violated antitrust laws by using its virtual lock with Windows to dominate the Internet browser market .
the papers all have the same basic lawsuit details : the government and state lawyers argue that after an abortive [try] at an `` illegal conspiracy '' deal with browser rival netscape , microsoft violated antitrust laws by using its virtual lock with windows to dominate the internet browser market .

The Washington Post goes with bipartisan congressional criticism of the Clinton administration 's attempt to impose terms on Israel in its negotiations with the Palestinians .
the washington post goes with bipartisan congressional criticism of the clinton administration 's [try] to impose terms on israel in its negotiations with the palestinians .

The Times reports that the Georgian nuclear materials ( experts disagree about whether it 's enough to make a nuclear bomb , says the paper ) were originally supposed to be moved to Russia , but after the Russians failed to follow through , the U.S. , concerned about the instability of the region , typified by the recent assassination attempt on the Georgian leader , Eduard Shevardnadse , made other plans while keeping Moscow informed .
the times reports that the georgian nuclear materials ( experts disagree about whether it 's enough to make a nuclear bomb , says the paper ) were originally supposed to be moved to russia , but after the russians failed to follow through , the u.s. , concerned about the instability of the region , typified by the recent assassination [try] on the georgian leader , eduard shevardnadse , made other plans while keeping moscow informed .

President Clinton made an eleventh-hour attempt to head all this off with a phone call to Sharif late Wednesday .
president clinton made an eleventh-hour [try] to head all this off with a phone call to sharif late wednesday .

Everybody 's front has the latest Ken Starr move : his attempt to bypass the federal appeals process and go right to the Supreme Court for a definitive ruling on executive privilege as it applies to the Lewinsky case .
everybody 's front has the latest ken starr move : his [try] to bypass the federal appeals process and go right to the supreme court for a definitive ruling on executive privilege as it applies to the lewinsky case .

The WP reports that before the two leaders broached substantive matters , they made an attempt to clear the air about their own troubled relationship .
the wp reports that before the two leaders broached substantive matters , they made an [try] to clear the air about their own troubled relationship .

The Journal also reports on the trend of professional sports teams offering player education programs in an attempt to keep their new millionaires out of trouble .
the journal also reports on the trend of professional sports teams offering player education programs in an [try] to keep their new millionaires out of trouble .

The Wall Street Journal spills a lot of ink on tobacco , with pieces about trial lawyers ' pursuit of anti-tobacco cases , the attempt by the anti-asbestos lobby to tap into any settlement deal , and the political spin on the pending Senate bill .
the wall street journal spills a lot of ink on tobacco , with pieces about trial lawyers ' pursuit of anti-tobacco cases , the [try] by the anti-asbestos lobby to tap into any settlement deal , and the political spin on the pending senate bill .

The WP adds that Lewis was privy to Lewinsky 's taped account of her relationship with Clinton , and that her reaction to her daughter 's attempt to conceal it from outsiders was , `` What 's the big deal ?
the wp adds that lewis was privy to lewinsky 's taped account of her relationship with clinton , and that her reaction to her daughter 's [try] to conceal it from outsiders was , `` what 's the big deal ?

Meanwhile , a NYT editorial calls the attempt to use executive privilege in the controversy `` an alarming attempt to extend presidential power . ''
meanwhile , a nyt editorial calls the [try] to use executive privilege in the controversy `` an alarming [try] to extend presidential power . ''

Would the Times describe an attempt to get more money for unskilled laborers as an `` assault '' on the minimum wage ? )
would the times describe an [try] to get more money for unskilled laborers as an `` assault '' on the minimum wage ? )

Michael Pollan , the writer and magazine editor , writes in A Place of My Own about how he had become so disconnected with the physical world that he finally decided to hammer together a writing hut in his backyard , a desperate attempt to make contact with real objects .
michael pollan , the writer and magazine editor , writes in a place of my own about how he had become so disconnected with the physical world that he finally decided to hammer together a writing hut in his backyard , a desperate [try] to make contact with real objects .

The film also faithfully re-creates Wallace 's attempt to prevent two black students from registering at the University of Alabama at Tuscaloosa .
the film also faithfully re-creates wallace 's [try] to prevent two black students from registering at the university of alabama at tuscaloosa .

Wallace , crippled by a 1972 assassination attempt , enters Montgomery 's Dexter Street Baptist Church , where the Rev .
wallace , crippled by a 1972 assassination [try] , enters montgomery 's dexter street baptist church , where the rev .

After the assassination attempt , the movie 's Flynt holes up in his Bel Air mansion with his wife , Althea , and they both start taking morphine and pills .
after the assassination [try] , the movie 's flynt holes up in his bel air mansion with his wife , althea , and they both start taking morphine and pills .

The Mach 3 razor appears to be a sincere attempt to embody progress .
the mach 3 razor appears to be a sincere [try] to embody progress .

Stiglitz 's report was , to all appearances , a sincere attempt to produce a realistic picture of the American labor market .
stiglitz 's report was , to all appearances , a sincere [try] to produce a realistic picture of the american labor market .

These ambiguities explain why economists are divided over the wisdom of Europe 's attempt to create a common currency .
these ambiguities explain why economists are divided over the wisdom of europe 's [try] to create a common currency .

The devaluation of the ruble was a desperate attempt to buy a bit more time .
the devaluation of the ruble was a desperate [try] to buy a bit more time .

The NYT and LAT emphasize this `` we 've come a long way '' angle , noting that one of Trimble 's deputies helped derail the last attempt at a shared local government 25 years ago ( the NYT says Trimble was also involved ) .
the nyt and lat emphasize this `` we 've come a long way '' angle , noting that one of trimble 's deputies helped derail the last [try] at a shared local government 25 years ago ( the nyt says trimble was also involved ) .

The introduction offers a good and useful account of Du Bois ' attempt to produce an Africana encyclopedia , the professional jealousy he encountered , the racism that sometimes thwarted his efforts .
the introduction offers a good and useful account of du bois ' [try] to produce an africana encyclopedia , the professional jealousy he encountered , the racism that sometimes thwarted his efforts .

The editors make no attempt to place their book within that particular context , a more accurate historical context for understanding the appearance of this book , as it was made possible not by Du Bois ' dream in any respect but by the rise of multiculturalism and black studies as intellectual industries in the United States after 1970 .
the editors make no [try] to place their book within that particular context , a more accurate historical context for understanding the appearance of this book , as it was made possible not by du bois ' dream in any respect but by the rise of multiculturalism and black studies as intellectual industries in the united states after 1970 .

In an attempt to distinguish those public purposes that are tolerable from those that are n't , Murray posits that , to be valid , public goods either have to be `` nonexclusive '' -- interventions from which everyone benefits -- or else must arise to counter `` externalities , '' costs passed on to others that , in practical terms , can not be compensated , as in the case of the chemical incinerator that pollutes the air .
in an [try] to distinguish those public purposes that are tolerable from those that are n't , murray posits that , to be valid , public goods either have to be `` nonexclusive '' -- interventions from which everyone benefits -- or else must arise to counter `` externalities , '' costs passed on to others that , in practical terms , can not be compensated , as in the case of the chemical incinerator that pollutes the air .

It would create a powerful incentive ( of the kind attacked in Losing Ground ) for people not to work ; it would be an attempt to help people who The Bell Curve says ca n't be helped anyway ; and it would certainly violate What It Means to Be a Libertarian 's admonition against forcing people to pay for dubious public goods .
it would create a powerful incentive ( of the kind attacked in losing ground ) for people not to work ; it would be an [try] to help people who the bell curve says ca n't be helped anyway ; and it would certainly violate what it means to be a libertarian 's admonition against forcing people to pay for dubious public goods .

By the end of his book , Walsh has unwittingly painted himself as Ahab without a whale , flailing after targets large and small in his attempt to vindicate his effort .
by the end of his book , walsh has unwittingly painted himself as ahab without a whale , flailing after targets large and small in his [try] to vindicate his effort .

A Tale of Two Utopias is a lucid , three-pronged attempt to answer that question .
a tale of two utopias is a lucid , three-pronged [try] to answer that question .

If Omeros , like its Homeric model , was a poem about fathers , The Bounty is Walcott 's mother book , an attempt `` to draw the veiled figure/ of Mamma entering the standard elegiac . ''
if omeros , like its homeric model , was a poem about fathers , the bounty is walcott 's mother book , an [try] `` to draw the veiled figure/ of mamma entering the standard elegiac . ''

Its opening lines attempt to pry the beauty of the Antilles loose from advertising brochures , that false paradise in which , as Walcott wrote in his Nobel lecture , `` the Caribbean is a blue pool into which the republic dangles the extended foot of Florida '' :
its opening lines [try] to pry the beauty of the antilles loose from advertising brochures , that false paradise in which , as walcott wrote in his nobel lecture , `` the caribbean is a blue pool into which the republic dangles the extended foot of florida '' :

An irony would be the observation that an attempt to increase freedom for all often entails , despite our best efforts , a decrease in freedom for a few .
an irony would be the observation that an [try] to increase freedom for all often entails , despite our best efforts , a decrease in freedom for a few .

Virtual-reality exhibitions go one step further : They attempt to create the you-are-there sensation without the objects .
virtual-reality exhibitions go one step further : they [try] to create the you-are-there sensation without the objects .

Hoffmann writes that some relatives expressed surprise after the coup attempt of 1944 : `` Many had thought of him as the only real National Socialist in the family . ''
hoffmann writes that some relatives expressed surprise after the coup [try] of 1944 : `` many had thought of him as the only real national socialist in the family . ''

In a deliberate attempt to defy the locale , where , as Rothko said , `` the richest bastards in New York will come to feed and show off , '' Rothko darkened his palette .
in a deliberate [try] to defy the locale , where , as rothko said , `` the richest bastards in new york will come to feed and show off , '' rothko darkened his palette .

Norman Mailer has now made that attempt .
norman mailer has now made that [try] .

The novel is an unabashed attempt to capitalize on the hype surrounding the handover , but it succeeds by steadfastly refusing to indulge in majesty .
the novel is an unabashed [try] to capitalize on the hype surrounding the handover , but it succeeds by steadfastly refusing to indulge in majesty .

Wolf 's fixation on desire is n't so much an idea as a good intention , an attempt to make feminism feel less like a complaint -- to give women equal rights not just to a job but to ecstasy .
wolf 's fixation on desire is n't so much an idea as a good intention , an [try] to make feminism feel less like a complaint -- to give women equal rights not just to a job but to ecstasy .

Why should we believe either one when she says that her book is an attempt to understand what happened , and not a bid for revenge ?
why should we believe either one when she says that her book is an [try] to understand what happened , and not a bid for revenge ?

Dawkins has rebutted these notions convincingly , showing that the phenomena they attempt to explain can all be accounted for with conventional Darwinian theory .
dawkins has rebutted these notions convincingly , showing that the phenomena they [try] to explain can all be accounted for with conventional darwinian theory .

Another attempt fell through when a scheduled presentation of military uniforms never took place .
another [try] fell through when a scheduled presentation of military uniforms never took place .

Like the polka dots , the proliferating penises were , according to Kusama , an attempt to contain her fears by representing them .
like the polka dots , the proliferating penises were , according to kusama , an [try] to contain her fears by representing them .

Storr makes large claims for these paintings , seeing them as the first successful attempt to `` systematize the 'allover ' painting '' invented by Pollock and Rothko .
storr makes large claims for these paintings , seeing them as the first successful [try] to `` systematize the 'allover ' painting '' invented by pollock and rothko .

A couple of months ago , I described Al Gore 's attempt to create a lose-lose situation for Bill Bradley .
a couple of months ago , i described al gore 's [try] to create a lose-lose situation for bill bradley .

In a WSJ commentary on the TV networks/drug czar flap , John Podhoretz claims that the government 's attempt to influence the content of shows is `` nothing untoward . ''
in a wsj commentary on the tv networks/drug czar flap , john podhoretz claims that the government 's [try] to influence the content of shows is `` nothing untoward . ''

To the extent that it really means keep the government out , it sounds like an attempt by the earlier settlers of the new domain to monopolize its structure at the expense of later comers who wish to play by a different set of rules in some portion of that space .
to the extent that it really means keep the government out , it sounds like an [try] by the earlier settlers of the new domain to monopolize its structure at the expense of later comers who wish to play by a different set of rules in some portion of that space .

The new campaign is an attempt to cut through all of the noise -- visual and sonic -- around dot-com advertising , and its visual distinctiveness will undoubtedly make people notice it .
the new campaign is an [try] to cut through all of the noise -- visual and sonic -- around dot-com advertising , and its visual distinctiveness will undoubtedly make people notice it .

What once appeared to be a bubble driven by hysterical investors now looks much more to me like as good an attempt as possible at quantifying the value of an economic opportunity that , taken as a whole , still looks practically limitless .
what once appeared to be a bubble driven by hysterical investors now looks much more to me like as good an [try] as possible at quantifying the value of an economic opportunity that , taken as a whole , still looks practically limitless .

In 1995 , McArthur Wheeler walked into two Pittsburgh banks and robbed them in broad daylight , with no visible attempt at disguise .
in 1995 , mcarthur wheeler walked into two pittsburgh banks and robbed them in broad daylight , with no visible [try] at disguise .

In retrospect , then , it may have been not merely a romantic comedy with a little product placement tossed in ; it may have been an attempt to soften the ground for AOL 's latest acquisition .
in retrospect , then , it may have been not merely a romantic comedy with a little product placement tossed in ; it may have been an [try] to soften the ground for aol 's latest acquisition .

The attempt to draw conclusions about the broader negative effects of increased trading was even less plausible .
the [try] to draw conclusions about the broader negative effects of increased trading was even less plausible .

The pundits splinter over the Clinton administration 's attempt to return boy-refugee Elián González to his father in Cuba .
the pundits splinter over the clinton administration 's [try] to return boy-refugee elián gonzález to his father in cuba .

The essence of leadership is taking something that is difficult and making it possible because you engage the American people in an attempt to make it happen . ''
the essence of leadership is taking something that is difficult and making it possible because you engage the american people in an [try] to make it happen . ''

The NYT top-fronts Kofi Annan 's choice of former U.N. arms monitor Rolf Ekeus to lead a new U.N. commission that will attempt to complete the task of assessing the chemical , biological , and nuclear weapons capabilities of Saddam Hussein .
the nyt top-fronts kofi annan 's choice of former u.n. arms monitor rolf ekeus to lead a new u.n. commission that will [try] to complete the task of assessing the chemical , biological , and nuclear weapons capabilities of saddam hussein .

Its attempt to harness this principled stand to the selling of high-necked mohair sweaters , Peruvian folk ponchos , and lycra-lined lace panties does tend to trivialize the issue ( in much the same way that its previous campaigns trivialized war , AIDS , discrimination , and racism ) .
its [try] to harness this principled stand to the selling of high-necked mohair sweaters , peruvian folk ponchos , and lycra-lined lace panties does tend to trivialize the issue ( in much the same way that its previous campaigns trivialized war , aids , discrimination , and racism ) .

The Times points out that the Democrats ' public pouting could be an attempt to stimulate fund raising .
the times points out that the democrats ' public pouting could be an [try] to stimulate fund raising .

A reefered piece in the LAT emphasizes that the document dump is an attempt to defuse the controversy over McCain 's efforts on behalf of campaign contributor Paxson Communications .
a reefered piece in the lat emphasizes that the document dump is an [try] to defuse the controversy over mccain 's efforts on behalf of campaign contributor paxson communications .

Much hinges on Bush 's attempt to cleanse his party of bigotry and reposition it closer to the center .
much hinges on bush 's [try] to cleanse his party of bigotry and reposition it closer to the center .

The last item in this week 's `` Weekend Cocktail Chatter '' is a perhaps cruel joke ( or attempt at a joke ) at the expense of the former CEO of barnesandnoble.com , who announced his unexpected resignation and saw his company 's stock price barely move .
the last item in this week 's `` weekend cocktail chatter '' is a perhaps cruel joke ( or [try] at a joke ) at the expense of the former ceo of barnesandnoble.com , who announced his unexpected resignation and saw his company 's stock price barely move .

Should teams now attempt to reform their athletes views on other issues , women , etc ?
should teams now [try] to reform their athletes views on other issues , women , etc ?

He did n't attempt to land at any airports he flew over .
he did n't [try] to land at any airports he flew over .

True , he was male ( women attempt suicide more often , but men succeed five times more ) .
true , he was male ( women [try] suicide more often , but men succeed five times more ) .

In 1946 , the AFL-CIO launched `` Operation Dixie , '' an abortive attempt to organize the entire region , but it collapsed when unions proved more interested in raiding other unions for members than in organizing new workers .
in 1946 , the afl-cio launched `` operation dixie , '' an abortive [try] to organize the entire region , but it collapsed when unions proved more interested in raiding other unions for members than in organizing new workers .

Dan Quayle described Clinton 's message as part of an attempt by gays and liberals `` to impose their particular viewpoint on us . ''
dan quayle described clinton 's message as part of an [try] by gays and liberals `` to impose their particular viewpoint on us . ''

If this story had an ending written by neoclassical economists , Guess would triumph and Levi 's would pay the price for its attempt to evade market imperatives .
if this story had an ending written by neoclassical economists , guess would triumph and levi 's would pay the price for its [try] to evade market imperatives .

The company did not capitalize on its advantages until the mid-'30s , when new management moved strongly into the passenger-plane market and started competing for military contracts as well ( including a failed attempt to sell bombers to Germany in 1937 and a successful sale to Great Britain in 1938 ) .
the company did not capitalize on its advantages until the mid-'30s , when new management moved strongly into the passenger-plane market and started competing for military contracts as well ( including a failed [try] to sell bombers to germany in 1937 and a successful sale to great britain in 1938 ) .

Instead of USX buying Marathon Oil in a desperate attempt to diversify into a business it had n't proved it could n't run , we have Boeing buying McDonnell Douglas , British Telecom buying MCI , and Raytheon buying Hughes Electronics .
instead of usx buying marathon oil in a desperate [try] to diversify into a business it had n't proved it could n't run , we have boeing buying mcdonnell douglas , british telecom buying mci , and raytheon buying hughes electronics .

Obviously , that would make any buyout attempt prohibitively expensive .
obviously , that would make any buyout [try] prohibitively expensive .

Conducted by the U.S. Public Health Service from 1932 to 1972 , that study left 412 black syphilitic men untreated -- even after penicillin became widely available -- in an attempt to determine the natural history of syphilis .
conducted by the u.s. public health service from 1932 to 1972 , that study left 412 black syphilitic men untreated -- even after penicillin became widely available -- in an [try] to determine the natural history of syphilis .

The animals ' decadelong attempt to mate was played as comic opera , but it was much darker .
the animals ' decadelong [try] to mate was played as comic opera , but it was much darker .

The documentary begins with his attempt to cast a feature called Northwestern , which seems meant as a cri de coeur for a generation of Midwestern druggies .
the documentary begins with his [try] to cast a feature called northwestern , which seems meant as a cri de coeur for a generation of midwestern druggies .

The attempt to wheedle money out of the caustic and not-quite-there old man is the real glory of American Movie .
the [try] to wheedle money out of the caustic and not-quite-there old man is the real glory of american movie .

His son had been killed in the line of duty , and no resuscitation attempt could explain the surgical wound .
his son had been killed in the line of duty , and no resuscitation [try] could explain the surgical wound .

Richard Posner is a far more distinguished jurist than Thomas Penfield Jackson , who chose him last week to mediate -- or attempt to mediate -- a settlement in the Microsoft case .
richard posner is a far more distinguished jurist than thomas penfield jackson , who chose him last week to mediate -- or [try] to mediate -- a settlement in the microsoft case .

As Peter Stevenson notes in the New York Observer , the point `` feels a bit tired by now , '' and Sontag 's preface fails in its attempt to `` wrest Ms. Leibovitz 's photographs back from the magazine pages where they help sell movie stars and BMW 's . ''
as peter stevenson notes in the new york observer , the point `` feels a bit tired by now , '' and sontag 's preface fails in its [try] to `` wrest ms. leibovitz 's photographs back from the magazine pages where they help sell movie stars and bmw 's . ''

There 's even a rare performance from one of the `` Bond girls , '' Sophie Marceau , as a damsel in distress who turns out to be very distressed -- psychologically -- by a previous kidnapping attempt .
there 's even a rare performance from one of the `` bond girls , '' sophie marceau , as a damsel in distress who turns out to be very distressed -- psychologically -- by a previous kidnapping [try] .

The cover story explains the race controversy in Decatur , Ill. : The expulsion of six black students ( for fighting at a football game ) that has outraged Jesse Jackson is viewed as an attempt to halt the white flight that has undercut the city 's tax base .
the cover story explains the race controversy in decatur , ill. : the expulsion of six black students ( for fighting at a football game ) that has outraged jesse jackson is viewed as an [try] to halt the white flight that has undercut the city 's tax base .

It swerves left then right as she pulls on locked doors in a vain attempt to evade the plant 's security .
it swerves left then right as she pulls on locked doors in a vain [try] to evade the plant 's security .

United Yellow Cab Drivers vs. ( Police Commissioner ) Safir -- attempt to block cabbies from holding a demonstration .
united yellow cab drivers vs. ( police commissioner ) safir -- [try] to block cabbies from holding a demonstration .

Bery vs. City of New York -- attempt to stop artists from selling work on streets without official artist license .
bery vs. city of new york -- [try] to stop artists from selling work on streets without official artist license .

Rudolph Giuliani vs. A Bunch of Idiots -- attempt to brand letter `` I '' on foreheads of those who disagree with him .
rudolph giuliani vs. a bunch of idiots -- [try] to brand letter `` i '' on foreheads of those who disagree with him .

Kalke vs. City of New York -- attempt to thwart All Saints Lutheran 's Church from distributing condoms in city parks as part of AIDS education program .
kalke vs. city of new york -- [try] to thwart all saints lutheran 's church from distributing condoms in city parks as part of aids education program .

City of New York vs. Jerks Who Cross Against the Light -- attempt to impose corporal punishment on those who impede any car any time with their damn walking .
city of new york vs. jerks who cross against the light -- [try] to impose corporal punishment on those who impede any car any time with their damn walking .

New York Magazine vs. City of New York -- attempt to stop the magazine from making fun of the mayor in ads on the sides of buses .
new york magazine vs. city of new york -- [try] to stop the magazine from making fun of the mayor in ads on the sides of buses .

City of New York vs. Time Warner Cable II : This time it 's personal -- attempt to make Fox prime-time lineup mandatory viewing in city 's schools .
city of new york vs. time warner cable ii : this time it 's personal -- [try] to make fox prime-time lineup mandatory viewing in city 's schools .

It might be worth an attempt to ferret them out .
it might be worth an [try] to ferret them out .

Readers familiar with my obsessions may fear that this column is just another attempt to spoil everyone 's fun , to replace the beautiful mystery of life with ugly Darwinian clarity .
readers familiar with my obsessions may fear that this column is just another [try] to spoil everyone 's fun , to replace the beautiful mystery of life with ugly darwinian clarity .

The companion maxim is that people often make no attempt at all to look out for the interests of others .
the companion maxim is that people often make no [try] at all to look out for the interests of others .

In an attempt to settle this question impartially , I will now put on my lab coat and take up the tools of modern science .
in an [try] to settle this question impartially , i will now put on my lab coat and take up the tools of modern science .

Young people oversave in an attempt to improve their own prospects , and old people oversave in an attempt to improve their children 's prospects .
young people oversave in an [try] to improve their own prospects , and old people oversave in an [try] to improve their children 's prospects .

The magazine 's attempt at edginess seems desperate and strained .
the magazine 's [try] at edginess seems desperate and strained .

The vaccine is the first attempt to protect the entire U.S. military against a germ warfare agent .
the vaccine is the first [try] to protect the entire u.s. military against a germ warfare agent .

No , wait , sorry -- he can also attempt to emulate it by persuading the Florida legislature to `` reform '' its death penalty statutes so they can kill folks as fast as Texans do .
no , wait , sorry -- he can also [try] to emulate it by persuading the florida legislature to `` reform '' its death penalty statutes so they can kill folks as fast as texans do .

The man who had once come up with a `` has-been corner '' skit , in which , as Zmuda recalls , forgotten performers `` would be sent out to flounder in front of an audience ... in an attempt to regain some of their vanished fame , '' was on his way to becoming a has-been himself .
the man who had once come up with a `` has-been corner '' skit , in which , as zmuda recalls , forgotten performers `` would be sent out to flounder in front of an audience ... in an [try] to regain some of their vanished fame , '' was on his way to becoming a has-been himself .

Sportswriters were happy for 1 ) Florida State receiver Peter Warrick , the undisputed star of the game , who `` redeemed '' himself after last year 's arrest and suspension for theft ; 2 ) Florida State coach Bobby Bowden , who got his first undefeated season and second national championship in 40 years of coaching ; and 3 ) the Virginia Tech players , who `` put season-long criticism of their toughness to rest '' with a valiant comeback attempt .
sportswriters were happy for 1 ) florida state receiver peter warrick , the undisputed star of the game , who `` redeemed '' himself after last year 's arrest and suspension for theft ; 2 ) florida state coach bobby bowden , who got his first undefeated season and second national championship in 40 years of coaching ; and 3 ) the virginia tech players , who `` put season-long criticism of their toughness to rest '' with a valiant comeback [try] .

In the 19 th century such mudslinging never amounted to a full-scale attempt to assess a candidate 's psychological profile .
in the 19 th century such mudslinging never amounted to a full-scale [try] to assess a candidate 's psychological profile .

The paper said the IRA has invited Gen. John de Chastelain , the Canadian head of an independent arms decomissioning body , to witness a controlled explosion of some of its weaponry later this month in an attempt to meet the terms of the peace deal negotiated by former U.S. Sen. George Mitchell .
the paper said the ira has invited gen. john de chastelain , the canadian head of an independent arms decomissioning body , to witness a controlled explosion of some of its weaponry later this month in an [try] to meet the terms of the peace deal negotiated by former u.s. sen. george mitchell .

I am concerned that some groups will attempt to measure existence value in such a way that they do , in fact , come up with a number that is in their favor .
i am concerned that some groups will [try] to measure existence value in such a way that they do , in fact , come up with a number that is in their favor .

As a University Professor I make every attempt to be objective .
as a university professor i make every [try] to be objective .

The critics ' main bone of contention is that the film makes no attempt to explain the source of his eccentricity : `` Mr. Forman and his colleagues present the Andy Kaufman mystery as if they thought it was utterly impenetrable '' ( Joe Morgenstern , the Wall Street Journal ) , or as Janet Maslin writes in the New York Times , `` what is missing here , though it might have been the first thing expected from an ostensible film biography , is an answer to the simplest question : Who was Andy Kaufman , and how did he get that way ? ''
the critics ' main bone of contention is that the film makes no [try] to explain the source of his eccentricity : `` mr. forman and his colleagues present the andy kaufman mystery as if they thought it was utterly impenetrable '' ( joe morgenstern , the wall street journal ) , or as janet maslin writes in the new york times , `` what is missing here , though it might have been the first thing expected from an ostensible film biography , is an answer to the simplest question : who was andy kaufman , and how did he get that way ? ''

In a report from Beijing on emergency weekend meetings of senior Chinese cadres , the paper noted that the PLA 's Deputy Chief of Staff Gen. Xiong Guangkai insisted that the embassy strike had been a deliberate attempt by the United States to trample on Chinese sovereignty .
in a report from beijing on emergency weekend meetings of senior chinese cadres , the paper noted that the pla 's deputy chief of staff gen. xiong guangkai insisted that the embassy strike had been a deliberate [try] by the united states to trample on chinese sovereignty .

Do not attempt to pet the bison !
do not [try] to pet the bison !

If a Milosevic knew with reasonable certainty that ethnic cleansing would be prevented and punished , he might not attempt it .
if a milosevic knew with reasonable certainty that ethnic cleansing would be prevented and punished , he might not [try] it .

George W. Bush , R-Texas , in polls ; that President Clinton 's sleaze is rubbing off on Gore ; that Gore 's attempt to make suburban traffic jams a presidential campaign issue is frivolous ; and that Gore shot himself in the foot last week by claiming to have taken `` the initiative in creating the Internet . ''
george w. bush , r-texas , in polls ; that president clinton 's sleaze is rubbing off on gore ; that gore 's [try] to make suburban traffic jams a presidential campaign issue is frivolous ; and that gore shot himself in the foot last week by claiming to have taken `` the initiative in creating the internet . ''

The story told how Prince William , Prince Charles ' eldest son , had had a broken finger reset after a first attempt to fix it failed .
the story told how prince william , prince charles ' eldest son , had had a broken finger reset after a first [try] to fix it failed .

Powers expressed bafflement at the charges , concluding that the letter `` amounts to an attempt to intimidate ... me from writing about 'their field . '
powers expressed bafflement at the charges , concluding that the letter `` amounts to an [try] to intimidate ... me from writing about 'their field . '

While claiming that the cleansers generally `` respected human rights , '' Petrovic did n't attempt to conceal his racial prejudice .
while claiming that the cleansers generally `` respected human rights , '' petrovic did n't [try] to conceal his racial prejudice .

The cover story charts Michael Milken 's attempt to become `` the Sam Walton of gray matter '' by acquiring a `` cradle to grave '' series of education businesses , from preschools to vocational training firms .
the cover story charts michael milken 's [try] to become `` the sam walton of gray matter '' by acquiring a `` cradle to grave '' series of education businesses , from preschools to vocational training firms .

If tickets sell out long in advance not to enthusiasts but to speculators , or if the long lines consist not of dedicated fans but of hired proxies , this attempt to pursue a long-term agenda is defeated .
if tickets sell out long in advance not to enthusiasts but to speculators , or if the long lines consist not of dedicated fans but of hired proxies , this [try] to pursue a long-term agenda is defeated .

They attempt to hide their crafty schemes from the outside world by forcing the conquered nation to sign a faux treaty .
they [try] to hide their crafty schemes from the outside world by forcing the conquered nation to sign a faux treaty .

There , they attempt to repair their broken spaceship but are stymied by the hook-nosed owner of the local parts shop -- Watto -- who also happens to have a thick Yiddish accent !
there , they [try] to repair their broken spaceship but are stymied by the hook-nosed owner of the local parts shop -- watto -- who also happens to have a thick yiddish accent !

Campaign-finance watchdogs ' spin : It 's an attempt to curb DeLay 's fearsome power and ruthlessness .
campaign-finance watchdogs ' spin : it 's an [try] to curb delay 's fearsome power and ruthlessness .

I spontaneously said to myself , `` What a pitiful attempt at elegance ! ''
i spontaneously said to myself , `` what a pitiful [try] at elegance ! ''

Whatever depth this character has is the upshot of Roberts ' attempt to communicate something about her own celebrity : to say that it has made her overdefended , and that it 's a constant battle to stay human in the face of so much attention .
whatever depth this character has is the upshot of roberts ' [try] to communicate something about her own celebrity : to say that it has made her overdefended , and that it 's a constant battle to stay human in the face of so much attention .

This is an imaginative attempt to dress craven pragmatism as high principle , but it makes no sense .
this is an imaginative [try] to dress craven pragmatism as high principle , but it makes no sense .

In a sidebar , a conservative pundit urges the religious right to withdraw from partisan politics , comparing today 's Christian politicians to the religious teetotalers who passed Prohibition in a misguided attempt to regulate morality .
in a sidebar , a conservative pundit urges the religious right to withdraw from partisan politics , comparing today 's christian politicians to the religious teetotalers who passed prohibition in a misguided [try] to regulate morality .

Drawing heavily on works in the museum 's permanent collection , some of which are rarely displayed , Anderson 's first attempt at a blockbuster eschews political correctness , offers no historical revisionism , and even includes work by Norman Rockwell without quotation marks .
drawing heavily on works in the museum 's permanent collection , some of which are rarely displayed , anderson 's first [try] at a blockbuster eschews political correctness , offers no historical revisionism , and even includes work by norman rockwell without quotation marks .

The two films cited most often are Heathers , in which Christian Slater is foiled in an attempt to detonate his school , and The Basketball Diaries , in which Leonardo DiCaprio fantasizes about gunning down his classmates and a priest Terminator -style while his buddies cheer .
the two films cited most often are heathers , in which christian slater is foiled in an [try] to detonate his school , and the basketball diaries , in which leonardo dicaprio fantasizes about gunning down his classmates and a priest terminator -style while his buddies cheer .

The author welcomed Europe 's attempt in Kosovo to break openly with the spirit of Munich but warned that the new internationalism contains paradoxes that could spell trouble in the future .
the author welcomed europe 's [try] in kosovo to break openly with the spirit of munich but warned that the new internationalism contains paradoxes that could spell trouble in the future .

Abderrahman al-Rashed , the editor of the leading Saudi daily Asharq al-Awsat , wrote that the heir apparent 's rejection of Clinton 's attempt to get him to meet secretly with Israeli officials in Amman ( `` Mr. President , I think friendship has limits '' ) -- news of which broke Wednesday in the same paper -- was a cause for Saudi pride .
abderrahman al-rashed , the editor of the leading saudi daily asharq al-awsat , wrote that the heir apparent 's rejection of clinton 's [try] to get him to meet secretly with israeli officials in amman ( `` mr. president , i think friendship has limits '' ) -- news of which broke wednesday in the same paper -- was a cause for saudi pride .

Tuesday , despite a $ 3.7 million campaign by the National Rifle Association , Missouri voted down an attempt to lift the ban on concealed weapons .
tuesday , despite a $ 3.7 million campaign by the national rifle association , missouri voted down an [try] to lift the ban on concealed weapons .

Hare 's first produced play , Slag ( 1970 ) , is a kind of dystopian fantasy about radical feminism , in which the attempt to run a girls ' school dissolves into absurd infighting .
hare 's first produced play , slag ( 1970 ) , is a kind of dystopian fantasy about radical feminism , in which the [try] to run a girls ' school dissolves into absurd infighting .

News Quiz participants are still encouraged to attempt this far more demanding verse form :
news quiz participants are still encouraged to [try] this far more demanding verse form :

Programs like `` All Star '' are colossal wastes of time that make teen-agers hate school because they emphasize exactly what they attempt to eliminate .
programs like `` all star '' are colossal wastes of time that make teen-agers hate school because they emphasize exactly what they [try] to eliminate .

That assumption becomes invalid if highly skilled people can hide their abilities in an attempt to defraud the system .
that assumption becomes invalid if highly skilled people can hide their abilities in an [try] to defraud the system .

The Globe believes it may have been a murder attempt .
the globe believes it may have been a murder [try] .

Whether in asking these questions Starr himself was pressuring Steele -- and whether that constitutes a `` vicious attempt to threaten Steele 's adoption '' ( Shapiro ) in `` genuine Gestapo fashion '' ( Al Hunt in the Wall Street Journal ) -- is a question the current criminal proceeding will not answer .
whether in asking these questions starr himself was pressuring steele -- and whether that constitutes a `` vicious [try] to threaten steele 's adoption '' ( shapiro ) in `` genuine gestapo fashion '' ( al hunt in the wall street journal ) -- is a question the current criminal proceeding will not answer .

Running down the left side of every article you 'll find `` Today in Slate , '' which is our attempt to persuade you to check out other good stuff currently on our site .
running down the left side of every article you 'll find `` today in slate , '' which is our [try] to persuade you to check out other good stuff currently on our site .

The experience of the past few months ( in which the prospect that the government would have to sell vast quantities of bonds to finance its deficits temporarily led to a tripling of long-term interest rates ) suggests that any attempt to stimulate the economy with even bigger deficit spending will do more harm than good .
the experience of the past few months ( in which the prospect that the government would have to sell vast quantities of bonds to finance its deficits temporarily led to a tripling of long-term interest rates ) suggests that any [try] to stimulate the economy with even bigger deficit spending will do more harm than good .

Most Israelis are merely irritated with this Palestinian claim , viewing it as an unseemly attempt to exploit the Kosovo crisis and as a faulty analogy .
most israelis are merely irritated with this palestinian claim , viewing it as an unseemly [try] to exploit the kosovo crisis and as a faulty analogy .

Russian newspapers , published Tuesday before the offer was made and rejected , were enthusiastic about Primakov 's attempt at mediation .
russian newspapers , published tuesday before the offer was made and rejected , were enthusiastic about primakov 's [try] at mediation .

David Mamet -- who , coincidentally , wrote Connery 's marvelous dialogue in that movie -- gave the American theater a brusque shove out of the romantic realm of disillusioned lefties such as Eugene O'Neill and Arthur Miller into a brutal capitalist realism , wherein every encounter was reduced to an attempt by one party to hoodwink , psych out , or otherwise overpower another .
david mamet -- who , coincidentally , wrote connery 's marvelous dialogue in that movie -- gave the american theater a brusque shove out of the romantic realm of disillusioned lefties such as eugene o'neill and arthur miller into a brutal capitalist realism , wherein every encounter was reduced to an [try] by one party to hoodwink , psych out , or otherwise overpower another .

Set in England before World War I , the play ( based on an actual incident ) tells the story of an adolescent boy expelled from a military academy for the theft of a five-shilling postal money order , and the financially ruinous attempt of his proper patriarch ( played in the film by Nigel Hawthorne ) to clear his son 's name .
set in england before world war i , the play ( based on an actual incident ) tells the story of an adolescent boy expelled from a military academy for the theft of a five-shilling postal money order , and the financially ruinous [try] of his proper patriarch ( played in the film by nigel hawthorne ) to clear his son 's name .

The truck involved in the Bourbonnais crash is suspected of veering around the gates in an attempt to beat the train through the crossing .
the truck involved in the bourbonnais crash is suspected of veering around the gates in an [try] to beat the train through the crossing .

His attempt to characterize the editorial board of the Wall Street Journal as ridiculously hostile to taxation forgets that the Journal people are in good company .
his [try] to characterize the editorial board of the wall street journal as ridiculously hostile to taxation forgets that the journal people are in good company .

I do n't think of you as one who would attempt to disrupt sisterly relations , and so wanted to make sure you understood the possible ramifications of what you printed .
i do n't think of you as one who would [try] to disrupt sisterly relations , and so wanted to make sure you understood the possible ramifications of what you printed .

I 'm assuming this is some misguided attempt to preserve my individuality , but if that were my goal I would have kept my maiden name .
i 'm assuming this is some misguided [try] to preserve my individuality , but if that were my goal i would have kept my maiden name .

My best attempt : `` Is your dignity intact ? ''
my best [try] : `` is your dignity intact ? ''

Under the control of the Department of War , its first head was the legendary private detective Allan Pinkerton , a friend of McClellan 's who had learned of -- and helped avert -- an attempt on Lincoln 's life in 1861 .
under the control of the department of war , its first head was the legendary private detective allan pinkerton , a friend of mcclellan 's who had learned of -- and helped avert -- an [try] on lincoln 's life in 1861 .

Last month , Israel 's vaunted intelligence agency , Mossad , botched an assassination attempt on a Hamas leader in Amman , Jordan .
last month , israel 's vaunted intelligence agency , mossad , botched an assassination [try] on a hamas leader in amman , jordan .

On Dec. 6 , 1957 , the first American attempt to put a satellite in orbit exploded on the launch pad .
on dec. 6 , 1957 , the first american [try] to put a satellite in orbit exploded on the launch pad .

Enforcement of the Hatch Act was always erratic , and there was no serious attempt to apply its general ban on politicking to the White House .
enforcement of the hatch act was always erratic , and there was no serious [try] to apply its general ban on politicking to the white house .

At the least , he was hired in an attempt to influence administration China policy .
at the least , he was hired in an [try] to influence administration china policy .

The federal rules of criminal procedure prohibit the government from using any statements made in furtherance of a plea bargain , and Lewinsky 's attempt to gain immunity is essentially a form of plea bargaining .
the federal rules of criminal procedure prohibit the government from using any statements made in furtherance of a plea bargain , and lewinsky 's [try] to gain immunity is essentially a form of plea bargaining .

They cite her unsuccessful suicide attempt and chalk her problems up to obsession with her dead father -- this is also Birthday Letters ' position .
they cite her unsuccessful suicide [try] and chalk her problems up to obsession with her dead father -- this is also birthday letters ' position .

Perhaps the most absurd examples are people like Sen. Dan Coats of Indiana -- a co-sponsor of the corporate-welfare-commission bill -- who voted last year to stop a brave attempt by Arizona Republican Sen. John McCain to get rid of the so-called Market Access Program .
perhaps the most absurd examples are people like sen. dan coats of indiana -- a co-sponsor of the corporate-welfare-commission bill -- who voted last year to stop a brave [try] by arizona republican sen. john mccain to get rid of the so-called market access program .

This is like Gerald Ford 's attempt to fight inflation by banning it from his vocabulary .
this is like gerald ford 's [try] to fight inflation by banning it from his vocabulary .

If McCain-Feingold gains enough shame-leverage to pass the Senate , expect an attempt to kill it in the House .
if mccain-feingold gains enough shame-leverage to pass the senate , expect an [try] to kill it in the house .

His most recent gambit -- criticizing the president for proposing excessive cuts in Medicare managed-care fees -- was an attempt to outflank Clinton on the left .
his most recent gambit -- criticizing the president for proposing excessive cuts in medicare managed-care fees -- was an [try] to outflank clinton on the left .

Keeping an important post vacant may actually undermine the attempt to change the policy it represents .
keeping an important post vacant may actually undermine the [try] to change the policy it represents .

William Safire might complain that this attempt at insight into his thinking is grotesquely unjust .
william safire might complain that this [try] at insight into his thinking is grotesquely unjust .

He danced away from that view in a failed attempt to make it to the Supreme Court .
he danced away from that view in a failed [try] to make it to the supreme court .

These are his views , and he has made no attempt to hide them .
these are his views , and he has made no [try] to hide them .

Clinton 's `` that woman '' lie at least was a sincere attempt to keep us in the dark .
clinton 's `` that woman '' lie at least was a sincere [try] to keep us in the dark .

He subsequently wins the election after staging a fake assassination attempt .
he subsequently wins the election after staging a fake assassination [try] .

A botched assassination attempt that killed innocents is just the kind of thing the citizens ought to know about , while the government wo n't want them to know .
a botched assassination [try] that killed innocents is just the kind of thing the citizens ought to know about , while the government wo n't want them to know .

Ira Magaziner is best known as the chief structural engineer of the Clinton administration 's biggest boo-boo , its first-term attempt to pass comprehensive health-care reform .
ira magaziner is best known as the chief structural engineer of the clinton administration 's biggest boo-boo , its first-term [try] to pass comprehensive health-care reform .

In May 1995 , then-acting Assistant Attorney General Kent Markus wrote to Sen. Patrick Leahy that among other problems , the proposal was an attempt to `` impose criminal sanctions on the transmission of constitutionally protected speech . ''
in may 1995 , then-acting assistant attorney general kent markus wrote to sen. patrick leahy that among other problems , the proposal was an [try] to `` impose criminal sanctions on the transmission of constitutionally protected speech . ''

Seconds daringly capitalizes on Jim and Sarah Brady 's conversion to the Clinton camp , combining the horrific footage of John Hinckley 's assassination attempt on Ronald Reagan with a stirring endorsement of Clinton from Brady , who was grievously wounded in the assault .
seconds daringly capitalizes on jim and sarah brady 's conversion to the clinton camp , combining the horrific footage of john hinckley 's assassination [try] on ronald reagan with a stirring endorsement of clinton from brady , who was grievously wounded in the assault .

The advisers called the defamation case an attempt to silence those who challenge the white establishment and `` to punish three men who have clearly given their lives and their careers to help people who could not help themselves . ''
the advisers called the defamation case an [try] to silence those who challenge the white establishment and `` to punish three men who have clearly given their lives and their careers to help people who could not help themselves . ''

Al Sharpton , who has been found liable for defaming Prosecutor Steven Pagones by accusing him of raping Brawley , refused to apologize and depicted the defamation suit as an attempt to silence a brave civil rights martyr , i.e. , himself .
al sharpton , who has been found liable for defaming prosecutor steven pagones by accusing him of raping brawley , refused to apologize and depicted the defamation suit as an [try] to silence a brave civil rights martyr , i.e. , himself .

Einstein overcame his metaphysical scruples about the big bang not long before his death in 1955 , referring to his earlier attempt to dodge it by an ad hoc theoretical device as `` the greatest blunder of my career . ''
einstein overcame his metaphysical scruples about the big bang not long before his death in 1955 , referring to his earlier [try] to dodge it by an ad hoc theoretical device as `` the greatest blunder of my career . ''

Looking at the English translation of the codex on a CD-ROM at the exhibit , I saw that what began as an attempt by Leonardo to set down the first principles of the behavior of water ended up as a farrago of observations and musings -- fanciful , insightful , analytically maddening .
looking at the english translation of the codex on a cd-rom at the exhibit , i saw that what began as an [try] by leonardo to set down the first principles of the behavior of water ended up as a farrago of observations and musings -- fanciful , insightful , analytically maddening .

Flaherty 's famous portrait of an Eskimo 's daily struggle to survive was the first attempt to join documentary filmmaking to personal vision , in Flaherty 's case a vision of humankind 's struggle to overcome Nature .
flaherty 's famous portrait of an eskimo 's daily struggle to survive was the first [try] to join documentary filmmaking to personal vision , in flaherty 's case a vision of humankind 's struggle to overcome nature .

It was NATO 's first attempt to arrest suspected war criminals in the Balkans .
it was nato 's first [try] to arrest suspected war criminals in the balkans .

Perhaps the most worrying detail of the attempt to get negotiations between Israel and the Palestinian Authority jump-started is this remark of Israeli President Ezer Weizman 's reported in the Times : `` We will do everything to avoid going into a hot conflict , and right now I fear it 's headed in that direction . ''
perhaps the most worrying detail of the [try] to get negotiations between israel and the palestinian authority jump-started is this remark of israeli president ezer weizman 's reported in the times : `` we will do everything to avoid going into a hot conflict , and right now i fear it 's headed in that direction . ''

The Paxon exit is widely seen as fallout from his participation in a failed attempt by House Republicans earlier this week to unseat Newt Gingrich from his Speaker 's post .
the paxon exit is widely seen as fallout from his participation in a failed [try] by house republicans earlier this week to unseat newt gingrich from his speaker 's post .

The WP 's lead reveals that last January , as part of an attempt to woo a potential head of the Democratic National Committee , President Clinton had agreed to decree that the DNC would no longer accept `` soft money . ''
the wp 's lead reveals that last january , as part of an [try] to woo a potential head of the democratic national committee , president clinton had agreed to decree that the dnc would no longer accept `` soft money . ''

It is simply an attempt to identify the ways that whites remain blind to , and blinded by , an unspoken faith in race -- and to expose the means by which white skin and `` white attitudes '' still confer social advantage .
it is simply an [try] to identify the ways that whites remain blind to , and blinded by , an unspoken faith in race -- and to expose the means by which white skin and `` white attitudes '' still confer social advantage .

Of course , these parents are spending this money in an attempt to assure the future success of their children .
of course , these parents are spending this money in an [try] to assure the future success of their children .

The Popular Front was the American Communist Party 's attempt in the late 1930s to pool leftists into a grand anti-fascist coalition .
the popular front was the american communist party 's [try] in the late 1930s to pool leftists into a grand anti-fascist coalition .

It was also an attempt by early humanists to challenge clerical authority .
it was also an [try] by early humanists to challenge clerical authority .

-- ladies and gentlemen -- I will now attempt to discuss Social Security with no numbers , no graphs , and not a single use of the word `` actuarial . ''
-- ladies and gentlemen -- i will now [try] to discuss social security with no numbers , no graphs , and not a single use of the word `` actuarial . ''

No matter how this discussion shakes out , the Torah codes paper seems fundamentally unlike any previous attempt to use science to prove a metaphysical point .
no matter how this discussion shakes out , the torah codes paper seems fundamentally unlike any previous [try] to use science to prove a metaphysical point .

Into this breach , explains the Post , will go an attempt to scale back the marriage penalty paid by many two-earner couples , and other targeted tax relief proposals .
into this breach , explains the post , will go an [try] to scale back the marriage penalty paid by many two-earner couples , and other targeted tax relief proposals .

Then there will be an attempt at an informal censure , which , the LAT explains , would be read into the record but not acted on .
then there will be an [try] at an informal censure , which , the lat explains , would be read into the record but not acted on .

Lead DOJ trial attorney David Boies got a Microsoft senior VP to admit that there was a major inaccuracy in the video the company played in the courtroom in an attempt to show that disengaging MS ' internet browser from its Windows 98 software makes the latter run slower .
lead doj trial attorney david boies got a microsoft senior vp to admit that there was a major inaccuracy in the video the company played in the courtroom in an [try] to show that disengaging ms ' internet browser from its windows 98 software makes the latter run slower .

In its July issue , author Stephen Schwartz writes that the Robeson commemorations is the latest attempt to sell the American people a `` falsified '' and `` upside-down '' version of their history .
in its july issue , author stephen schwartz writes that the robeson commemorations is the latest [try] to sell the american people a `` falsified '' and `` upside-down '' version of their history .

As the two men sat in Robeson 's bugged hotel room , Feffer gestured emphatically to Robeson and scribbled him notes in a desperate attempt to convey the fact that he and numerous other prominent Jewish cultural figures were going to be executed imminently .
as the two men sat in robeson 's bugged hotel room , feffer gestured emphatically to robeson and scribbled him notes in a desperate [try] to convey the fact that he and numerous other prominent jewish cultural figures were going to be executed imminently .

Even that letter stated that the Senate would not attempt to compel Clinton to testify .
even that letter stated that the senate would not [try] to compel clinton to testify .

Is this merely faulty reporting or a conscious attempt not to alert the majority of its readers that a law they voted for -- but that the LAT is against -- is about to be undone ?
is this merely faulty reporting or a conscious [try] not to alert the majority of its readers that a law they voted for -- but that the lat is against -- is about to be undone ?

The article says that the move might be an attempt to undercut Republican criticism about the decline of military readiness during the Clinton presidency .
the article says that the move might be an [try] to undercut republican criticism about the decline of military readiness during the clinton presidency .

In the first prosecution ever under California 's cyber-stalking statute , an L.A. man ( who , natch , lived with his 80-year-old mother ) is being tried for using the Internet in an attempt to set up the rape of a woman who had spurned him .
in the first prosecution ever under california 's cyber-stalking statute , an l.a. man ( who , natch , lived with his 80-year-old mother ) is being tried for using the internet in an [try] to set up the rape of a woman who had spurned him .

A separate Times item reports that yesterday morning Secretary of Health and Human Services Donna Shalala foiled an attempt to rob her at a bank ATM and gave the police a getaway car license plate that directly led to the arrest of three suspects in the crime .
a separate times item reports that yesterday morning secretary of health and human services donna shalala foiled an [try] to rob her at a bank atm and gave the police a getaway car license plate that directly led to the arrest of three suspects in the crime .

A NYT Week in Review piece documents the supermarket tabloids ' attempt to woo the AARP crowd .
a nyt week in review piece documents the supermarket tabloids ' [try] to woo the aarp crowd .

The Post devotes its entire front page to Clinton 's acquittal , yet the Times is the only paper of the big three to headline the sinking of Democratic Senator Dianne Feinstein 's attempt to force a vote on censure .
the post devotes its entire front page to clinton 's acquittal , yet the times is the only paper of the big three to headline the sinking of democratic senator dianne feinstein 's [try] to force a vote on censure .

The Post points out that a finding of civil contempt could force Clinton to pay tens of thousands of dollars and might even jumpstart any attempt by Kenneth Starr to indict him .
the post points out that a finding of civil contempt could force clinton to pay tens of thousands of dollars and might even jumpstart any [try] by kenneth starr to indict him .

Only the NYT headline mentions what this is all about -- the House 's attempt to remove Clinton from office .
only the nyt headline mentions what this is all about -- the house 's [try] to remove clinton from office .

The NYT and WSJ report a new revelation made by the German firm Deutsche Bank in its attempt to placate Holocaust survivors whose property ended up in the bank 's accounts so that it can receive approval of its planned takeover of the American financial institution Bankers Trust .
the nyt and wsj report a new revelation made by the german firm deutsche bank in its [try] to placate holocaust survivors whose property ended up in the bank 's accounts so that it can receive approval of its planned takeover of the american financial institution bankers trust .

The attempt to construct a total work of art 31 .
the [try] to construct a total work of art 31 .

The NYT reports that after meeting in Moscow with Boris Yeltsin , Milosevic , in an attempt to forestall NATO military action against his forces , pledged to provide relief groups and international monitors with access to Albanians in Kosovo province and to make arrangements for Albanian refugees to return there .
the nyt reports that after meeting in moscow with boris yeltsin , milosevic , in an [try] to forestall nato military action against his forces , pledged to provide relief groups and international monitors with access to albanians in kosovo province and to make arrangements for albanian refugees to return there .

The New York Times leads with Janet Reno 's decision to launch an inquiry into whether or not during his 1996 re-election bid , President Clinton coordinated an `` issue '' advertising campaign that was in fact an improper attempt to circumvent federal limits on his own campaign ad budget .
the new york times leads with janet reno 's decision to launch an inquiry into whether or not during his 1996 re-election bid , president clinton coordinated an `` issue '' advertising campaign that was in fact an improper [try] to circumvent federal limits on his own campaign ad budget .

Inside pieces at both the WP and the NYT report that the Senate yesterday killed an attempt at campaign finance reform , probably tabling such efforts for the rest of the year .
inside pieces at both the wp and the nyt report that the senate yesterday killed an [try] at campaign finance reform , probably tabling such efforts for the rest of the year .

All make note of Tennessee Republican Senator ( and cardiac surgeon ) Bill Frist 's attempt to aid both a wounded officer and the gunman .
all make note of tennessee republican senator ( and cardiac surgeon ) bill frist 's [try] to aid both a wounded officer and the gunman .

The NYT reports that in an apparent attempt to spare President Clinton embarrassment on his trip to China , officials there ordered bookstores to remove a popular new book detailing the various Clinton sex scandals .
the nyt reports that in an apparent [try] to spare president clinton embarrassment on his trip to china , officials there ordered bookstores to remove a popular new book detailing the various clinton sex scandals .

USAT 's news section `` cover story , '' about the NRA 's attempt to go mainstream via Charlton Heston 's image , is illustrated by the same loopy photograph of Heston that the NYT used when it did that story yesterday .
usat 's news section `` cover story , '' about the nra 's [try] to go mainstream via charlton heston 's image , is illustrated by the same loopy photograph of heston that the nyt used when it did that story yesterday .

The papers note that the adverse ruling is the latest in a string of setbacks for Starr : his failed attempt to eradicate the postmortem lawyer-client privilege , the death of cooperating witness James McDougal , the release from jail of the non-cooperating Susan McDougal , and his failure thus far to delve into communications between Clinton and his government-supplied lawyers or into the observations made of Clinton by his Secret Service detail .
the papers note that the adverse ruling is the latest in a string of setbacks for starr : his failed [try] to eradicate the postmortem lawyer-client privilege , the death of cooperating witness james mcdougal , the release from jail of the non-cooperating susan mcdougal , and his failure thus far to delve into communications between clinton and his government-supplied lawyers or into the observations made of clinton by his secret service detail .

The NYT lead reports that on Sunday , the night before his second attempt to win confirmation as PM from the Russian parliament , Chernomyrdin used his TV address to defend and further explain the economic platform he rolled out last week : printing billions of rubles now to pay for years of soldiers ' , civil servants ' and defense workers ' back wages and pensions and to save banks , and cutting the profits tax by 50 percent and then in just a few months , strictly controlling the currency , collecting taxes and cutting government spending .
the nyt lead reports that on sunday , the night before his second [try] to win confirmation as pm from the russian parliament , chernomyrdin used his tv address to defend and further explain the economic platform he rolled out last week : printing billions of rubles now to pay for years of soldiers ' , civil servants ' and defense workers ' back wages and pensions and to save banks , and cutting the profits tax by 50 percent and then in just a few months , strictly controlling the currency , collecting taxes and cutting government spending .

Despite evidence that Clinton could win a court victory quashing the subpoena , White House officials fear that any attempt to fight it might cost them support from congressional Democrats .
despite evidence that clinton could win a court victory quashing the subpoena , white house officials fear that any [try] to fight it might cost them support from congressional democrats .

The LAT and NYT note Obuchi 's reputation for timid foot-dragging , and characterize this as a purposeful attempt to appear bold and decisive .
the lat and nyt note obuchi 's reputation for timid foot-dragging , and characterize this as a purposeful [try] to appear bold and decisive .

The Washington Post goes with Big Tobacco 's negotiations with numerous states in an attempt to settle their claims , which remain in the wake of Congress ' failure to pass comprehensive tobacco legislation .
the washington post goes with big tobacco 's negotiations with numerous states in an [try] to settle their claims , which remain in the wake of congress ' failure to pass comprehensive tobacco legislation .

The Washington Post flags it as `` Clinton Decries Attempt to 'Set Me Up . ''
the washington post flags it as `` clinton decries [try] to 'set me up . ''

In conjunction with Clinton 's attempt to fine-tune the notion of sexual relations so that it required intercourse , the WP helpfully notes that in a recent Time-CNN poll , 87 percent of the respondents said they consider oral sex sex .
in conjunction with clinton 's [try] to fine-tune the notion of sexual relations so that it required intercourse , the wp helpfully notes that in a recent time-cnn poll , 87 percent of the respondents said they consider oral sex sex .

The LAT says that the Fed chairman 's remarks are the first attempt U.S. officials have made to restore confidence in foreign markets by addressing the possibility of lower interest rates .
the lat says that the fed chairman 's remarks are the first [try] u.s. officials have made to restore confidence in foreign markets by addressing the possibility of lower interest rates .

In any event , it is hard to discern , from the arch style affected in an attempt to make dull facts interesting , just what is the origin of sow one 's wild oats .
in any event , it is hard to discern , from the arch style affected in an [try] to make dull facts interesting , just what is the origin of sow one 's wild oats .

Here is another attempt at explanation : in a culture that has deserted basic agriculture for industry , where professions such as shoemaker and blacksmith and cooper have all but disappeared , many people never learn the connections between mankind and nature , or the crafts of working with basic materials .
here is another [try] at explanation : in a culture that has deserted basic agriculture for industry , where professions such as shoemaker and blacksmith and cooper have all but disappeared , many people never learn the connections between mankind and nature , or the crafts of working with basic materials .

In an attempt to reverse this trend , a Southern friend of mine offers the alternate when the grits hit the pan , but this usage seems destined to remain a regionalism at best , the kind of Southernism collected by John H. Felts in Bumps , Grinds , and Other Lewd ( 1389 ) Gestures [ XVI,3 ] .
in an [try] to reverse this trend , a southern friend of mine offers the alternate when the grits hit the pan , but this usage seems destined to remain a regionalism at best , the kind of southernism collected by john h. felts in bumps , grinds , and other lewd ( 1389 ) gestures [ xvi,3 ] .

Others attempt more , need more space , and run risks .
others [try] more , need more space , and run risks .

In such an attempt , there are bound to be points of disagreement , arguments that important subjects have been accorded short shrift , minor inaccuracies that will submit to later refinement .
in such an [try] , there are bound to be points of disagreement , arguments that important subjects have been accorded short shrift , minor inaccuracies that will submit to later refinement .

Some readers may know of my involvement with a related work , Allusions -- Cultural , Literary , Biblical , and Historical : A Thematic Dictionary [ with Frederick G. Ruffner , Gale Research Company , 1982 , 1986 ] , an attempt to provide a quick reference guide to what can be termed metaphors , consedering the present context .
some readers may know of my involvement with a related work , allusions -- cultural , literary , biblical , and historical : a thematic dictionary [ with frederick g. ruffner , gale research company , 1982 , 1986 ] , an [try] to provide a quick reference guide to what can be termed metaphors , consedering the present context .

Both products became so popular that their names began to function as generics in the public mind , and because of that the courts have ruled that other companies could use these words , uncapitalized , so long as they did not attempt to confuse or deceive the public .
both products became so popular that their names began to function as generics in the public mind , and because of that the courts have ruled that other companies could use these words , uncapitalized , so long as they did not [try] to confuse or deceive the public .

They will limit your power to control sentences similar to yours , just as they stymied Anheuser-Busch , the owners of the slogan , “ Where there 's life , there 's Bud , ” who failed in their attempt to prevent use of all slogans beginning , “ Where there 's life ... ” including , as far as I know , the age-old proverb , “ Where there 's life , there 's hope . ”
they will limit your power to control sentences similar to yours , just as they stymied anheuser-busch , the owners of the slogan , “ where there 's life , there 's bud , ” who failed in their [try] to prevent use of all slogans beginning , “ where there 's life ... ” including , as far as i know , the age-old proverb , “ where there 's life , there 's hope . ”

Listeners were diverted to hear him explain , in answer to a question about his personal life , that his pastimes included “ middle-aged antics , ” and they must have wondered what innocent japes -- or perhaps amorous frolics -- the old boy got up to , until they worked out that middle-aged was his very reasonable attempt at translating du moyen age ( medieval ) , and that antics was his Gallic stress pattern for ` antiques ' .
listeners were diverted to hear him explain , in answer to a question about his personal life , that his pastimes included “ middle-aged antics , ” and they must have wondered what innocent japes -- or perhaps amorous frolics -- the old boy got up to , until they worked out that middle-aged was his very reasonable [try] at translating du moyen age ( medieval ) , and that antics was his gallic stress pattern for ` antiques ' .

It is easy to reuse , and more important , each new usage reflects an attempt at creativity , however feeble .
it is easy to reuse , and more important , each new usage reflects an [try] at creativity , however feeble .

The average Brit is seldom at his most confident when forced by circumstance to attempt the language of another .
the average brit is seldom at his most confident when forced by circumstance to [try] the language of another .

Most , indeed , defy precision in the attempt altogether .
most , indeed , defy precision in the [try] altogether .

The defunct Philadelphia Journal was an attempt to bring European-styled street-paper tabloid journalism to the City of Brotherly Shove -- er , Love .
the defunct philadelphia journal was an [try] to bring european-styled street-paper tabloid journalism to the city of brotherly shove -- er , love .

The attempt to cover British , American , and Australian English in a single work creates occasional problems .
the [try] to cover british , american , and australian english in a single work creates occasional problems .

Dixon failed to find an etymon in a Queensland language , despite a brave attempt to locate the origin in a putative Jagara word which was glossed as wandering white man .
dixon failed to find an etymon in a queensland language , despite a brave [try] to locate the origin in a putative jagara word which was glossed as wandering white man .

The article 's was meant thesis seemed to be that we should not attempt to empathize with others -- that is , really to try to feel their experiences and share their burdens .
the article 's was meant thesis seemed to be that we should not [try] to empathize with others -- that is , really to try to feel their experiences and share their burdens .

It may not be possible to do it , but I do n't see anything wrong in trying -- no matter what word we use to describe the attempt .
it may not be possible to do it , but i do n't see anything wrong in trying -- no matter what word we use to describe the [try] .

As U.S. Supreme Court Justice Potter Stewart wrote of hard-core pornography , so do I of science fiction : “ I shall not attempt further to define the kind of material ... embraced within that short-hand description .
as u.s. supreme court justice potter stewart wrote of hard-core pornography , so do i of science fiction : “ i shall not [try] further to define the kind of material ... embraced within that short-hand description .

This article is an attempt to catalogue the main tools currently applied by cryptic puzzle-makers and solvers .
this article is an [try] to catalogue the main tools currently applied by cryptic puzzle-makers and solvers .

Tillie Olsen identifies silent periods when women are diverted from their work by needs of their families ; Spender talks of “ silence upon silence ” that has kept women 's experience from being encoded ; Adrienne Rich , in On Lies , Secrets and Silences , sees women 's struggle for self-determination “ muffled or silenced over and over ” ; most recently , Sandra Gilbert and Susan Gubar chart women authors ' apparent alienation from language , their frequent use of pseudonyms an attempt at renaming or , really , naming themselves .
tillie olsen identifies silent periods when women are diverted from their work by needs of their families ; spender talks of “ silence upon silence ” that has kept women 's experience from being encoded ; adrienne rich , in on lies , secrets and silences , sees women 's struggle for self-determination “ muffled or silenced over and over ” ; most recently , sandra gilbert and susan gubar chart women authors ' apparent alienation from language , their frequent use of pseudonyms an [try] at renaming or , really , naming themselves .

I see the rather boring point about using alumni to cover both men and women , and I quite agree that the use of relatively newer and less widely used terms like authoress , aviatrix , and poetess seems to be a deliberate , unwarranted attempt to identify someone as a female ; but a graduate of the feminine gender is a ` woman graduate ' = alumna , the ` first woman dancer in a ballet company ' is a prima ballerina ( I 've never heard of a “ prime ballerino ” ) , and a ` woman opera star ' is a diva or prima donna .
i see the rather boring point about using alumni to cover both men and women , and i quite agree that the use of relatively newer and less widely used terms like authoress , aviatrix , and poetess seems to be a deliberate , unwarranted [try] to identify someone as a female ; but a graduate of the feminine gender is a ` woman graduate ' = alumna , the ` first woman dancer in a ballet company ' is a prima ballerina ( i 've never heard of a “ prime ballerino ” ) , and a ` woman opera star ' is a diva or prima donna .

This dictionary lists alternatives for many of these expressions , not so that they can be removed from the language , but so that you can attempt to balance your writing and speaking with both female and male images or use alternatives when gender-fairness is not possible .
this dictionary lists alternatives for many of these expressions , not so that they can be removed from the language , but so that you can [try] to balance your writing and speaking with both female and male images or use alternatives when gender-fairness is not possible .

While waiting for my wife in the reception room , I saw a dapper little old fellow approach the information desk and attempt in Russian to get directions from the uncomprehending woman in attendance there behind a sign in several languages , including Tagalog—but not Yiddish .
while waiting for my wife in the reception room , i saw a dapper little old fellow approach the information desk and [try] in russian to get directions from the uncomprehending woman in attendance there behind a sign in several languages , including tagalog—but not yiddish .

From the cover : The guiding intuition is that Davidson 's work is best understood as an ongoing attempt to purge semantics of theoretical reifications .
from the cover : the guiding intuition is that davidson 's work is best understood as an ongoing [try] to purge semantics of theoretical reifications .

Likewise the period of revival of Pueblo-colonial architecture in the twentieth century corresponds to an attempt to revive Spanish , or at least historic nomenclature .
likewise the period of revival of pueblo-colonial architecture in the twentieth century corresponds to an [try] to revive spanish , or at least historic nomenclature .

The author makes an interesting attempt to account for several features of the runestones : the reason for their being left in Maine , the presence of Danish and other words in the inscriptions , the implications of runic inscriptions in which oghams occur together with runes , etc .
the author makes an interesting [try] to account for several features of the runestones : the reason for their being left in maine , the presence of danish and other words in the inscriptions , the implications of runic inscriptions in which oghams occur together with runes , etc .

In a subject where there are no fixed criteria of definition , it is unfair to criticize an attempt at classification : after all , we have been putting up with ambiguous definitions for the eight parts of speech for as long as anyone can remember , yet we find their occasional application convenient .
in a subject where there are no fixed criteria of definition , it is unfair to criticize an [try] at classification : after all , we have been putting up with ambiguous definitions for the eight parts of speech for as long as anyone can remember , yet we find their occasional application convenient .

Owing to the broad transcription , no attempt is made to duplicate the Arabic voice pharyngeal fricative qaf ( as in Qatar ) .
owing to the broad transcription , no [try] is made to duplicate the arabic voice pharyngeal fricative qaf ( as in qatar ) .

There was a flood of Billies , Bobbies , and Bunnies , a short-lived attempt at a female Michael and , of course , Hilary .
there was a flood of billies , bobbies , and bunnies , a short-lived [try] at a female michael and , of course , hilary .

Any attempt at imposing English on children , however , is met with very strong resistance .
any [try] at imposing english on children , however , is met with very strong resistance .

He writes , “ the awkward fact ... is that a great many people will consult it in vain for information about their own names. ” He is right that the dictionary concentrates on the more frequent names ( though it is not limited to these ) , yet that is inevitable in a first attempt at a pan-European dictionary .
he writes , “ the awkward fact ... is that a great many people will consult it in vain for information about their own names. ” he is right that the dictionary concentrates on the more frequent names ( though it is not limited to these ) , yet that is inevitable in a first [try] at a pan-european dictionary .

I can not conclude this review without commenting on an element of dictionary marketing that I think may be infra dig these days , namely , the attempt at hoopla .
i can not conclude this review without commenting on an element of dictionary marketing that i think may be infra dig these days , namely , the [try] at hoopla .

By overloading the proverb with little and old in What little Johnnie has n't learnt , old John will not learn , the translator ( here a traditore , indeed ) has killed the clever implication inherent in the play on names , perhaps in a fumbled attempt to bear out his claim that Russian proverbs are relatively brief .
by overloading the proverb with little and old in what little johnnie has n't learnt , old john will not learn , the translator ( here a traditore , indeed ) has killed the clever implication inherent in the play on names , perhaps in a fumbled [try] to bear out his claim that russian proverbs are relatively brief .

A fxxxwitted attempt at scholarship without doing thorough research .
a fxxxwitted [try] at scholarship without doing thorough research .

The following article makes no attempt to be a 20-minute Chem 101 crash course for the perplexed , but , it is hoped , should at least provide you with counter-ammunition the next time someone corners you at a party and starts dropping terms such as stoichiometry as the temperature of your beer rises slowly but inexorably from cellar to attic .
the following article makes no [try] to be a 20-minute chem 101 crash course for the perplexed , but , it is hoped , should at least provide you with counter-ammunition the next time someone corners you at a party and starts dropping terms such as stoichiometry as the temperature of your beer rises slowly but inexorably from cellar to attic .

You can cook up a storm , but if you attempt to cook down one , leave me out of your dinner invitations .
you can cook up a storm , but if you [try] to cook down one , leave me out of your dinner invitations .

Most readers of VERBATIM would , I am sure , have been as intrigued as I was to discover that a yeoman is “ an English landowner often having municipal functions ” ; that in tennis a ball is net “ when it touches the top of the summit [ sic ] of the net separating the two sides ” ; that a starting block has “ compartments in which race-horses are put before the off so they can all leave simultaneously ” ; and that brick is the English for “ a sailing-ship with two masts ” -- taking part , maybe , in a lofing match : “ in a sailing-boat regatta , the action of one of the participants consisting in an attempt to bring one of his rivals head to the wind . ”
most readers of verbatim would , i am sure , have been as intrigued as i was to discover that a yeoman is “ an english landowner often having municipal functions ” ; that in tennis a ball is net “ when it touches the top of the summit [ sic ] of the net separating the two sides ” ; that a starting block has “ compartments in which race-horses are put before the off so they can all leave simultaneously ” ; and that brick is the english for “ a sailing-ship with two masts ” -- taking part , maybe , in a lofing match : “ in a sailing-boat regatta , the action of one of the participants consisting in an [try] to bring one of his rivals head to the wind . ”

It is difficult to explain to a non-Brit just how funny this misdefinition is -- almost as funny as Webster 's attempt at defining wicket-keeper : the player in cricket who stands with a bat to protect the wicket from the ball .
it is difficult to explain to a non-brit just how funny this misdefinition is -- almost as funny as webster 's [try] at defining wicket-keeper : the player in cricket who stands with a bat to protect the wicket from the ball .

The ruminative uh , which most people can faithfully reproduce , used to be spelled as unh , in an attempt to get in that glottal effect , but all it did was mislead youngsters into pronouncing an n where none was intended .
the ruminative uh , which most people can faithfully reproduce , used to be spelled as unh , in an [try] to get in that glottal effect , but all it did was mislead youngsters into pronouncing an n where none was intended .

They have tried to keep their language as close to current usage as possible while avoiding words and phrases likely soon to become obsolete ” ; a most ambitious and delicate program to attempt for the entire Bible .
they have tried to keep their language as close to current usage as possible while avoiding words and phrases likely soon to become obsolete ” ; a most ambitious and delicate program to [try] for the entire bible .

Although epigrams are usually sorted into content categories , I am going to attempt a semantic and structural taxonomy .
although epigrams are usually sorted into content categories , i am going to [try] a semantic and structural taxonomy .

Instead , I shall attempt here only a selection of a selection , suggesting some themes and functions along the way .
instead , i shall [try] here only a selection of a selection , suggesting some themes and functions along the way .

Gone is the time when one might make a reasonably accurate guess at a person 's race or nationality by his name ; today , when blacks who do not adopt Arabic names or names like Franklin D. Roosevelt Jones might be named Kelly or Murphy , Jews born as Greenberg change their name to Monteverdi or Vermont , Hirsch to Cerf , and so forth , and people with Slavic and Italian names either change its spelling in an attempt to get people to pronounce it as closely as possible to the original ( e.g. , Kovalsky instead of Kowalski ) or keep the spelling and change the pronunciation because they get tired of telling people that Modigliani is properly pronounced [ \ ? \môdē\ ? \lyänē ] ( or , Anglice , [ \ ? \môdē\ ? \lyänē ] ) and not “ muh\ ? \diglee\ ? \ahnee , ” that Castagno is easily pronounced [ kästänyô ] , or that the Polish name Zajac is pronounced [ \ ? \zäyäntz ] rather than “ Say , Jack ” : after all , there might still be some old-timers who remember the film actress Signe Hasso as well as words like sign , assign , consign , condign , malign , deign , feign , reign , etc. , hence know that in a medial - gn - , the - g - is not always articulated .
gone is the time when one might make a reasonably accurate guess at a person 's race or nationality by his name ; today , when blacks who do not adopt arabic names or names like franklin d. roosevelt jones might be named kelly or murphy , jews born as greenberg change their name to monteverdi or vermont , hirsch to cerf , and so forth , and people with slavic and italian names either change its spelling in an [try] to get people to pronounce it as closely as possible to the original ( e.g. , kovalsky instead of kowalski ) or keep the spelling and change the pronunciation because they get tired of telling people that modigliani is properly pronounced [ \ ? \môdē\ ? \lyänē ] ( or , anglice , [ \ ? \môdē\ ? \lyänē ] ) and not “ muh\ ? \diglee\ ? \ahnee , ” that castagno is easily pronounced [ kästänyô ] , or that the polish name zajac is pronounced [ \ ? \zäyäntz ] rather than “ say , jack ” : after all , there might still be some old-timers who remember the film actress signe hasso as well as words like sign , assign , consign , condign , malign , deign , feign , reign , etc. , hence know that in a medial - gn - , the - g - is not always articulated .

Is it only in America that special interest groups have learned to lobby for preferential treatment and attempt to legislate the language ?
is it only in america that special interest groups have learned to lobby for preferential treatment and [try] to legislate the language ?

The apple industry provides another example : apple chewer is explicable as a sign of plenty , but apple carver is the fruit of a somewhat desperate attempt to provide entertainment ; and Apple Island or Isle is part now of a deliberately created nostalgia for a past in which there was once a thriving export industry .
the apple industry provides another example : apple chewer is explicable as a sign of plenty , but apple carver is the fruit of a somewhat desperate [try] to provide entertainment ; and apple island or isle is part now of a deliberately created nostalgia for a past in which there was once a thriving export industry .

I understand that an attempt had been made to persuade Merriam to allow the use of the entry lists for the Third Edition , but they refused .
i understand that an [try] had been made to persuade merriam to allow the use of the entry lists for the third edition , but they refused .

As I know little about it , I shall not attempt to expatiate on it here .
as i know little about it , i shall not [try] to expatiate on it here .

In the last hundred pages of Endangered an attempt is made at a reverse dictionary , yielding a more or less elaborate index to the dictionary section .
in the last hundred pages of endangered an [try] is made at a reverse dictionary , yielding a more or less elaborate index to the dictionary section .

Although the interview suffers from a number of faults—for instance , it is not penetrating or thorough enough , probably because Aman is a better scholar , writer , and editor than interviewer , and it contains gratuitous information about the interviewer who can not resist blowing his own horn—it is at least an attempt at documenting that has not , to my knowledge , been done before in the field of linguistics .
although the interview suffers from a number of faults—for instance , it is not penetrating or thorough enough , probably because aman is a better scholar , writer , and editor than interviewer , and it contains gratuitous information about the interviewer who can not resist blowing his own horn—it is at least an [try] at documenting that has not , to my knowledge , been done before in the field of linguistics .

Thus I met any number of expressions which I could work out , given their contexts , and which have in common both a valiant attempt to use English and an unfamiliarity with idiom .
thus i met any number of expressions which i could work out , given their contexts , and which have in common both a valiant [try] to use english and an unfamiliarity with idiom .

In his day French was the international language , spoken by anyone who aspired to a place in high society in any country , but during his brief visit to London in 1763-64 he made an attempt to pick up a smattering of English .
in his day french was the international language , spoken by anyone who aspired to a place in high society in any country , but during his brief visit to london in 1763-64 he made an [try] to pick up a smattering of english .

If one goes back to the order in which ASCII characters are arranged ( which was a matter of system and convenience , with little or no attempt at alphabetization , except that the lower case and capital letters are in alphabetical order and the numbers are in sequence ) , one can see where later alphabetization programs derive their order .
if one goes back to the order in which ascii characters are arranged ( which was a matter of system and convenience , with little or no [try] at alphabetization , except that the lower case and capital letters are in alphabetical order and the numbers are in sequence ) , one can see where later alphabetization programs derive their order .

Dictionary of Phrase and Fable [ which ] singled out words and phrases with tales to tell and did not attempt an unachievable comprehensiveness .
dictionary of phrase and fable [ which ] singled out words and phrases with tales to tell and did not [try] an unachievable comprehensiveness .

Somehow , it would not have been the same had Poe written simply that “ The bells rang a lot. ” “ bells , bells , et cetera. ” At the other extreme , some poets attempt to carefully choose words in such a way that the poem expresses a great deal in very little space .
somehow , it would not have been the same had poe written simply that “ the bells rang a lot. ” “ bells , bells , et cetera. ” at the other extreme , some poets [try] to carefully choose words in such a way that the poem expresses a great deal in very little space .

Modern scholars attempt to explain the name more scientifically as being based on a word meaning ` river , ' or on an Etruscan name .
modern scholars [try] to explain the name more scientifically as being based on a word meaning ` river , ' or on an etruscan name .

To the very contrary : it brings forth a deep sense of sadness because what was supposed to be a serious attempt at facilitating the Census count , a sort of “ first aid ” assistance in answering the Census Form , looks like the work of a child who took several pages from a Yiddish book , cut them up with his plastic scissors into tiny pieces of various shapes and sizes and then playfully pasted them together .
to the very contrary : it brings forth a deep sense of sadness because what was supposed to be a serious [try] at facilitating the census count , a sort of “ first aid ” assistance in answering the census form , looks like the work of a child who took several pages from a yiddish book , cut them up with his plastic scissors into tiny pieces of various shapes and sizes and then playfully pasted them together .

