their total passing yardage in three games , 447 on 30 completions in 56 attempts , is only 22 yards short of their total passing yardage in 1959 , when they made 469 on 37 completions in 86 tries .
their total passing yardage in three games , 447 on 30 completions in 56 [tries] , is only 22 yards short of their total passing yardage in 1959 , when they made 469 on 37 completions in 86 tries .

Mantle , it's apparent , resented Casey Stengel's attempts to push and prod him into the perfection the veteran manager saw as a thrilling possibility .
mantle , it's apparent , resented casey stengel's [tries] to push and prod him into the perfection the veteran manager saw as a thrilling possibility .

Central was rebuffed by the other two railroads in previous attempts to make it a three-way merger .
central was rebuffed by the other two railroads in previous [tries] to make it a three-way merger .

The present attempts of the politicians to contaminate ordinary Britons shows that this British common sense is unwilling to pull somebody else's chestnuts out of the fire by new military adventures '' .
the present [tries] of the politicians to contaminate ordinary britons shows that this british common sense is unwilling to pull somebody else's chestnuts out of the fire by new military adventures '' .

In looking as far back as Moses , thence to Cromwell , Napoleon , Lincoln , Churchill , and Nehru , Montgomery attempts to trace the stirrings and qualities of great men .
in looking as far back as moses , thence to cromwell , napoleon , lincoln , churchill , and nehru , montgomery [tries] to trace the stirrings and qualities of great men .

Time and again in counseling and teaching , one encounters members of this group whose attempts to bring into some kind of unity the insubstantial mythologies of their `` fundamentalist '' heritage and the stubborn reality of the modern world are only too painfully obvious .
time and again in counseling and teaching , one encounters members of this group whose [tries] to bring into some kind of unity the insubstantial mythologies of their `` fundamentalist '' heritage and the stubborn reality of the modern world are only too painfully obvious .

He bravely attempts to face this alternative realistically , i.e. , by considering the worst possible outcome , namely , the total domination of the world by Russia within a few years .
he bravely [tries] to face this alternative realistically , i.e. , by considering the worst possible outcome , namely , the total domination of the world by russia within a few years .

And in its engineers' frantic attempts to achieve maximum dynamic impact and earsplitting brilliance , the recording sounds as though it had been `` doctored for super-high fidelity '' .
and in its engineers' frantic [tries] to achieve maximum dynamic impact and earsplitting brilliance , the recording sounds as though it had been `` doctored for super-high fidelity '' .

The remedies have been many and varied -- attempts to teach management techniques -- either in plant , at special schools , or in university `` crash '' courses -- provision of management-trained assistants or associates .
the remedies have been many and varied -- [tries] to teach management techniques -- either in plant , at special schools , or in university `` crash '' courses -- provision of management-trained assistants or associates .

Attempts at censorship always involve and reveal such complex and multiple individual reactions .
[tries] at censorship always involve and reveal such complex and multiple individual reactions .

Palfrey tried fruitlessly to place a Negro boy in the Hopedale Community , but he had better luck in his other attempts .
palfrey tried fruitlessly to place a negro boy in the hopedale community , but he had better luck in his other [tries] .

And despite Knowlton's attempts to show that the house was locked up tighter than a drum , this was not true .
and despite knowlton's [tries] to show that the house was locked up tighter than a drum , this was not true .

It is at least as important as the more dramatic attempts to break down barriers of inequality in the South .
it is at least as important as the more dramatic [tries] to break down barriers of inequality in the south .

Not that there had not been attempts , mostly European , to do exactly that .
not that there had not been [tries] , mostly european , to do exactly that .

It was a response to the conflict between political pressure and the moral intuition which resulted in attempts at prediction .
it was a response to the conflict between political pressure and the moral intuition which resulted in [tries] at prediction .

Preoccupied with his own defense and his attempts to get Robinson to fight , Pike lessened his attacks on Woodruff , and finally stopped them altogether .
preoccupied with his own defense and his [tries] to get robinson to fight , pike lessened his attacks on woodruff , and finally stopped them altogether .

This is certainly an irrational dogmatism , in which the modern mind attempts to understand the spirit of the sixteenth century on twentieth-century terms .
this is certainly an irrational dogmatism , in which the modern mind [tries] to understand the spirit of the sixteenth century on twentieth-century terms .

The latter provisions proscribe any contract , combination , or conspiracy in restraint of interstate or foreign trade , and monopolization of , or attempts , combinations , or conspiracies to monopolize , such trade .
the latter provisions proscribe any contract , combination , or conspiracy in restraint of interstate or foreign trade , and monopolization of , or [tries] , combinations , or conspiracies to monopolize , such trade .

No attempts to measure the radio emission of the remaining planets have been reported , and , because of their distances , small diameters , or low temperatures , the thermal radiation at radio wave lengths reaching the earth from these sources is expected to be of very low intensity .
no [tries] to measure the radio emission of the remaining planets have been reported , and , because of their distances , small diameters , or low temperatures , the thermal radiation at radio wave lengths reaching the earth from these sources is expected to be of very low intensity .

Although there is no question but that the process of washing fabrics involves a number of phenomena which are related together in an extremely complicated way and that these phenomena and their interrelations are not well understood at the present , this section attempts to present briefly an up-to-date picture of the physical chemistry of washing either fabrics or hard surfaces .
although there is no question but that the process of washing fabrics involves a number of phenomena which are related together in an extremely complicated way and that these phenomena and their interrelations are not well understood at the present , this section [tries] to present briefly an up-to-date picture of the physical chemistry of washing either fabrics or hard surfaces .

Despite extensive attempts to obtain highly pure reagents , serious difficulty was experienced in obtaining reproducible rates of reaction .
despite extensive [tries] to obtain highly pure reagents , serious difficulty was experienced in obtaining reproducible rates of reaction .

The next level attempts to weigh varied evidence and come to a balanced , sensible conclusion ; ;
the next level [tries] to weigh varied evidence and come to a balanced , sensible conclusion ; ;

The first attempts to isolate TSH came a decade later , when Janssen and Loeser ( 1931 ) used trichloroacetic acid to separate the soluble TSH from insoluble impurities .
the first [tries] to isolate tsh came a decade later , when janssen and loeser ( 1931 ) used trichloroacetic acid to separate the soluble tsh from insoluble impurities .

Repeated attempts to withdraw steroids entirely were unsuccessful because increased muscle weakness resulted , as well as fever , malaise , anorexia , anxiety , and an exacerbation of the anemia .
repeated [tries] to withdraw steroids entirely were unsuccessful because increased muscle weakness resulted , as well as fever , malaise , anorexia , anxiety , and an exacerbation of the anemia .

Specific staining by DEAE-cellulose treated Af and Af , although clearly distinguishable under the microscope from either nonspecific staining or autofluorescence of cells , was not satisfactorily photographed to show such differences in spite of many attempts with black and white and color photography .
specific staining by deae-cellulose treated af and af , although clearly distinguishable under the microscope from either nonspecific staining or autofluorescence of cells , was not satisfactorily photographed to show such differences in spite of many [tries] with black and white and color photography .

Further research in the meaning of crises as experienced by the consumers of traditional social casework services -- including attempts to develop a typology of family structures , crisis problems , reaction mechanisms , and differential treatment approaches -- and the establishment of new experimental programs are imperative social needs which should command the best efforts of caseworkers in collaboration with community planners .
further research in the meaning of crises as experienced by the consumers of traditional social casework services -- including [tries] to develop a typology of family structures , crisis problems , reaction mechanisms , and differential treatment approaches -- and the establishment of new experimental programs are imperative social needs which should command the best efforts of caseworkers in collaboration with community planners .

The child with high anxiety may first direct his anxiety-released energy toward achievement , but because his distress severely reduces the abilities of discrimination and memorization of complex symbols , the child may fail in his initial attempts to master the problem .
the child with high anxiety may first direct his anxiety-released energy toward achievement , but because his distress severely reduces the abilities of discrimination and memorization of complex symbols , the child may fail in his initial [tries] to master the problem .

I would propose , first , an abandonment of attempts at a universal lexical list , as intrinsically unachievable , and operationally inadequate in proportion as it is achieved .
i would propose , first , an abandonment of [tries] at a universal lexical list , as intrinsically unachievable , and operationally inadequate in proportion as it is achieved .

For a number of years , there have been sporadic attempts in California to organize farm workers .
for a number of years , there have been sporadic [tries] in california to organize farm workers .

These attempts met with little sucess for a variety of reasons .
these [tries] met with little sucess for a variety of reasons .

Attempts to influence social structure through education
[tries] to influence social structure through education

However , when philosophy attempts to stand above the sciences , to dictate the conditions of empirical research , it becomes formal metaphysics ; ;
however , when philosophy [tries] to stand above the sciences , to dictate the conditions of empirical research , it becomes formal metaphysics ; ;

A philosophy which attempts to supply ultimate answers in an ultimate way reveals its acquiescence in the shortcomings of men , an impatience with partial , tentative solutions .
a philosophy which [tries] to supply ultimate answers in an ultimate way reveals its acquiescence in the shortcomings of men , an impatience with partial , tentative solutions .

Most attempts to develop any sympathy for Brown and his actions found an unresponsive audience in Rhode Island .
most [tries] to develop any sympathy for brown and his actions found an unresponsive audience in rhode island .

Our presence here should also be considered further , sincere evidence of the attempts by our people and their chosen government to seek any and all possible ways to effect closer , peaceful ties among all people .
our presence here should also be considered further , sincere evidence of the [tries] by our people and their chosen government to seek any and all possible ways to effect closer , peaceful ties among all people .

The original D minor seems to symbolize blindness , inescapable in spite of all attempts to move away from it .
the original d minor seems to symbolize blindness , inescapable in spite of all [tries] to move away from it .

Her teeth chattered so that she made three attempts at speech before she became intelligible .
her teeth chattered so that she made three [tries] at speech before she became intelligible .

The breeze and chancellor Neitzbohr , a movie melodrama that concerns the attempts of a West German politician to woo a plaster cast of the Apollo Belvedere .
the breeze and chancellor neitzbohr , a movie melodrama that concerns the [tries] of a west german politician to woo a plaster cast of the apollo belvedere .

Each cell is designed to prevent suicide attempts , there 's no glass or potentially dangerous objects .
each cell is designed to prevent suicide [tries] , there 's no glass or potentially dangerous objects .

Each cell is designed to prevent suicide attempts , there 's no glass or potentially dangerous objects .
each cell is designed to prevent suicide [tries] , there 's no glass or potentially dangerous objects .

Welcome back : Attempts to encourage otters to return to the River Thames are being aided by a man-made home which has been designed specially for them .
welcome back : [tries] to encourage otters to return to the river thames are being aided by a man-made home which has been designed specially for them .

Attempts to encourage otters to come back to the River Thames are being aided by the building of a man-made home for them . Conservationists have put together an otter 's holt , and one of the creatures has given the residence her own ’ paw-print ’ of approval
[tries] to encourage otters to come back to the river thames are being aided by the building of a man-made home for them . conservationists have put together an otter 's holt , and one of the creatures has given the residence her own ’ paw-print ’ of approval

The three youths were arrested by officers involved in Operation Overdrive , the police 's attempts to crackdown on joyriding in Oxford .
the three youths were arrested by officers involved in operation overdrive , the police 's [tries] to crackdown on joyriding in oxford .

He was keeping a clean sheet against two terrific attempts by Martin Ling and co .
he was keeping a clean sheet against two terrific [tries] by martin ling and co .

But overall , the report says more information 's needed and it calls for a careful record to be kept of all future suicides and attempts .
but overall , the report says more information 's needed and it calls for a careful record to be kept of all future suicides and [tries] .

He 's made 2 escape attempts and had a reputation for persistent violence .
he 's made 2 escape [tries] and had a reputation for persistent violence .

Attempts have been made to blind two horses by cutting them with Stanley knives as they were grazing .
[tries] have been made to blind two horses by cutting them with stanley knives as they were grazing .

Attempts throughout the day to coax an escaped owl down from the roof of a house have so far failed .
[tries] throughout the day to coax an escaped owl down from the roof of a house have so far failed .

Police forces around the country have sought advice from forensic scientists in their attempts to find those responsible for such attacks .
police forces around the country have sought advice from forensic scientists in their [tries] to find those responsible for such attacks .

More than two hundred thousand people are expected at the track this weekend as Nigel Mansell attempts to become Britain 's most successful Formula One driver of all time .
more than two hundred thousand people are expected at the track this weekend as nigel mansell [tries] to become britain 's most successful formula one driver of all time .

No one had put them together , and several attempts had been made to seperate them .
no one had put them together , and several [tries] had been made to seperate them .

He 's left the priesthood now , but has a national profile which has lifted Labour 's campaign locally and made him instantly recognisable to many as he attempts to persuade them that he 's the new broom they need .
he 's left the priesthood now , but has a national profile which has lifted labour 's campaign locally and made him instantly recognisable to many as he [tries] to persuade them that he 's the new broom they need .

Attempts to have the libel damages overturned have failed , but he 's still holding out some hope of keeping the family home .
[tries] to have the libel damages overturned have failed , but he 's still holding out some hope of keeping the family home .

Since then Lord Aldington has reached separate agreement with the other defendant and Count Tolstoy 's attempts to have his damages overturned have failed .
since then lord aldington has reached separate agreement with the other defendant and count tolstoy 's [tries] to have his damages overturned have failed .

Attempts are continuing to set up a rescue package for a travel firm which collapsed , putting the holidays of hundreds of customers in doubt .
[tries] are continuing to set up a rescue package for a travel firm which collapsed , putting the holidays of hundreds of customers in doubt .

Morland 's attempts to stay independent are made tougher by the fact that the Suffolk-based predator … Greene King … has already bought forty-three per cent of the company . Even so city analysts believe their spirited defence has probably worked … for now at least
morland 's [tries] to stay independent are made tougher by the fact that the suffolk-based predator … greene king … has already bought forty-three per cent of the company . even so city analysts believe their spirited defence has probably worked … for now at least

Dressed in black , undergraduates say they 've been gagged and had their hands tied in their attempts to persuade the governing body to maintain Somerville as a single sex college .
dressed in black , undergraduates say they 've been gagged and had their hands tied in their [tries] to persuade the governing body to maintain somerville as a single sex college .

Dressed in black , undergraduates say they 've been gagged and had their hands tied in their attempts to persuade the governing body to maintain Somerville as a single sex college .
dressed in black , undergraduates say they 've been gagged and had their hands tied in their [tries] to persuade the governing body to maintain somerville as a single sex college .

Get three attempts do n't you ?
get three [tries] do n't you ?

Tom ( left ) will be six and Kate ( right ) four by the time next year when Alison , as part of the British Mount Everest Medical Expedition , attempts to become the first British woman to ascend Everest .
tom ( left ) will be six and kate ( right ) four by the time next year when alison , as part of the british mount everest medical expedition , [tries] to become the first british woman to ascend everest .

Attempts will be made to raise the issue in the Commons today .
[tries] will be made to raise the issue in the commons today .

Attempts by the party leadership to stall the demands for greater autonomy until its review of organisation and structure is completed next year will be keenly fought on the floor of the conference hall .
[tries] by the party leadership to stall the demands for greater autonomy until its review of organisation and structure is completed next year will be keenly fought on the floor of the conference hall .

Attempts to find a medical explanation had failed and police had been called in , he told Nottingham Crown Court , where a former nurse , Beverley Allitt , faced 26 charges , including four of murder .
[tries] to find a medical explanation had failed and police had been called in , he told nottingham crown court , where a former nurse , beverley allitt , faced 26 charges , including four of murder .

Attempts by salvage crews to refloat the vessel have failed .
[tries] by salvage crews to refloat the vessel have failed .

Captain Bob Sclater , the Orkney island 's harbours director , said attempts to refloat the ship would stop until she had been examined by a team of salvage specialists .
captain bob sclater , the orkney island 's harbours director , said [tries] to refloat the ship would stop until she had been examined by a team of salvage specialists .

It was a pre-emptive strike against attempts to rewrite and water down his proposals in the months ahead .
it was a pre-emptive strike against [tries] to rewrite and water down his proposals in the months ahead .

An ambulance had rushed him to hospital , but attempts to save him had failed .
an ambulance had rushed him to hospital , but [tries] to save him had failed .

Two previous attempts to shut down the school and transfer the pupils to Coldingham were successfully resisted .
two previous [tries] to shut down the school and transfer the pupils to coldingham were successfully resisted .

Mr Bensley felt it was too early to link the incidents — but pointed out the disturbing pattern of attempts by youths in stolen cars to lure police patrol cars into ambushes .
mr bensley felt it was too early to link the incidents — but pointed out the disturbing pattern of [tries] by youths in stolen cars to lure police patrol cars into ambushes .

‘ There are bound to be more attempts to rob bookies ’ premises if they are locking up at 10pm . ’
‘ there are bound to be more [tries] to rob bookies ’ premises if they are locking up at 10pm . ’

He added : ‘ It is the duty of the courts to support any attempts being made to prevent crimes of this nature . ’
he added : ‘ it is the duty of the courts to support any [tries] being made to prevent crimes of this nature . ’

The court heard that McGregor had been caught up in attempts by a neighbour to end a relationship between his 20-year-old daughter and an older man .
the court heard that mcgregor had been caught up in [tries] by a neighbour to end a relationship between his 20-year-old daughter and an older man .

The Royal Society for the Protection of Birds conservation officer for Lothian and Borders , Peter Gordon , said : ‘ The wanton killing of this beautiful bird is sickening in itself and also a setback to the peregrine 's attempts to recolonise this part of Scotland .
the royal society for the protection of birds conservation officer for lothian and borders , peter gordon , said : ‘ the wanton killing of this beautiful bird is sickening in itself and also a setback to the peregrine 's [tries] to recolonise this part of scotland .

The two rivals ' remarks came as attempts to negotiate a truce in the bitter struggle between parliament and Mr Yeltsin 's executive seemed close to collapse .
the two rivals ' remarks came as [tries] to negotiate a truce in the bitter struggle between parliament and mr yeltsin 's executive seemed close to collapse .

Over the weekend all attempts to salvage the Danish cargo vessel were called off and the ship was declared a total loss .
over the weekend all [tries] to salvage the danish cargo vessel were called off and the ship was declared a total loss .

Mr Anderton said he was disappointed that he could not afford to keep Vaila , adding that various attempts had been made to interest public and environmental agencies to buy it for the enjoyment of the public .
mr anderton said he was disappointed that he could not afford to keep vaila , adding that various [tries] had been made to interest public and environmental agencies to buy it for the enjoyment of the public .

The Georgian military command in Sukhumi said the Russian plane made seven attempts to attack the city on Saturday , but was driven away by anti-aircraft fire .
the georgian military command in sukhumi said the russian plane made seven [tries] to attack the city on saturday , but was driven away by anti-aircraft fire .

If he does not become Chancellor , he will remain in the news anyway as he attempts to push through the Government 's toughest privatisation yet , British Rail .
if he does not become chancellor , he will remain in the news anyway as he [tries] to push through the government 's toughest privatisation yet , british rail .

Private bill attempts to speed up laws on knife offences
private bill [tries] to speed up laws on knife offences

‘ These people , striving for power , should understand once and for all : any attempts to draw the armed forces into the political struggle are criminal and fraught with danger .
‘ these people , striving for power , should understand once and for all : any [tries] to draw the armed forces into the political struggle are criminal and fraught with danger .

Though the term can be misleading , the reality it attempts to define is obvious enough .
though the term can be misleading , the reality it [tries] to define is obvious enough .

Not only does it hamstring itself by trying to please all nations , it also attempts to appeal to a mythical European consciousness that can not exist in the continent whose countries have spent centuries ever more jealously defining their national characteristics .
not only does it hamstring itself by trying to please all nations , it also [tries] to appeal to a mythical european consciousness that can not exist in the continent whose countries have spent centuries ever more jealously defining their national characteristics .

These habitual leaders of such attempts at stylistic intrigue as the Italian market currently stages continued to show their love of the Seventies in the darkly romantic plum velvets and feather boas that will somehow seem for ever Biba .
these habitual leaders of such [tries] at stylistic intrigue as the italian market currently stages continued to show their love of the seventies in the darkly romantic plum velvets and feather boas that will somehow seem for ever biba .

Precautions are also taken to prevent any attempts at industrial espionage while the confidential documents are on the premises .
precautions are also taken to prevent any [tries] at industrial espionage while the confidential documents are on the premises .

Much of discussion at the talks centred on Kuwait 's attempts to continue building up production as Gulf war damage to its oilfields was repaired .
much of discussion at the talks centred on kuwait 's [tries] to continue building up production as gulf war damage to its oilfields was repaired .

That brings us back to the domestic market and the attempts just 18 months ago by supermarket buyers to force lamb prices down to new depths and twist sheep farmers ' tails till their eyes popped .
that brings us back to the domestic market and the [tries] just 18 months ago by supermarket buyers to force lamb prices down to new depths and twist sheep farmers ' tails till their eyes popped .

Site landlords Trafalgar House claimed ‘ grandiose ’ pre-conditions demanded by highway authority Cleveland County Council were blighting attempts to develop the ten-acre plot behind the Eaglescliffe public house .
site landlords trafalgar house claimed ‘ grandiose ’ pre-conditions demanded by highway authority cleveland county council were blighting [tries] to develop the ten-acre plot behind the eaglescliffe public house .

Judging by the way he has padded out his script with old theatrical chestnuts , this is the stage Chaplin himself has reached : the few passages of real insight are surrounded by yards of whiskery patter , strained attempts at sophisticated wit and specious topical references .
judging by the way he has padded out his script with old theatrical chestnuts , this is the stage chaplin himself has reached : the few passages of real insight are surrounded by yards of whiskery patter , strained [tries] at sophisticated wit and specious topical references .

But attempts to find a suitable tenant failed and the building , along with the rest of the cemetery , has suffered vandalism ever since .
but [tries] to find a suitable tenant failed and the building , along with the rest of the cemetery , has suffered vandalism ever since .

The Diary 's attempts to arrange a late night drink with her ( ‘ she has to be home by 10.30 , ’ said her secretary , stealing 90 minutes on Cinderella ) were re-routed into breakfast at 8.15am .
the diary 's [tries] to arrange a late night drink with her ( ‘ she has to be home by 10.30 , ’ said her secretary , stealing 90 minutes on cinderella ) were re-routed into breakfast at 8.15am .

There were 38 burglaries , as well as several attempts , in Darlington .
there were 38 burglaries , as well as several [tries] , in darlington .

‘ Inefficient use of resources , ineffective management , restrictive practices and conflicts of interest have undermined attempts at improving the services provided at the Memorial , ’ he said .
‘ inefficient use of resources , ineffective management , restrictive practices and conflicts of interest have undermined [tries] at improving the services provided at the memorial , ’ he said .

Rosyth 's victory was being seen in industry circles yesterday as a snub for Devonport in its company 's attempts to discredit the Fife operation .
rosyth 's victory was being seen in industry circles yesterday as a snub for devonport in its company 's [tries] to discredit the fife operation .

Now the Scottish Prison Service and the Scottish Council for Single Homeless have come up with a package that attempts to address the problem .
now the scottish prison service and the scottish council for single homeless have come up with a package that [tries] to address the problem .

But her attempts to prise him away were met by violence and verbal aggression .
but her [tries] to prise him away were met by violence and verbal aggression .

Fresh attempts at compromise with the legislature were also on the agenda , however , according to the deputy prime minister , Sergei Shakhrai .
fresh [tries] at compromise with the legislature were also on the agenda , however , according to the deputy prime minister , sergei shakhrai .

At an earlier hearing the court heard that the police had made unsuccessful attempts to serve the complaint .
at an earlier hearing the court heard that the police had made unsuccessful [tries] to serve the complaint .

Over the past nine days the convoy had made repeated attempts to reach Srebrenica but was blocked by Bosnian Serb authorities in spite of reports that up to 40 people a day were dying in the town .
over the past nine days the convoy had made repeated [tries] to reach srebrenica but was blocked by bosnian serb authorities in spite of reports that up to 40 people a day were dying in the town .

Stressing that his views were personal and not society policy , Mr Adair gave as examples of tinkering with the criminal system attempts to have the not proven verdict abolished , to introduce an offensive weapons charge and to examine the number of crimes committed by people already on bail .
stressing that his views were personal and not society policy , mr adair gave as examples of tinkering with the criminal system [tries] to have the not proven verdict abolished , to introduce an offensive weapons charge and to examine the number of crimes committed by people already on bail .

He believed attempts should be made to draw together people with a wide range of experience including local government officials covering finance and other areas , academics , the Scottish Office and possibly other interests .
he believed [tries] should be made to draw together people with a wide range of experience including local government officials covering finance and other areas , academics , the scottish office and possibly other interests .

After several attempts to play the sound of the females the rescue effort was abandoned .
after several [tries] to play the sound of the females the rescue effort was abandoned .

Mr Cole claimed that there were attempts by Mr Rowland at the end of last week to have the Observer story more widely publicised , but these failed .
mr cole claimed that there were [tries] by mr rowland at the end of last week to have the observer story more widely publicised , but these failed .

Attempts to establish bloodstream stage transformants in culture , in order to determine phleomycin resistance levels , were not successful as the transformed cells would not multiply in vitro , even in the absence of selective pressure .
[tries] to establish bloodstream stage transformants in culture , in order to determine phleomycin resistance levels , were not successful as the transformed cells would not multiply in vitro , even in the absence of selective pressure .

After losing power and suffering a humiliating defeat in the 1988 elections , he had little more than a spoiling role , thwarting attempts to dislodge him from the presidency of the Pakistan Moslem League , Pakistan 's oldest political party .
after losing power and suffering a humiliating defeat in the 1988 elections , he had little more than a spoiling role , thwarting [tries] to dislodge him from the presidency of the pakistan moslem league , pakistan 's oldest political party .

Cummins has offered him a senior position with the company and the chance to spearhead its attempts to break into the East European engine market .
cummins has offered him a senior position with the company and the chance to spearhead its [tries] to break into the east european engine market .

Who can tame the might of the Tay ? After this winter 's devastation , James Rougvie examines attempts to prevent flooding
who can tame the might of the tay ? after this winter 's devastation , james rougvie examines [tries] to prevent flooding

Kate and Tom Ballard will be four and six respectively by the time their mother , Alison Hargreaves , attempts to become the first British woman to ascend Everest ; by next August they should be used to life in the British Mount Everest Medical Expedition base camp .
kate and tom ballard will be four and six respectively by the time their mother , alison hargreaves , [tries] to become the first british woman to ascend everest ; by next august they should be used to life in the british mount everest medical expedition base camp .

Serious cinema 's attempts to portray sexual passion have generally succeeded best according to the extent they have ignored this temptation : think of Brando , obese , with straggling grey hair and face plastered with pan-stick , howling obscenities as he floors Maria Schneider ; or Dennis Hopper , jumping on Isabella Rossellini like a mad dog with velvet , scissors , and mask .
serious cinema 's [tries] to portray sexual passion have generally succeeded best according to the extent they have ignored this temptation : think of brando , obese , with straggling grey hair and face plastered with pan-stick , howling obscenities as he floors maria schneider ; or dennis hopper , jumping on isabella rossellini like a mad dog with velvet , scissors , and mask .

To their credit the Stirling pack roused themselves to greater efforts , but after four pushover attempts by them had been repulsed , Heriot 's countered and it was Stoddart who ran through some weak tackling and put Henry Murray in for try which Lawrie converted .
to their credit the stirling pack roused themselves to greater efforts , but after four pushover [tries] by them had been repulsed , heriot 's countered and it was stoddart who ran through some weak tackling and put henry murray in for try which lawrie converted .

It was the Edinburgh man 's only success from four attempts , and with Nick White failing with four attempts earlier in the game , the Scots squandered opportunities that should have won them the game comfortably .
it was the edinburgh man 's only success from four [tries] , and with nick white failing with four [tries] earlier in the game , the scots squandered opportunities that should have won them the game comfortably .

Yet even ‘ Disgruntled , Kilgraston Road , Edinburgh , ’ who had expressed his disquiet most volubly to the The Scotsman sports desk had to gorge on his opprobrious remarks as Hastings became the leading scorer in matches between the two countries with some imperious striking as he landed five goals from eight attempts .
yet even ‘ disgruntled , kilgraston road , edinburgh , ’ who had expressed his disquiet most volubly to the the scotsman sports desk had to gorge on his opprobrious remarks as hastings became the leading scorer in matches between the two countries with some imperious striking as he landed five goals from eight [tries] .

The explanation given by Grant was that attempts to contact Brady ahead of making public the board 's move had failed , though he accepted that it was only right the manager be the first to know .
the explanation given by grant was that [tries] to contact brady ahead of making public the board 's move had failed , though he accepted that it was only right the manager be the first to know .

If strenuous attempts were also made to involve Scottish business in a real debate , then the mixture of the council and the coalition could be said to reflect a pretty broad national consensus .
if strenuous [tries] were also made to involve scottish business in a real debate , then the mixture of the council and the coalition could be said to reflect a pretty broad national consensus .

Rosentiel 's fourth wife Susan spent ten years trying to divorce him , a decade of singular bitterness , involving his perjury and attempts to jail her .
rosentiel 's fourth wife susan spent ten years trying to divorce him , a decade of singular bitterness , involving his perjury and [tries] to jail her .

Government attempts to avoid social tension will bring society to hyperinflation and slow economic reforms , ’ three German economic institutes concluded in a recent survey .
government [tries] to avoid social tension will bring society to hyperinflation and slow economic reforms , ’ three german economic institutes concluded in a recent survey .

Its reporter 's attempts to implement even the most modest of safeguards for the people affected by the proposals , were simply dismissed by the Scottish Secretary , this time wearing the ‘ non-interventionist ’ hat of adjudicator on the inquiry 's finding and recommendations .
its reporter 's [tries] to implement even the most modest of safeguards for the people affected by the proposals , were simply dismissed by the scottish secretary , this time wearing the ‘ non-interventionist ’ hat of adjudicator on the inquiry 's finding and recommendations .

This piece was inspired by Turner 's paintings of Venice and Osborne attempts to reproduce in music some of the artist 's preoccupations with spectral lights refracted in the special atmosphere of the city .
this piece was inspired by turner 's paintings of venice and osborne [tries] to reproduce in music some of the artist 's preoccupations with spectral lights refracted in the special atmosphere of the city .

There is a sub-theory that attempts to embrace ham curing in the cellar and a consensus that the frequent fisticuffs notion is the least likely .
there is a sub-theory that [tries] to embrace ham curing in the cellar and a consensus that the frequent fisticuffs notion is the least likely .

Keegan knew his side would face Barnsley 's stifling three-man central-defensive formation , yet the attempts to counter it bordered on the banal .
keegan knew his side would face barnsley 's stifling three-man central-defensive formation , yet the [tries] to counter it bordered on the banal .

‘ They defused the first two and had three attempts at the third , but on the third attempt it blew up killing a major and his assistant lost his right arm when a hatch-door blew off . ’
‘ they defused the first two and had three [tries] at the third , but on the third attempt it blew up killing a major and his assistant lost his right arm when a hatch-door blew off . ’

Attempts were made to put out the fire .
[tries] were made to put out the fire .

One would hope most people would welcome authors ' attempts to break down sexual and racial stereotypes , though such attempts can come unstuck if they undermine the credibility of established characters .
one would hope most people would welcome authors ' [tries] to break down sexual and racial stereotypes , though such [tries] can come unstuck if they undermine the credibility of established characters .

Wilful and wasteful of such innocent , joyful music , Mordkovitch wrenched at the tempi , disregarded the dynamics and , showing a wanton unfeelingness for the orchestra 's commendable attempts to accommodate her in a notey accompaniment , trailed Yuasa reeling in her wake .
wilful and wasteful of such innocent , joyful music , mordkovitch wrenched at the tempi , disregarded the dynamics and , showing a wanton unfeelingness for the orchestra 's commendable [tries] to accommodate her in a notey accompaniment , trailed yuasa reeling in her wake .

Much more one can not say , because although Mitchell made admirable attempts to colour and project his lines , the quartet playing was so uncommitted and flabby , so lacking in dynamic range and in lustre , that Crawford 's music had little chance to make more than superficial impact .
much more one can not say , because although mitchell made admirable [tries] to colour and project his lines , the quartet playing was so uncommitted and flabby , so lacking in dynamic range and in lustre , that crawford 's music had little chance to make more than superficial impact .

Lord Rix farce actor Brian Rix has accused them of not fighting back , saying : ‘ We rush like lemmings to the water 's edge , devising fatuous so-called policies … which are feeble attempts to cover up the fact that we have been defecated on from a great height . ’
lord rix farce actor brian rix has accused them of not fighting back , saying : ‘ we rush like lemmings to the water 's edge , devising fatuous so-called policies … which are feeble [tries] to cover up the fact that we have been defecated on from a great height . ’

Associated reasons for her death were the severe injuries to her nose and mouth , which was broken and swollen , the multiple attempts that had taken place to strangle her and the fact that she also had a large quantity of alcohol in her body about six times the legal level for drivers .
associated reasons for her death were the severe injuries to her nose and mouth , which was broken and swollen , the multiple [tries] that had taken place to strangle her and the fact that she also had a large quantity of alcohol in her body about six times the legal level for drivers .

Several of the actresses make plucky attempts to inject it with a semblance of artistic integrity : proper name Diane Whitley is convincing as Karen , the girl who is the subject of the lovelorn quest , and Paula Wilcox , as the veteran competitor , has enough experience and talent to gauge the scale of this production and perform accordingly .
several of the actresses make plucky [tries] to inject it with a semblance of artistic integrity : proper name diane whitley is convincing as karen , the girl who is the subject of the lovelorn quest , and paula wilcox , as the veteran competitor , has enough experience and talent to gauge the scale of this production and perform accordingly .

He wants to , but his attempts are thwarted by an old enemy who could harm his wife 's business .
he wants to , but his [tries] are thwarted by an old enemy who could harm his wife 's business .

Staff made frantic attempts to revive him but he is thought to have suffered a massive heart attack .
staff made frantic [tries] to revive him but he is thought to have suffered a massive heart attack .

Alcohol is thought to be responsible for 40,000 premature deaths a year , as well as 60pc of suicide attempts , 50pc of murders , 54pc of fires and 30pc of domestic accidents .
alcohol is thought to be responsible for 40,000 premature deaths a year , as well as 60pc of suicide [tries] , 50pc of murders , 54pc of fires and 30pc of domestic accidents .

He has resisted attempts to remove him from the Maine Road board in the past , but it has become clear that Lee 's intervention provided much greater pressure on him to step aside .
he has resisted [tries] to remove him from the maine road board in the past , but it has become clear that lee 's intervention provided much greater pressure on him to step aside .

Meanwhile attempts are being made to keep National Sprint winner Ballyfolion Shy in Ireland after his sale to Yorkshire 's Paul Stoner this week .
meanwhile [tries] are being made to keep national sprint winner ballyfolion shy in ireland after his sale to yorkshire 's paul stoner this week .

There were fingermarks on her neck and attempts had been made to strangle her .
there were fingermarks on her neck and [tries] had been made to strangle her .

Sinn Fein councillor Vincent Kelly claimed there have been several attempts to pressurise Mr Fox into working for British Intelligence .
sinn fein councillor vincent kelly claimed there have been several [tries] to pressurise mr fox into working for british intelligence .

‘ These attempts have often coincided with significant dates related to the loyalist murder last September of his parents , ’ he said .
‘ these [tries] have often coincided with significant dates related to the loyalist murder last september of his parents , ’ he said .

In both of the novels a heroine is involved for committing herself to do something important enough only as itself for example , Elizabeth Bennet walks three fatiguing miles to Netherfield to pay a visit to her ill sister ; Fanny Price opposes her cousins ' attempts to include her in amateur theatricals .
in both of the novels a heroine is involved for committing herself to do something important enough only as itself for example , elizabeth bennet walks three fatiguing miles to netherfield to pay a visit to her ill sister ; fanny price opposes her cousins ' [tries] to include her in amateur theatricals .

The title ‘ Futility ’ has a double meaning : at first , the futility of the attempts to rouse the soldier and in the latter half , the futility of all the complexity of the earth and the effort put into achieving this when it is just destroyed .
the title ‘ futility ’ has a double meaning : at first , the futility of the [tries] to rouse the soldier and in the latter half , the futility of all the complexity of the earth and the effort put into achieving this when it is just destroyed .

He recalled with a shudder his futile attempts to pull together the shreds of his old life as if nothing had happened , his tangled emotions , the trouble at school .
he recalled with a shudder his futile [tries] to pull together the shreds of his old life as if nothing had happened , his tangled emotions , the trouble at school .

Iain reported on the continuing attempts to link a Justice and Peace Group in the Philippines with one in Glasgow .
iain reported on the continuing [tries] to link a justice and peace group in the philippines with one in glasgow .

The Stock Exchange has undergone considerable change in the last decade , and this chapter attempts to analyse those changes with reference to the role of the Stock Exchange and overall efficiency .
the stock exchange has undergone considerable change in the last decade , and this chapter [tries] to analyse those changes with reference to the role of the stock exchange and overall efficiency .

The book explores these consequences by asking how industrial relations in state enterprises respond to economic crisis and to attempts of governments to formulate political programmes to combat that crisis .
the book explores these consequences by asking how industrial relations in state enterprises respond to economic crisis and to [tries] of governments to formulate political programmes to combat that crisis .

The final chapter summarizes the themes of the book and attempts to synthesize the arguments about the nature of state enterprise industrial relations at a time of change .
the final chapter summarizes the themes of the book and [tries] to synthesize the arguments about the nature of state enterprise industrial relations at a time of change .

Attempts by Franco 's supporters to limit change had to be defeated , and a coalition of democratic forces had to be assembled .
[tries] by franco 's supporters to limit change had to be defeated , and a coalition of democratic forces had to be assembled .

Attempts have also been made to clarify political control by means of ‘ contractual ’ arrangements between government and state enterprise .
[tries] have also been made to clarify political control by means of ‘ contractual ’ arrangements between government and state enterprise .

Dudley and Richardson ( 1984 ) , for example , describe joint campaigns involving several British nationalized industries to ease financial constraints , and to defeat attempts to introduce parliamentary auditing .
dudley and richardson ( 1984 ) , for example , describe joint campaigns involving several british nationalized industries to ease financial constraints , and to defeat [tries] to introduce parliamentary auditing .

The growth of competition put paid to repeated attempts by the railways and the political authorities to establish a financially viable railway .
the growth of competition put paid to repeated [tries] by the railways and the political authorities to establish a financially viable railway .

This Keynesian process of governments pumping up demand for commodities has disadvantages : government interest payments grow and attempts to finance them by taxation tend eventually to threaten profits .
this keynesian process of governments pumping up demand for commodities has disadvantages : government interest payments grow and [tries] to finance them by taxation tend eventually to threaten profits .

Here we look at some examples of attempts to reshape features of the economy within the parameters of the consensus .
here we look at some examples of [tries] to reshape features of the economy within the parameters of the consensus .

The boom saw the generalization and expansion of state welfare provisions , unprecedented attempts by governments to plan for economic growth and shape industrial structures , and some experiments in worker involvement in the direction of enterprises .
the boom saw the generalization and expansion of state welfare provisions , unprecedented [tries] by governments to plan for economic growth and shape industrial structures , and some experiments in worker involvement in the direction of enterprises .

Perhaps the most important aspect of attempts to manage the ‘ mixed economy ’ during the golden years was that people believed they could work .
perhaps the most important aspect of [tries] to manage the ‘ mixed economy ’ during the golden years was that people believed they could work .

Various attempts to patch up the system failed , and the final crisis phase of the boom ( chapter 13 ) saw enormous financial turbulence and the abandonment of the Bretton Woods framework .
various [tries] to patch up the system failed , and the final crisis phase of the boom ( chapter 13 ) saw enormous financial turbulence and the abandonment of the bretton woods framework .

Indeed , the story of Italian economic policy in the seventies is largely one of attempts to adapt to or reverse this shift .
indeed , the story of italian economic policy in the seventies is largely one of [tries] to adapt to or reverse this shift .

After several attempts he got him at last on a bad telephone line .
after several [tries] he got him at last on a bad telephone line .

It took Daphne several attempts to explain what ‘ riding to hounds ’ actually meant , though she had to admit that even Eliza Doolittle would have been hard pushed to understand fully why they bothered with the exercise in the first place .
it took daphne several [tries] to explain what ‘ riding to hounds ’ actually meant , though she had to admit that even eliza doolittle would have been hard pushed to understand fully why they bothered with the exercise in the first place .

Boosbeck , he says , was one of many attempts by middle-class people to help the very poor .
boosbeck , he says , was one of many [tries] by middle-class people to help the very poor .

He added that attempts to slash his wrist with a craft knife had been made .
he added that [tries] to slash his wrist with a craft knife had been made .

He said the next government , whatever its colour , must make attempts to improve the legal system so that youngsters were not allowed out on bail to commit more offences .
he said the next government , whatever its colour , must make [tries] to improve the legal system so that youngsters were not allowed out on bail to commit more offences .

Dr Dick Hobbs at the Sociology department of the University of Durham is dubious about attempts to control Ecstasy use .
dr dick hobbs at the sociology department of the university of durham is dubious about [tries] to control ecstasy use .

After two abortive attempts to bring the drugs in by lorry from Belgium , the gang made two successful runs involving transporting consignments of 99kg and 72kg .
after two abortive [tries] to bring the drugs in by lorry from belgium , the gang made two successful runs involving transporting consignments of 99kg and 72kg .

The rest of the match comprised penalty attempts by the two great kickers .
the rest of the match comprised penalty [tries] by the two great kickers .

The rest of the match comprised penalty attempts by the two great kickers .
the rest of the match comprised penalty [tries] by the two great kickers .

Attempts at resuscitation failed and pathologist Dr Campbell Ritchie told Cleveland coroner Michael Sheffield the cause of death was asphyxia as a result of hanging .
[tries] at resuscitation failed and pathologist dr campbell ritchie told cleveland coroner michael sheffield the cause of death was asphyxia as a result of hanging .

Langbaurgh has made several all-party attempts to get the Government to reconsider its spending limits .
langbaurgh has made several all-party [tries] to get the government to reconsider its spending limits .

Dave Evans , of the Middlesbrough Motorcycle Action Group , said attempts to make leg protectors compulsory would mean riders were more likely to suffer serious injury in an accident .
dave evans , of the middlesbrough motorcycle action group , said [tries] to make leg protectors compulsory would mean riders were more likely to suffer serious injury in an accident .

Band attempts to hit the high notes
band [tries] to hit the high notes

Mr Siddle , of Hesleden Avenue , Acklam , Middlesbrough , said they had been working on the operation the previous day and the pipe kept jamming when attempts were made to slot it into place .
mr siddle , of hesleden avenue , acklam , middlesbrough , said they had been working on the operation the previous day and the pipe kept jamming when [tries] were made to slot it into place .

Also , there is stated to be one suicide attempt every two minutes , therefore treatment could also be withheld from these self-inflicted death attempts .
also , there is stated to be one suicide attempt every two minutes , therefore treatment could also be withheld from these self-inflicted death [tries] .

Nine times former champion Martina Navratilova , who was granted her wish to be seeded second over Arantxa SanchezVicario , starts against Australian Michelle Jaggard-Lai , who has not won a match at Wimbledon in three previous attempts .
nine times former champion martina navratilova , who was granted her wish to be seeded second over arantxa sanchezvicario , starts against australian michelle jaggard-lai , who has not won a match at wimbledon in three previous [tries] .

It wo n't have escaped anybody 's attention that the Indian spinner Anil Kumble rose to the dizzy heights of No 3 in the world thanks to the vain attempts of Robin Smith and Co to fathom him out during the disastrous tour of the subcontinent .
it wo n't have escaped anybody 's attention that the indian spinner anil kumble rose to the dizzy heights of no 3 in the world thanks to the vain [tries] of robin smith and co to fathom him out during the disastrous tour of the subcontinent .

Grasshoppers confirmed yesterday that Dooley will play in the Courage League Division Four match , just a week before he attempts to help England secure the Grand Slam against Wales at Twickenham .
grasshoppers confirmed yesterday that dooley will play in the courage league division four match , just a week before he [tries] to help england secure the grand slam against wales at twickenham .

Attempts to bring the Horden tie forward from April 1 failed because the visitors had already arranged to play Guisborough .
[tries] to bring the horden tie forward from april 1 failed because the visitors had already arranged to play guisborough .

Smith and Cusack then had shots blocked in another goalmouth scramble , but there were to be no more real goal attempts by Darlington after that .
smith and cusack then had shots blocked in another goalmouth scramble , but there were to be no more real goal [tries] by darlington after that .

Gookey , 21 , has made rapid progress at 200 metres this year but will line up second favourite for that event and for the 100 metres , which he won last year , if Sale 's European junior champion attempts a sprint double at Blackpool .
gookey , 21 , has made rapid progress at 200 metres this year but will line up second favourite for that event and for the 100 metres , which he won last year , if sale 's european junior champion [tries] a sprint double at blackpool .

However , though much gets through , many attempts fail .
however , though much gets through , many [tries] fail .

Robbery attempts
robbery [tries]

David Kemp today joined the coaching staff at Crystal Palace as new manager Alan Smith attempts to bring some stability to the relegated club .
david kemp today joined the coaching staff at crystal palace as new manager alan smith [tries] to bring some stability to the relegated club .

By contrast , his attempts to cover-up his crime were cool and calculated .
by contrast , his [tries] to cover-up his crime were cool and calculated .

Partner Ferdinand has had his back to the wall in the last few months , a troublesome disc plaguing his attempts to establish himself last spring and resulting in him coming home early from America .
partner ferdinand has had his back to the wall in the last few months , a troublesome disc plaguing his [tries] to establish himself last spring and resulting in him coming home early from america .

Lawyer attempts rape
lawyer [tries] rape

Joey Beauchamp had two attempts at goal .
joey beauchamp had two [tries] at goal .

Despite three attempts to buy it and run it themselves , it 's been sold instead to another private bidder .
despite three [tries] to buy it and run it themselves , it 's been sold instead to another private bidder .

Attempts to revive him failed and he died later in hospital .
[tries] to revive him failed and he died later in hospital .

The event is part of the Rugby Football Union 's attempts to promote the game .
the event is part of the rugby football union 's [tries] to promote the game .

Lord Justice Higgins ( 66 ) , who was the target of a number of assassination attempts , was recently appointed Lord Justice of Appeal .
lord justice higgins ( 66 ) , who was the target of a number of assassination [tries] , was recently appointed lord justice of appeal .

Caution will be the name of the game as he attempts to collect more points and take another step towards fulfilling his ambition of winning all remaining fixtures before the December retirement .
caution will be the name of the game as he [tries] to collect more points and take another step towards fulfilling his ambition of winning all remaining fixtures before the december retirement .

What outsiders did n't know was that Bowyer 's remarks had been based on his own fruitless attempts to sign a big name Catholic — Jim McFadden of Cliftonville .
what outsiders did n't know was that bowyer 's remarks had been based on his own fruitless [tries] to sign a big name catholic — jim mcfadden of cliftonville .

United , inspired by fit-again Eric Cantona are now unbeaten in 15 matches , and Southampton never looked like preventing them chalking up their eighth win in nine attempts against them .
united , inspired by fit-again eric cantona are now unbeaten in 15 matches , and southampton never looked like preventing them chalking up their eighth win in nine [tries] against them .

That prospective Tory candidate for Cheltenham John Taylor survived attempts to deselect him has much do with her efforts as local party chairman .
that prospective tory candidate for cheltenham john taylor survived [tries] to deselect him has much do with her efforts as local party chairman .

But try as they might , friends of Mrs Barrie-Brown including Norris McWhirter from the Guiness Book of Records , were unable to dissuade the Trust from selling , and 2 legal attempts to halt the sale have failed .
but try as they might , friends of mrs barrie-brown including norris mcwhirter from the guiness book of records , were unable to dissuade the trust from selling , and 2 legal [tries] to halt the sale have failed .

Today 's test case follows attempts to evict travellers from land at Hollow Fosse near Cirencester .
today 's test case follows [tries] to evict travellers from land at hollow fosse near cirencester .

Seriously , Wide Awake 's begrudging attitude towards the Lower Ormeau 's attempts to boost its morale is as shameful as it is wrong .
seriously , wide awake 's begrudging attitude towards the lower ormeau 's [tries] to boost its morale is as shameful as it is wrong .

The powerful combination of Richard Hannon and Pat Eddery is worth supporting in the Swan Handicap , where Hopeful Bid attempts to supplement a recent victory at Yarmouth .
the powerful combination of richard hannon and pat eddery is worth supporting in the swan handicap , where hopeful bid [tries] to supplement a recent victory at yarmouth .

Historically there 'd been attempts to cut down the effects of the sea by building breakwaters and so on .
historically there 'd been [tries] to cut down the effects of the sea by building breakwaters and so on .

Do you think that there will be further attempts to break the embargo ?
do you think that there will be further [tries] to break the embargo ?

On the contrary , there was attempts to the life of our Emir during the Iraq/Iran war because we were taking relatively trying to be neutral there , and there was a bomb attack on him , and he personally survived it , a few others died , and it had to do directly with the Iran/Iraq war .
on the contrary , there was [tries] to the life of our emir during the iraq/iran war because we were taking relatively trying to be neutral there , and there was a bomb attack on him , and he personally survived it , a few others died , and it had to do directly with the iran/iraq war .

Clearly , her first attempts at national reconciliation have impressed no-one .
clearly , her first [tries] at national reconciliation have impressed no-one .

The dogs live in appalling conditions , open to the weather , walking on wires , lying on excrement , they rarely exercise and often make pathetic attempts to escape .
the dogs live in appalling conditions , open to the weather , walking on wires , lying on excrement , they rarely exercise and often make pathetic [tries] to escape .

Corey Akino has survived six previous coup attempts ; the most serious was last December when more than a hundred people died and six hundred were wounded before loyal troops finally crushed the revolt .
corey akino has survived six previous coup [tries] ; the most serious was last december when more than a hundred people died and six hundred were wounded before loyal troops finally crushed the revolt .

Attempts are now being made to get protected status for the building .
[tries] are now being made to get protected status for the building .

It has been known for developers to move in virtually overnight to demolish a building once they find out attempts are being made to list it .
it has been known for developers to move in virtually overnight to demolish a building once they find out [tries] are being made to list it .

Air refuelling has come a long way from the first attempts in the thirties where the co-pilot literally popped out and grabbed the hose .
air refuelling has come a long way from the first [tries] in the thirties where the co-pilot literally popped out and grabbed the hose .

It has been suggested that there is not really a contrast between and , since only occurs in weak syllables and no minimal pairs can be found to show a clear contrast between and in unstressed syllables ( though there have been some ingenious attempts ) .
it has been suggested that there is not really a contrast between and , since only occurs in weak syllables and no minimal pairs can be found to show a clear contrast between and in unstressed syllables ( though there have been some ingenious [tries] ) .

And , although a divorce is not being considered , there will be no further attempts at reconciliation .
and , although a divorce is not being considered , there will be no further [tries] at reconciliation .

Imagine the mayhem that could be caused to your ear-drums by amateur attempts at Nessun Dorma , made famous by Pavarotti .
imagine the mayhem that could be caused to your ear-drums by amateur [tries] at nessun dorma , made famous by pavarotti .

Bird lovers reacted badly to earlier attempts to control the birds by poisoning them and removing nests .
bird lovers reacted badly to earlier [tries] to control the birds by poisoning them and removing nests .

In a statement carried by the Libyan news agency Jana , he said Bush had contributed to ‘ world tragedy ’ by his numerous attempts to create an American world order .
in a statement carried by the libyan news agency jana , he said bush had contributed to ‘ world tragedy ’ by his numerous [tries] to create an american world order .

Richens 's lies and attempts to cover up the killing were not necessarily inconsistent with his defence of provocation , said Lord Taylor .
richens 's lies and [tries] to cover up the killing were not necessarily inconsistent with his defence of provocation , said lord taylor .

‘ It is about government , the uses and abuses of power , the nature of mercy and government attempts to control sexual morality all very relevant today . ’
‘ it is about government , the uses and abuses of power , the nature of mercy and government [tries] to control sexual morality all very relevant today . ’

Attempts to light a fire in the glacial dining-room had to be abandoned when it smoked out the house .
[tries] to light a fire in the glacial dining-room had to be abandoned when it smoked out the house .

the masterpiece of tactics and strategy of the Great German General Staff , so different to the brutal French attempts at a breakthrough … .
the masterpiece of tactics and strategy of the great german general staff , so different to the brutal french [tries] at a breakthrough … .

When the first attempts had been made to adapt the Wright Brothers ' invention as a lethal instrument , pilots went aloft with steel darts and took pot shots at one another with service revolvers .
when the first [tries] had been made to adapt the wright brothers ' invention as a lethal instrument , pilots went aloft with steel darts and took pot shots at one another with service revolvers .

Funding is the term applied when the Bank of England attempts to lengthen the maturity of outstanding government debt .
funding is the term applied when the bank of england [tries] to lengthen the maturity of outstanding government debt .

Indeed , they believe that instability in the past has been caused , rather than smoothed out , by governments ' futile attempts at demand-management policies .
indeed , they believe that instability in the past has been caused , rather than smoothed out , by governments ' futile [tries] at demand-management policies .

Any such attempts would most likely fail and possibly make matters worse because of the difficulties of predicting short-run changes and because of the variability of the time-lags with which changes in the money supply affect nominal national income .
any such [tries] would most likely fail and possibly make matters worse because of the difficulties of predicting short-run changes and because of the variability of the time-lags with which changes in the money supply affect nominal national income .

7.5 ( a ) The general Wheatstone form of a.c. bridge and ( b ) the approach to its double balance condition through successive alternate attempts at nulling the in-phase and quadrature components of potential difference across the detector .
7.5 ( a ) the general wheatstone form of a.c. bridge and ( b ) the approach to its double balance condition through successive alternate [tries] at nulling the in-phase and quadrature components of potential difference across the detector .

Attempts at reuniting them with their birth parents will have failed .
[tries] at reuniting them with their birth parents will have failed .

Labour has gained little in its attempts to attack the public spending review .
labour has gained little in its [tries] to attack the public spending review .

For many industrial goods the sales cycle is long and a salesperson who attempts to close the sale at early meetings may cause annoyance .
for many industrial goods the sales cycle is long and a salesperson who [tries] to close the sale at early meetings may cause annoyance .

At that time few attempts were made to measure the effectiveness of such activity , and advertising agencies tended to branch out into sales promotions with the aim of offering an all-inclusive package to their clients in an attempt to combat competition from the emerging sales promotion agencies .
at that time few [tries] were made to measure the effectiveness of such activity , and advertising agencies tended to branch out into sales promotions with the aim of offering an all-inclusive package to their clients in an attempt to combat competition from the emerging sales promotion agencies .

Even even if he was n't accepted on a first occasion he 's probably had another two or three attempts elsewhere .
even even if he was n't accepted on a first occasion he 's probably had another two or three [tries] elsewhere .

Quite a high percentage of bar codes could only be read in after several attempts , and a not insignificant percentage simply would not read in at all .
quite a high percentage of bar codes could only be read in after several [tries] , and a not insignificant percentage simply would not read in at all .

It is the latter 's contention that Ultimate Concern , the holy or unconditional , expresses itself in a variety of forms : in painting , which may have no religious content in the traditional sense ; in philosophy , when attempts are made to understand the nature of ultimate reality ; in ideologies which might normally be regarded as secular , such as , nationalism , socialism and humanism ; and in traditional religions .
it is the latter 's contention that ultimate concern , the holy or unconditional , expresses itself in a variety of forms : in painting , which may have no religious content in the traditional sense ; in philosophy , when [tries] are made to understand the nature of ultimate reality ; in ideologies which might normally be regarded as secular , such as , nationalism , socialism and humanism ; and in traditional religions .

Whenever attempts were made to distinguish between means and ends , he could point to the crimes committed in the name of religion on the grounds that the end justified the means .
whenever [tries] were made to distinguish between means and ends , he could point to the crimes committed in the name of religion on the grounds that the end justified the means .

He attempts to resolve the problem by affirming his belief in the ideal on the grounds that man 's life is an aspiration or a striving for , perfection , yet at the same time recognizing that in an imperfect world one has to make concessions to , or to cater for , human weakness .
he [tries] to resolve the problem by affirming his belief in the ideal on the grounds that man 's life is an aspiration or a striving for , perfection , yet at the same time recognizing that in an imperfect world one has to make concessions to , or to cater for , human weakness .

He claims that agape , as understood in the Christian context , accepts the unacceptable and attempts to change or transform both man and society thereby exemplifying the principle of participation .
he claims that agape , as understood in the christian context , accepts the unacceptable and [tries] to change or transform both man and society thereby exemplifying the principle of participation .

’ He could see that Elizabeth was pleased by his attempts to describe it all and continued , ‘ You should see t'stables , coach-houses and t'yard .
’ he could see that elizabeth was pleased by his [tries] to describe it all and continued , ‘ you should see t'stables , coach-houses and t'yard .

This would enable the men on the bank to keep her head up and give more time to spend on the attempts to raise her from the quagmire .
this would enable the men on the bank to keep her head up and give more time to spend on the [tries] to raise her from the quagmire .

After 1914 no further large-scale attempts were made in Kenya to take land away from the Masai , and their administrators settled down relatively undisturbed to pursue the arts of government .
after 1914 no further large-scale [tries] were made in kenya to take land away from the masai , and their administrators settled down relatively undisturbed to pursue the arts of government .

District Officers in Masailand regularly defended the Masai against attempts to alienate their land , and in the process acquired a reputation for tender-heartedness .
district officers in masailand regularly defended the masai against [tries] to alienate their land , and in the process acquired a reputation for tender-heartedness .

Attempts by some Labour-led councils in the 1980s to respond to the demands of the lesbian and gay movement and to reduce the impact of that oppression , led to one of those great hypocritical moral panics which are so characteristic of British public life .
[tries] by some labour-led councils in the 1980s to respond to the demands of the lesbian and gay movement and to reduce the impact of that oppression , led to one of those great hypocritical moral panics which are so characteristic of british public life .

Gay Switchboards have passed on information to every man who phoned in , self-help groups and caring services were set up , and — when there was time to breathe — attempts were made to persuade a reluctant government that the deaths of so many gay men was an issue worthy of their attention .
gay switchboards have passed on information to every man who phoned in , self-help groups and caring services were set up , and — when there was time to breathe — [tries] were made to persuade a reluctant government that the deaths of so many gay men was an issue worthy of their attention .

To make matters worse , because he always does fail in his attempts to improve the situation , the sufferer convinces himself that he has nothing to look forward to but a lifetime of misery .
to make matters worse , because he always does fail in his [tries] to improve the situation , the sufferer convinces himself that he has nothing to look forward to but a lifetime of misery .

And the longer the situation continues and the greater the number of vain attempts at dealing with it , the more stupid they feel .
and the longer the situation continues and the greater the number of vain [tries] at dealing with it , the more stupid they feel .

When this acceptance is combined with positive visualization , the cycle is often broken so that past fruitless attempts play no further part in the prospect of future achievement .
when this acceptance is combined with positive visualization , the cycle is often broken so that past fruitless [tries] play no further part in the prospect of future achievement .

In doing so it attempts to limit the effects of the imbalance to the most superficial levels — in other words , the physical level — and only if it fails to do so will emotional imbalances , or if the stresses go deeper , mental imbalances , be manifest .
in doing so it [tries] to limit the effects of the imbalance to the most superficial levels — in other words , the physical level — and only if it fails to do so will emotional imbalances , or if the stresses go deeper , mental imbalances , be manifest .

It is considered that when an individual becomes ill , that is , out of balance , the organism reacts in a way which attempts to restore the balance , that is , curatively .
it is considered that when an individual becomes ill , that is , out of balance , the organism reacts in a way which [tries] to restore the balance , that is , curatively .

It attempts to draw together information from several different fields and to construct from this information a theory of how homoeopathic remedies may work .
it [tries] to draw together information from several different fields and to construct from this information a theory of how homoeopathic remedies may work .

But the South African Rugby Board and the South African Rugby Union continued to get bogged down , as they had been for the last three years , even with the help of intermediaries of the stature of Nelson Mandela , in their attempts to reach accord and form one , united body for rugby football in their country .
but the south african rugby board and the south african rugby union continued to get bogged down , as they had been for the last three years , even with the help of intermediaries of the stature of nelson mandela , in their [tries] to reach accord and form one , united body for rugby football in their country .

At international level the likes of Gavin Hastings crucify failed touch attempts .
at international level the likes of gavin hastings crucify failed touch [tries] .

Techniques for avoiding victimization have become a serious preoccupation : more locks on doors and windows , fewer visits after dark to family , friends , and places of entertainment , avoidance of underground and empty train carriages , mace sprays or personal alarm sirens held nervously in coat pockets , a growing unwillingness to be neighbourly or engage in local collective enterprises , furtive suspicious glances at any stranger , and attempts to avoid any encounter except with the most trusted and close friends .
techniques for avoiding victimization have become a serious preoccupation : more locks on doors and windows , fewer visits after dark to family , friends , and places of entertainment , avoidance of underground and empty train carriages , mace sprays or personal alarm sirens held nervously in coat pockets , a growing unwillingness to be neighbourly or engage in local collective enterprises , furtive suspicious glances at any stranger , and [tries] to avoid any encounter except with the most trusted and close friends .

There is also a growing sense of dismay that attempts to contain and control corporate crime are largely absent or ineffectual .
there is also a growing sense of dismay that [tries] to contain and control corporate crime are largely absent or ineffectual .

There have been attempts to estimate the economic cost of corporate crimes and render these in a meaningful fashion ( Bequai 1978 : 1 ; Clinard 1978 : 83–102 ; Conklin 1977 : 2–8 ; Geis 1975 : 95–7 ; Hills 1971 : 167–68 ; McCaghy 1976 : 205 ; President 's Task Force Report 1967 : 47–51 ; Stotland 1977:180–82 ) .
there have been [tries] to estimate the economic cost of corporate crimes and render these in a meaningful fashion ( bequai 1978 : 1 ; clinard 1978 : 83–102 ; conklin 1977 : 2–8 ; geis 1975 : 95–7 ; hills 1971 : 167–68 ; mccaghy 1976 : 205 ; president 's task force report 1967 : 47–51 ; stotland 1977:180–82 ) .

Traditionally , individuals have been the central feature of attempts to understand corporate crime , but unfortunately for criminology , it was their pathological characteristics which were advanced as the cause of their deviations .
traditionally , individuals have been the central feature of [tries] to understand corporate crime , but unfortunately for criminology , it was their pathological characteristics which were advanced as the cause of their deviations .

Furthermore , one country 's legal system often constitutes an impediment to another country 's attempts to gather information necessary to pursue a domestic case against a transnational corporation .
furthermore , one country 's legal system often constitutes an impediment to another country 's [tries] to gather information necessary to pursue a domestic case against a transnational corporation .

This can be felt particularly strongly by corporate officials if the law attempts to interfere with free enterprise .
this can be felt particularly strongly by corporate officials if the law [tries] to interfere with free enterprise .

For example , as tax avoidance schemes are dreamt up by corporate accountants and lawyers or financial entrepreneurs , so the law attempts to encapsulate them by making that specific tax avoidance scheme illegal .
for example , as tax avoidance schemes are dreamt up by corporate accountants and lawyers or financial entrepreneurs , so the law [tries] to encapsulate them by making that specific tax avoidance scheme illegal .

The history of attempts to control and regulate corporate crimes does not give much cause for optimism , and indeed the idea of it reduces radicals to knowing laughter .
the history of [tries] to control and regulate corporate crimes does not give much cause for optimism , and indeed the idea of it reduces radicals to knowing laughter .

The final glimmer comes from recent attempts to develop novel strategies for controlling corporate crime .
the final glimmer comes from recent [tries] to develop novel strategies for controlling corporate crime .

Achieving the latter is so difficult that attempts to put corporations and their officials down the hole they belong in are often stymied .
achieving the latter is so difficult that [tries] to put corporations and their officials down the hole they belong in are often stymied .

And though previous Starlings singles were pretty much pallid takes on the Mary Chain 's one wonderful trick , the screwed-up-sex prowl of ‘ Sick Puppy ’ radically twists — and improves — on old attempts by pushing the ominous bass and sliding beat upfront and not really bothering with guitars at all .
and though previous starlings singles were pretty much pallid takes on the mary chain 's one wonderful trick , the screwed-up-sex prowl of ‘ sick puppy ’ radically twists — and improves — on old [tries] by pushing the ominous bass and sliding beat upfront and not really bothering with guitars at all .

Leeds have n't won at Joe Royle 's Oldham in their last seven attempts but McAllister warned : ‘ That 's a record we 're bursting to put right .
leeds have n't won at joe royle 's oldham in their last seven [tries] but mcallister warned : ‘ that 's a record we 're bursting to put right .

Stand-in kicker Ropati landed six goals from nine attempts and created a try for Alan Hunte .
stand-in kicker ropati landed six goals from nine [tries] and created a try for alan hunte .

He said : ‘ We were in training and everyone was having goal attempts .
he said : ‘ we were in training and everyone was having goal [tries] .

Wallace 's attempts to establish himself at United have been hindered by the player 's desperation to become a Stretford End hero as Fergie explained : ‘ He tried too hard to make himself popular .
wallace 's [tries] to establish himself at united have been hindered by the player 's desperation to become a stretford end hero as fergie explained : ‘ he tried too hard to make himself popular .

The Lancashire Cup is the only trophy to elude coach John Monie in his three-year reign though they hardly needed to break sweat against helpless Swinton with Frano Botica booting 11 goals from 15 attempts .
the lancashire cup is the only trophy to elude coach john monie in his three-year reign though they hardly needed to break sweat against helpless swinton with frano botica booting 11 goals from 15 [tries] .

Classy stand-off Frano Botica rattled up 20 points with a try and eight goals from ten attempts .
classy stand-off frano botica rattled up 20 points with a try and eight goals from ten [tries] .

Classy stand-off Frano Botica rattled up 20 points with a try and eight goals from ten attempts .
classy stand-off frano botica rattled up 20 points with a try and eight goals from ten [tries] .

The programme attempts to reflect what is actually happening .
the programme [tries] to reflect what is actually happening .

McCowen 's middle class Brit worries about his mum and attempts to keep his stiff upper lip from trembling by reliving tennis star Virginia Wade 's Wimbledon triumph .
mccowen 's middle class brit worries about his mum and [tries] to keep his stiff upper lip from trembling by reliving tennis star virginia wade 's wimbledon triumph .

Now that he 's gone , there will be the usual hypocritical outpouring of support , and ministers will join in the attempts to blame it all on nasty tabloid newspapers .
now that he 's gone , there will be the usual hypocritical outpouring of support , and ministers will join in the [tries] to blame it all on nasty tabloid newspapers .

The lack of one central source of information and guidance on the provision of programmes , and on the process of re-entry , can make attempts to return something of an exercise of faith and perseverance .
the lack of one central source of information and guidance on the provision of programmes , and on the process of re-entry , can make [tries] to return something of an exercise of faith and perseverance .

Recent attempts by psychologists to arrive at psychological tests which identify desirable characteristics in candidates has had only limited success .
recent [tries] by psychologists to arrive at psychological tests which identify desirable characteristics in candidates has had only limited success .

Attempts to restructure and remunerate accordingly are the basis of the new clinical grading exercise introduced in 1988 .
[tries] to restructure and remunerate accordingly are the basis of the new clinical grading exercise introduced in 1988 .

It is sad to see that conservation bodies seem to have halted their attempts to purchase the key Cairngorms estate of Mar Lodge .
it is sad to see that conservation bodies seem to have halted their [tries] to purchase the key cairngorms estate of mar lodge .

Algorithms such as reversing sequences of ie to ei following a letter c are effective first attempts before going on to more complicated techniques , or even instead of such techniques which may turn out to be counter-productive in terms of time taken and the number of candidates produced .
algorithms such as reversing sequences of ie to ei following a letter c are effective first [tries] before going on to more complicated techniques , or even instead of such techniques which may turn out to be counter-productive in terms of time taken and the number of candidates produced .

The preceding chapters have described a script recognition system which attempts to overcome the inherent problem of ambiguity present in handwriting .
the preceding chapters have described a script recognition system which [tries] to overcome the inherent problem of ambiguity present in handwriting .

For situations when all other attempts to suggest a word have failed , it would be preferable to provide a string of characters which is in some way a best guess , even if that string is not a word known to the lexicon .
for situations when all other [tries] to suggest a word have failed , it would be preferable to provide a string of characters which is in some way a best guess , even if that string is not a word known to the lexicon .

And should United yet manage to acquire a top frontman — attempts to sign Alan Shearer and Dutchman Dennis Bergkamp failed — then Hughes might yet be the player sold to help fund a massive financial outlay .
and should united yet manage to acquire a top frontman — [tries] to sign alan shearer and dutchman dennis bergkamp failed — then hughes might yet be the player sold to help fund a massive financial outlay .

Ferguson 's side have now managed only their eighth League win in 25 attempts this year .
ferguson 's side have now managed only their eighth league win in 25 [tries] this year .

But it took 10 minutes to haul her out and attempts to revive her failed .
but it took 10 minutes to haul her out and [tries] to revive her failed .

Then she made 18 separate attempts to light the fuel .
then she made 18 separate [tries] to light the fuel .

The story that sparked the storm claimed Princess Anne was defying attempts to hasten her marriage to Commander Tim .
the story that sparked the storm claimed princess anne was defying [tries] to hasten her marriage to commander tim .

Early attempts — including putting a ping-pong ball inside a soap bar — sank without trace .
early [tries] — including putting a ping-pong ball inside a soap bar — sank without trace .

They ploughed cash into marketing attempts and even won a prize from the local council .
they ploughed cash into marketing [tries] and even won a prize from the local council .

But the news overshadowed Labour attempts to make the economy the centrepiece of their conference attacks on the government .
but the news overshadowed labour [tries] to make the economy the centrepiece of their conference attacks on the government .

Attempts to revive him failed and he was dead on arrival at hospital .
[tries] to revive him failed and he was dead on arrival at hospital .

What a contrast with the pathetic attempts by Mr Major and Norman Lamont to blame others for their coming public spending cuts .
what a contrast with the pathetic [tries] by mr major and norman lamont to blame others for their coming public spending cuts .

’ She attempts a reassuring smile .
’ she [tries] a reassuring smile .

His climbing achievements are many , but it is his attempts on Everest which have lodged him firmly in the public consciousness .
his climbing achievements are many , but it is his [tries] on everest which have lodged him firmly in the public consciousness .

Last night sailors blamed upper-crust ‘ Yachties ’ for delaying rescue attempts by clogging vital emergency radio channels with chat about dinner parties .
last night sailors blamed upper-crust ‘ yachties ’ for delaying rescue [tries] by clogging vital emergency radio channels with chat about dinner parties .

Tonight 's episode 10 finds ‘ on off ’ girlfriend Sharon Maughan pouring cold water on Tony 's feeble attempts to explain .
tonight 's episode 10 finds ‘ on off ’ girlfriend sharon maughan pouring cold water on tony 's feeble [tries] to explain .

But they arrived to discover the house had been set on fire by attempts to burn large quantities of ‘ literature ’ .
but they arrived to discover the house had been set on fire by [tries] to burn large quantities of ‘ literature ’ .

He claimed she had frequently discussed her alleged suicide attempts with him .
he claimed she had frequently discussed her alleged suicide [tries] with him .

He succeeded with only two of then attempts from a slushy field against Otago .
he succeeded with only two of then [tries] from a slushy field against otago .

What it does not show is the most revealing statistic of all , the percentage of goals kicked by each player from his total attempts and the degree of difficulty involved .
what it does not show is the most revealing statistic of all , the percentage of goals kicked by each player from his total [tries] and the degree of difficulty involved .

Happily attempts are being made to change the colts qualifying date to September 1st from 1993 onwards rather than the anomalous January 1st which has for years disrupted team building by splitting units established over the years on the September date .
happily [tries] are being made to change the colts qualifying date to september 1st from 1993 onwards rather than the anomalous january 1st which has for years disrupted team building by splitting units established over the years on the september date .

He ignored Tessa 's many attempts to change his notorious toupee .
he ignored tessa 's many [tries] to change his notorious toupee .

In Nabisco 's policy legal fees resulting from up to two unsuccessful attempts to purchase a house are refunded .
in nabisco 's policy legal fees resulting from up to two unsuccessful [tries] to purchase a house are refunded .

This period saw the beginning of attempts by conferences of representatives of states to draw up treaties or conventions on different aspects of the law of armed conflict , what is referred to as the jus in bello , that is , the rules of how war should be waged if it should break out .
this period saw the beginning of [tries] by conferences of representatives of states to draw up treaties or conventions on different aspects of the law of armed conflict , what is referred to as the jus in bello , that is , the rules of how war should be waged if it should break out .

However , any further attempts at a more comprehensive codification to bring up to date the humanitarian controls of war were frozen with the onset of the Cold War .
however , any further [tries] at a more comprehensive codification to bring up to date the humanitarian controls of war were frozen with the onset of the cold war .

In the 1920s and 1930s attempts to codify rules of air warfare based on this general principle failed to result in the drawing-up of a detailed Convention .
in the 1920s and 1930s [tries] to codify rules of air warfare based on this general principle failed to result in the drawing-up of a detailed convention .

This provision clearly attempts to prevent the development of any new weapon the use of which may be illegal .
this provision clearly [tries] to prevent the development of any new weapon the use of which may be illegal .

Moreover , ever since the failure of attempts to include restrictions on retaliation or reprisals in the Brussels Code of 1874 , there has been no explicit prohibition of reprisals in the codes of the laws of war .
moreover , ever since the failure of [tries] to include restrictions on retaliation or reprisals in the brussels code of 1874 , there has been no explicit prohibition of reprisals in the codes of the laws of war .

In a number of other court cases , attempts have been made to raise issues relating to the legality of the use and possession of nuclear weapons , but usually without success .
in a number of other court cases , [tries] have been made to raise issues relating to the legality of the use and possession of nuclear weapons , but usually without success .

At the same time we are faced with the dilemma that these theories appear to be mutually exclusive : does this mean that the peace movement should take a cynical ‘ supermarket ’ attitude to attempts to theorise law and take from the shelves whatever theoretical package is best suited to the purpose ?
at the same time we are faced with the dilemma that these theories appear to be mutually exclusive : does this mean that the peace movement should take a cynical ‘ supermarket ’ attitude to [tries] to theorise law and take from the shelves whatever theoretical package is best suited to the purpose ?

In the previous sections we voiced a scepticism of the basic assumptions of the two most important systematic attempts to explain legal systems from within , that is , positivism and natural law .
in the previous sections we voiced a scepticism of the basic assumptions of the two most important systematic [tries] to explain legal systems from within , that is , positivism and natural law .

The result of our cursory glance at the attempts that have been made at a new perspective on law and the legal system is thus both clear and complicated : the legal system can no longer be understood to be monolithic , but is differentiated , and this differentiation is structured by its relationship to other social sub-systems ; law , moreover , has a different ideological role in different national legal cultures .
the result of our cursory glance at the [tries] that have been made at a new perspective on law and the legal system is thus both clear and complicated : the legal system can no longer be understood to be monolithic , but is differentiated , and this differentiation is structured by its relationship to other social sub-systems ; law , moreover , has a different ideological role in different national legal cultures .

The water pipeline was functioning properly , and three attempts to destroy it — two by the Montana gangcults , one by Jesuits — had been thwarted .
the water pipeline was functioning properly , and three [tries] to destroy it — two by the montana gangcults , one by jesuits — had been thwarted .

Its importance , however , is not that we know when doubt becomes unbelief ( for only God knows this and human attempts to say so can be cruel ) , but that we should be clear about where doubt leads to as it grows into unbelief .
its importance , however , is not that we know when doubt becomes unbelief ( for only god knows this and human [tries] to say so can be cruel ) , but that we should be clear about where doubt leads to as it grows into unbelief .

If ever it were possible to agree upon a scheme of regional government , then there might be a basis for regional representation , but attempts at this have so far failed .
if ever it were possible to agree upon a scheme of regional government , then there might be a basis for regional representation , but [tries] at this have so far failed .

Modern methods of curtailing debate are largely a response to attempts by Irish Nationalists , seeking home rule in Victorian times , to abuse the rights of the opposition to oppose .
modern methods of curtailing debate are largely a response to [tries] by irish nationalists , seeking home rule in victorian times , to abuse the rights of the opposition to oppose .

It therefore seems odd to find it argued , as one frequently does , that past attempts to do exactly this in relation to various parts of the British Dominions have been , ‘ technically ’ , ineffective .
it therefore seems odd to find it argued , as one frequently does , that past [tries] to do exactly this in relation to various parts of the british dominions have been , ‘ technically ’ , ineffective .

In addition , Parliament embarked upon a series of attempts to eradicate the practice of the monarch having ‘ placemen ’ in Parliament by disqualifying for membership of Parliament all who held an office of profit under the Crown .
in addition , parliament embarked upon a series of [tries] to eradicate the practice of the monarch having ‘ placemen ’ in parliament by disqualifying for membership of parliament all who held an office of profit under the crown .

All attempts at forced separation were met with fierce growling and threatening behaviour from the dog and a marked reluctance on the part of the stone to be ejected from the basket in which she was so blissfully happy ! The love-sick dog went completely off his food , finding his loveable lump more appetising than a bowl of doggy chunks in gravy and soon he was reduced to skin and bone , a mere shadow of the beast his family had grown to know and love .
all [tries] at forced separation were met with fierce growling and threatening behaviour from the dog and a marked reluctance on the part of the stone to be ejected from the basket in which she was so blissfully happy ! the love-sick dog went completely off his food , finding his loveable lump more appetising than a bowl of doggy chunks in gravy and soon he was reduced to skin and bone , a mere shadow of the beast his family had grown to know and love .

Undaunted ‘ Damnation ’ takes this response as encouragement to continue his ‘ Witnessing ’ and attempts to clarify the situation by asking , ‘ Are you covered by the blood of Jesus ? ’
undaunted ‘ damnation ’ takes this response as encouragement to continue his ‘ witnessing ’ and [tries] to clarify the situation by asking , ‘ are you covered by the blood of jesus ? ’

Since earliest times it seems that attempts were made to make wine as red as possible : in those places where vines producing white grapes thrived , it is likely that any
since earliest times it seems that [tries] were made to make wine as red as possible : in those places where vines producing white grapes thrived , it is likely that any

If one takes wines such as these together with the inevitably ill-fated attempts to make a red wine from black grapes grown in a climate barely hospitable enough to ripen a grape , let alone colour it , a wealth of curiously coloured , clouded wines must have constituted the norm , despite a half-hidden glint of pink or red in a few instances .
if one takes wines such as these together with the inevitably ill-fated [tries] to make a red wine from black grapes grown in a climate barely hospitable enough to ripen a grape , let alone colour it , a wealth of curiously coloured , clouded wines must have constituted the norm , despite a half-hidden glint of pink or red in a few instances .

These can all be applied to existing vines but without removing any of the top foliage , the advantage being that if the new scion fails to take , the vine still lives and further attempts can be made .
these can all be applied to existing vines but without removing any of the top foliage , the advantage being that if the new scion fails to take , the vine still lives and further [tries] can be made .

Although each screen is deceptively complicated and takes a fair few attempts to solve , the solution is found through brain-power and not trial and error — once you 've solved a screen you 'll never forget how to do it .
although each screen is deceptively complicated and takes a fair few [tries] to solve , the solution is found through brain-power and not trial and error — once you 've solved a screen you 'll never forget how to do it .

Sergeant Bird followed him into the parkland at a leisurely pace , then watched from behind a tree as the fugitive made three attempts at the lowest portion of the wall .
sergeant bird followed him into the parkland at a leisurely pace , then watched from behind a tree as the fugitive made three [tries] at the lowest portion of the wall .

We considered buying a coffee bar and being a presence in the market place , but we realised this would not be a suitable place for Sunday worship , and our attempts to buy a suitable shop were consistently blocked .
we considered buying a coffee bar and being a presence in the market place , but we realised this would not be a suitable place for sunday worship , and our [tries] to buy a suitable shop were consistently blocked .

Steve Clifford , one of the Cobham leaders with whom some of these teams consult regularly , identifies various desirable features which facilitate growth , believing that in Tooting many of these came together whereas in the earlier attempts , one or more of these elements was missing .
steve clifford , one of the cobham leaders with whom some of these teams consult regularly , identifies various desirable features which facilitate growth , believing that in tooting many of these came together whereas in the earlier [tries] , one or more of these elements was missing .

Scott Peck defines this brilliantly : ‘ In pseudo-community a group attempts to purchase community cheaply by pretence .
scott peck defines this brilliantly : ‘ in pseudo-community a group [tries] to purchase community cheaply by pretence .

In the silence , Uncle Anwar , Oscar Wilde himself , made three attempts to jump-start the conversation , all attempts stalling .
in the silence , uncle anwar , oscar wilde himself , made three [tries] to jump-start the conversation , all [tries] stalling .

For him the house was filled with suffering and fluffed attempts to pretend that suffering did n't exist .
for him the house was filled with suffering and fluffed [tries] to pretend that suffering did n't exist .

After this show we changed quickly , without the usual bickering and jokes and attempts to pull each other 's underpants off .
after this show we changed quickly , without the usual bickering and jokes and [tries] to pull each other 's underpants off .

Theirs had been one of those childless , self-absorbing marriages which unconsciously repel attempts at intimacy .
theirs had been one of those childless , self-absorbing marriages which unconsciously repel [tries] at intimacy .

The engineering approach not only includes the road system designs that are debated in this book , but also incorporates attempts to modify the vehicles .
the engineering approach not only includes the road system designs that are debated in this book , but also incorporates [tries] to modify the vehicles .

It shows that the street has been given to the car and attempts have been made to adjust the child : on finding that the child can not be adjusted parents have removed it from the street .
it shows that the street has been given to the car and [tries] have been made to adjust the child : on finding that the child can not be adjusted parents have removed it from the street .

In the event , few attempts at car restraint were made because it was assumed that the money would be found for reconstruction , but in the crisis-ridden post-1960s British economy , available funds never approached the levels needed for a widespread application of environmental area principles .
in the event , few [tries] at car restraint were made because it was assumed that the money would be found for reconstruction , but in the crisis-ridden post-1960s british economy , available funds never approached the levels needed for a widespread application of environmental area principles .

In option two areas , attempts were made at eliminating through traffic in addition to reducing traffic speeds , particularly by using speed humps and parking rearrangements to create carriageway narrowings .
in option two areas , [tries] were made at eliminating through traffic in addition to reducing traffic speeds , particularly by using speed humps and parking rearrangements to create carriageway narrowings .

For public transport attempts were to be made to free buses from congestion delay at traffic lights by providing priority treatment or bus lanes .
for public transport [tries] were to be made to free buses from congestion delay at traffic lights by providing priority treatment or bus lanes .

Such ‘ Fahrradstrasse ’ are not created as a function of cyclist density , though some attempts have been made to funnel cross-town traffic along them to ensure that motorists are intimidated by the greater volume of cycle traffic .
such ‘ fahrradstrasse ’ are not created as a function of cyclist density , though some [tries] have been made to funnel cross-town traffic along them to ensure that motorists are intimidated by the greater volume of cycle traffic .

Perhaps this reflects over-ambitious goals rather than failure of the projects , for it will only be when attempts to calm large areas are made that possibilities emerge of encouraging former car journeys to be made by public transport .
perhaps this reflects over-ambitious goals rather than failure of the projects , for it will only be when [tries] to calm large areas are made that possibilities emerge of encouraging former car journeys to be made by public transport .

In residential areas there are no attempts to create shared space on the Woonerf model and there is no discussion of the environmental works that can so improve their habitability .
in residential areas there are no [tries] to create shared space on the woonerf model and there is no discussion of the environmental works that can so improve their habitability .

But if the calming stops at the boundaries of the housing area , or if specific attempts are not made to carry cycle routes across neighbouring busy roads , then few will be able to use the cycle for their daily journeys .
but if the calming stops at the boundaries of the housing area , or if specific [tries] are not made to carry cycle routes across neighbouring busy roads , then few will be able to use the cycle for their daily journeys .

It was the same in the vineyards there : production of wine had almost ceased during the war years ; acres had been decimated by disease ; attempts at post-war wine production had been sporadic and ill-organised .
it was the same in the vineyards there : production of wine had almost ceased during the war years ; acres had been decimated by disease ; [tries] at post-war wine production had been sporadic and ill-organised .

Vlaçek had been a prize , and he had been loyal : all attempts to woo him away from de Chavigny — and there had been many — had failed .
vlaçek had been a prize , and he had been loyal : all [tries] to woo him away from de chavigny — and there had been many — had failed .

After one or two attempts they can change over until all join together for a big finish .
after one or two [tries] they can change over until all join together for a big finish .

Murder by Misadventure is sprinkled with the classic thriller ingredients — mystery , mistrust and a pinch of intrigue — but the real keys to its appeal are the innovative means of detection and the offenders ' attempts at anonymity .
murder by misadventure is sprinkled with the classic thriller ingredients — mystery , mistrust and a pinch of intrigue — but the real keys to its appeal are the innovative means of detection and the offenders ' [tries] at anonymity .

If the campaigning parents are in the right , then the headteacher is not fit to continue in post and they are actually doing the community a great service in their courageous attempts to expose the truth .
if the campaigning parents are in the right , then the headteacher is not fit to continue in post and they are actually doing the community a great service in their courageous [tries] to expose the truth .

In drawing he said , ‘ You must liken your attempts at it to a visit made to a strange town without a guide .
in drawing he said , ‘ you must liken your [tries] at it to a visit made to a strange town without a guide .

Williams attempts to show that if we examined the commonplace idea of equality of opportunity thoroughly , we find ourselves carried down a sort of ‘ slippery slope ’ towards insisting that only if everybody has succeeded to the same degree can we be sure that there has been genuine equality of opportunity .
williams [tries] to show that if we examined the commonplace idea of equality of opportunity thoroughly , we find ourselves carried down a sort of ‘ slippery slope ’ towards insisting that only if everybody has succeeded to the same degree can we be sure that there has been genuine equality of opportunity .

But attempts to define breadth and balance rapidly meet a difficult problem : all subjects wish to claim compulsory status ; however , it then proves difficult to fit them all into reasonable time allocations .
but [tries] to define breadth and balance rapidly meet a difficult problem : all subjects wish to claim compulsory status ; however , it then proves difficult to fit them all into reasonable time allocations .

Teaching strategies involve attempts at realizing educational goals by taking advantage of appropriate opportunities and coping with , adjusting to , or redefining the constraints .
teaching strategies involve [tries] at realizing educational goals by taking advantage of appropriate opportunities and coping with , adjusting to , or redefining the constraints .

Perhaps through their attempts to pull school ( or society ) apart out of hours .
perhaps through their [tries] to pull school ( or society ) apart out of hours .

Sacher was a dedicated socialist who was devoting his considerable influence to blocking the attempts of private firms from the West to establish a dominating position . Especially he was against the Americans with what he called in speeches , ‘ their Mafia-style methods in business … ’
sacher was a dedicated socialist who was devoting his considerable influence to blocking the [tries] of private firms from the west to establish a dominating position . especially he was against the americans with what he called in speeches , ‘ their mafia-style methods in business … ’

Attempts have been made to try and address this problem in relation to the needs of all children and families .
[tries] have been made to try and address this problem in relation to the needs of all children and families .

Primary prevention refers to attempts to eliminate the noxious or infectious agent at its source , either through changes to its habitat or immunization which makes the body invulnerable to it .
primary prevention refers to [tries] to eliminate the noxious or infectious agent at its source , either through changes to its habitat or immunization which makes the body invulnerable to it .

Secondary prevention attempts to curtail the spread of the disease and interrupt its course .
secondary prevention [tries] to curtail the spread of the disease and interrupt its course .

These in turn have implications for attempts to predict and prevent the problem and particularly which families and sections of the population are seen as ‘ high risk ’ .
these in turn have implications for [tries] to predict and prevent the problem and particularly which families and sections of the population are seen as ‘ high risk ’ .

In the case of acute infectious diseases , attempts are made to isolate a single identifiable organism .
in the case of acute infectious diseases , [tries] are made to isolate a single identifiable organism .

As a consequence these factors or characteristics should direct attempts to identify and predict , and hence prevent .
as a consequence these factors or characteristics should direct [tries] to identify and predict , and hence prevent .

For efforts to keep false negatives to a minimum will increase the likelihood of false positives , while attempts to reduce false positives will increase the likelihood of tragedies in false negatives .
for efforts to keep false negatives to a minimum will increase the likelihood of false positives , while [tries] to reduce false positives will increase the likelihood of tragedies in false negatives .

At present no controlled group study has been reported with child victims and their families and , even when attempts have been made to evaluate interventions , findings suggest that the treatment of abusive parents has only been marginally effective .
at present no controlled group study has been reported with child victims and their families and , even when [tries] have been made to evaluate interventions , findings suggest that the treatment of abusive parents has only been marginally effective .

Ludwig is also the Emperor 's bodyguard and his mere presence has so far proven enough to discourage any attempts on the Emperor 's life .
ludwig is also the emperor 's bodyguard and his mere presence has so far proven enough to discourage any [tries] on the emperor 's life .

The economic effects of a service such as education are clearly impossible to quantify accurately , and attempts by economists to calculate returns on investment in education are laden with many assumptions and are unavoidably narrow in approach ; in particular , the financial return is calculated on the basis of a ratio between income and the cost of educational qualifications [ Blaug , 1965 ; Morris and Ziderman , 1971 ] .
the economic effects of a service such as education are clearly impossible to quantify accurately , and [tries] by economists to calculate returns on investment in education are laden with many assumptions and are unavoidably narrow in approach ; in particular , the financial return is calculated on the basis of a ratio between income and the cost of educational qualifications [ blaug , 1965 ; morris and ziderman , 1971 ] .

Despite successive attempts , there was a failure to establish vocational education on a par with more traditional forms [ Robbins , 1963 ] .
despite successive [tries] , there was a failure to establish vocational education on a par with more traditional forms [ robbins , 1963 ] .

When in the late 1960s wages and unemployment began to move together and then to accelerate rapidly the Phillips curve became somewhat discredited , despite various theoretical attempts made to rescue it .
when in the late 1960s wages and unemployment began to move together and then to accelerate rapidly the phillips curve became somewhat discredited , despite various theoretical [tries] made to rescue it .

However , it is questionable whether this recantation at the level of economic theory provides the clue as to the practical reasons why the road to the high inflation of the 1970s was littered with the wrecks of attempts at incomes policies .
however , it is questionable whether this recantation at the level of economic theory provides the clue as to the practical reasons why the road to the high inflation of the 1970s was littered with the wrecks of [tries] at incomes policies .

Attempts to lower unemployment by means of a boost to monetary demand will work through into an increasing rate of inflation because of sticky prices and wages and increasing expectations of inflation ( i.e .
[tries] to lower unemployment by means of a boost to monetary demand will work through into an increasing rate of inflation because of sticky prices and wages and increasing expectations of inflation ( i.e .

Many attempts to evaluate its effectiveness have shown little or no benefit , possibly due to methodological problems .
many [tries] to evaluate its effectiveness have shown little or no benefit , possibly due to methodological problems .

Failed attempts
failed [tries]

The course attempts to place the study of cultures in a British , European , and wider international perspective .
the course [tries] to place the study of cultures in a british , european , and wider international perspective .

Western specialists have long felt the need for a journal which attempts regularly to describe and analyse developments in East Central European countries in a comparative framework … East European Reporter is a pioneering attempt to tackle this vital task . Timothy Garton Ash
western specialists have long felt the need for a journal which [tries] regularly to describe and analyse developments in east central european countries in a comparative framework … east european reporter is a pioneering attempt to tackle this vital task . timothy garton ash

More powerful were his enemies at Court , who had been offended by his attempts to prevent chantry lands being sold to them or by his refusal to grant easy divorces .
more powerful were his enemies at court , who had been offended by his [tries] to prevent chantry lands being sold to them or by his refusal to grant easy divorces .

Attempts to establish a British colony in Virginia had been made by Sir Walter Raleigh in the 1580s .
[tries] to establish a british colony in virginia had been made by sir walter raleigh in the 1580s .

Some other general qualities of schizophrenia can be appreciated by examining attempts that have been made to identify various subtypes .
some other general qualities of schizophrenia can be appreciated by examining [tries] that have been made to identify various subtypes .

The devils urged that she should kill herself and be damned with them in Hell , and it was evidently to contain her attempts at suicide that she was ‘ bound and kept with strength day and night ’ ; even then she ‘ rived the skin on her body against her heart with her nails most spitefully ’ .
the devils urged that she should kill herself and be damned with them in hell , and it was evidently to contain her [tries] at suicide that she was ‘ bound and kept with strength day and night ’ ; even then she ‘ rived the skin on her body against her heart with her nails most spitefully ’ .

Recent attempts to subdivide the largely homogeneous psammites of the Grampian Group into shallow- and deep-water facies are supported in part by the regional distributions of elements such as cobalt and vanadium .
recent [tries] to subdivide the largely homogeneous psammites of the grampian group into shallow- and deep-water facies are supported in part by the regional distributions of elements such as cobalt and vanadium .

The powerful running of the big front man had been a constant threat to Andover all afternoon and they just had no answer as he finally surged through shrugging off vain attempts to check him before delivering the perfect finish .
the powerful running of the big front man had been a constant threat to andover all afternoon and they just had no answer as he finally surged through shrugging off vain [tries] to check him before delivering the perfect finish .

Rushing Wild was beaten last time by Country Member , who attempts to upgrade the value of the form in tomorrow 's Ritz Club National Hunt Handicap Chase .
rushing wild was beaten last time by country member , who [tries] to upgrade the value of the form in tomorrow 's ritz club national hunt handicap chase .

Our attempts to participate had been accidentally and sometimes deliberately obstructed .
our [tries] to participate had been accidentally and sometimes deliberately obstructed .

Of course , in reality there is no united lesbian and gay community with a common set of needs and yet Switchboard attempts a near-unique balancing act of serving some of the needs of all of the people as much of the time as possible .
of course , in reality there is no united lesbian and gay community with a common set of needs and yet switchboard [tries] a near-unique balancing act of serving some of the needs of all of the people as much of the time as possible .

Previous attempts to open a dialogue on race issues ( let alone institute anti-racist practices ) have ended with anger and hostility on all sides and , unsurprisingly , there are few current Black volunteers … but the calls are still coming in .
previous [tries] to open a dialogue on race issues ( let alone institute anti-racist practices ) have ended with anger and hostility on all sides and , unsurprisingly , there are few current black volunteers … but the calls are still coming in .

In our attempts to take racism seriously we denied the importance of heterosexism by allowing it to remain excluded from the agenda .
in our [tries] to take racism seriously we denied the importance of heterosexism by allowing it to remain excluded from the agenda .

When one attempts to describe and discuss this elusive concept of community care , one is immediately beset by the range and variety of the situations in which old people find themselves , and of the provision which is made by formal and informal carers in different areas .
when one [tries] to describe and discuss this elusive concept of community care , one is immediately beset by the range and variety of the situations in which old people find themselves , and of the provision which is made by formal and informal carers in different areas .

Various alternative uses have been suggested by the council in its attempts to justify the closure , but its main plank has been the need for housing .
various alternative uses have been suggested by the council in its [tries] to justify the closure , but its main plank has been the need for housing .

Bankers like to see governments breaking their election promises because this proves that they are in earnest in their attempts to put the economy to rights .
bankers like to see governments breaking their election promises because this proves that they are in earnest in their [tries] to put the economy to rights .

Despite several attempts , the county has been unable to persuade Braintree District Council to approve plans for a southern link road around Sudbury near the Braintree area .
despite several [tries] , the county has been unable to persuade braintree district council to approve plans for a southern link road around sudbury near the braintree area .

Despite several attempts , the county has been unable to persuade Braintree District Council to approve plans for a southern link road around Sudbury near the Braintree area .
despite several [tries] , the county has been unable to persuade braintree district council to approve plans for a southern link road around sudbury near the braintree area .

The case is being heard just a few days before counter action aimed at holding up attempts to sell the house if they are forced to leave .
the case is being heard just a few days before counter action aimed at holding up [tries] to sell the house if they are forced to leave .

There have been few serious attempts to break away from this restrictive framework ; it is the absence of the application of any theoretical framework that has made such work so sterile , and it is doubtful whether evidence will be found for the social and economic developments during the period by studying art-styles , date and distribution alone , unless specific questions are formulated first .
there have been few serious [tries] to break away from this restrictive framework ; it is the absence of the application of any theoretical framework that has made such work so sterile , and it is doubtful whether evidence will be found for the social and economic developments during the period by studying art-styles , date and distribution alone , unless specific questions are formulated first .

Attempts to reconcile archaeology with history during the period have always presented problems , and will undoubtedly continue to do so .
[tries] to reconcile archaeology with history during the period have always presented problems , and will undoubtedly continue to do so .

Attempts to understand the processes which caused the differences and similarities are rare .
[tries] to understand the processes which caused the differences and similarities are rare .

The majority of attempts to gain greater insight into the organisation of the manufacture of ornamental metalwork and the meaning of the decoration have been based on the decoration itself .
the majority of [tries] to gain greater insight into the organisation of the manufacture of ornamental metalwork and the meaning of the decoration have been based on the decoration itself .

Attempts to characterise glass with a view to understanding its technology and source have been made , but glass is a difficult material to work with in this way because of compositional irregularities ( Sanderson and Hunter 1980 ; Hunter 1985 ) .
[tries] to characterise glass with a view to understanding its technology and source have been made , but glass is a difficult material to work with in this way because of compositional irregularities ( sanderson and hunter 1980 ; hunter 1985 ) .

Capital punishment for murder was abolished in 1969 and repeated attempts to reintroduce it have been defeated by an ever-increasing majority .
capital punishment for murder was abolished in 1969 and repeated [tries] to reintroduce it have been defeated by an ever-increasing majority .

However , his attempts to deflect attention away from his private life has rather backfired because on one occasion to distract a rather persistent journalist he assured him that he was ‘ heavily into drugs and loved having sex with Chihuahuas .
however , his [tries] to deflect attention away from his private life has rather backfired because on one occasion to distract a rather persistent journalist he assured him that he was ‘ heavily into drugs and loved having sex with chihuahuas .

‘ We will be trying to make attempts to obtain substantial sponsorship .
‘ we will be trying to make [tries] to obtain substantial sponsorship .

He had survived six previous attempts on his life .
he had survived six previous [tries] on his life .

The poems may almost be considered as examples of literary collaboration , and , though her own attempts at verse were not successful , the originality and freshness of perception in the Journals and her letters make a clear case for assessing her as a ‘ poet ’ in her own right .
the poems may almost be considered as examples of literary collaboration , and , though her own [tries] at verse were not successful , the originality and freshness of perception in the journals and her letters make a clear case for assessing her as a ‘ poet ’ in her own right .

Wordsworth was forced into using his own past as material for poetry , and the first attempts of a writer in a new vein are frequently the best .
wordsworth was forced into using his own past as material for poetry , and the first [tries] of a writer in a new vein are frequently the best .

Many of Wordsworth 's poems are attempts to show how we associate ideas ( see ‘ Hartley ’ , p. 80 ) , and he often points out how the second idea — ‘ the echo of the voice ’ in this case — is blended with the first idea on which our conscious attention is fixed — ‘ my eye / Was fixed upon the glowing Sky ’ .
many of wordsworth 's poems are [tries] to show how we associate ideas ( see ‘ hartley ’ , p. 80 ) , and he often points out how the second idea — ‘ the echo of the voice ’ in this case — is blended with the first idea on which our conscious attention is fixed — ‘ my eye / was fixed upon the glowing sky ’ .

Attempts to jail him on false charges , to bribe and threaten him had failed .
[tries] to jail him on false charges , to bribe and threaten him had failed .

Livingstone argues , correctly , that the attempts by the European left to create ‘ a progressive and democratic Europe ’ are incomplete , but then back in Wapping mode he argues that a ‘ fascist and racist right ’ is now replacing ‘ democracy and civilised politics ’ in Europe .
livingstone argues , correctly , that the [tries] by the european left to create ‘ a progressive and democratic europe ’ are incomplete , but then back in wapping mode he argues that a ‘ fascist and racist right ’ is now replacing ‘ democracy and civilised politics ’ in europe .

First attempts
first [tries]

All of your early hovering attempts will be made with the model in front of you and the tail pointing towards you ( Fig .
all of your early hovering [tries] will be made with the model in front of you and the tail pointing towards you ( fig .

Your first attempts in a light breeze will probably get no further than the crosswind point .
your first [tries] in a light breeze will probably get no further than the crosswind point .

For initial attempts it is best to apply only very short ‘ stabs ’ of cyclic control .
for initial [tries] it is best to apply only very short ‘ stabs ’ of cyclic control .

Although this will exaggerate any effects of yaw/roll coupling , it will make first attempts less traumatic .
although this will exaggerate any effects of yaw/roll coupling , it will make first [tries] less traumatic .

First attempts should be made by starting from a safe height and closing the throttle fully without stopping the engine — do n't use the ‘ throttle hold ’ switch at this stage .
first [tries] should be made by starting from a safe height and closing the throttle fully without stopping the engine — do n't use the ‘ throttle hold ’ switch at this stage .

Isabella 's situation as a tragic widow is soon forgotten in a charming world of women 's friendship : secret betting on the races , and exhausting attempts to lose weight .
isabella 's situation as a tragic widow is soon forgotten in a charming world of women 's friendship : secret betting on the races , and exhausting [tries] to lose weight .

On the contrary , there is much to suggest that , in this election , Labour moved too far away from its traditional base ; that its attempts at reassuring those outside its ‘ natural ’ core of supporters meant it did too little to mobilise support among those who would benefit from its policies .
on the contrary , there is much to suggest that , in this election , labour moved too far away from its traditional base ; that its [tries] at reassuring those outside its ‘ natural ’ core of supporters meant it did too little to mobilise support among those who would benefit from its policies .

Bland and colourless as he is , Mr Major may indeed be finely tuned , as a political symbol , to these intricate ( and perhaps self-deceiving ) attempts to square the circle , and to the other underlying sociological and aspirational shifts in the electorate that have taken place .
bland and colourless as he is , mr major may indeed be finely tuned , as a political symbol , to these intricate ( and perhaps self-deceiving ) [tries] to square the circle , and to the other underlying sociological and aspirational shifts in the electorate that have taken place .

This is why we appear to be witnessing a new round of military coup attempts in those happy places where western prescriptions have been carried out with such fidelity : for example , Fujimoro in Peru last week , and the events in Venezuela in February .
this is why we appear to be witnessing a new round of military coup [tries] in those happy places where western prescriptions have been carried out with such fidelity : for example , fujimoro in peru last week , and the events in venezuela in february .

And he carefully attempts to draw up a balance-sheet of union power , politics and prospects , going far beyond the clichés in which Grant deals .
and he carefully [tries] to draw up a balance-sheet of union power , politics and prospects , going far beyond the clichés in which grant deals .

After several attempts at attracting attention with the knocker he walked round the side of the cottage to the back garden .
after several [tries] at attracting attention with the knocker he walked round the side of the cottage to the back garden .

There was a drawing of the oak tree , two brave attempts at Sammy , a painting of five children blackberrying , one of a library with people sitting and walking round and several sketches of boots and flowers and half-eaten sandwiches .
there was a drawing of the oak tree , two brave [tries] at sammy , a painting of five children blackberrying , one of a library with people sitting and walking round and several sketches of boots and flowers and half-eaten sandwiches .

As the electoral process has lumbered into action , much attention has been paid to Bill Clinton 's alleged sexual dalliances and his attempts to evade war service in Vietnam .
as the electoral process has lumbered into action , much attention has been paid to bill clinton 's alleged sexual dalliances and his [tries] to evade war service in vietnam .

The Ego , then , has a whole array of negative beliefs , payoffs and hidden agenda which limit or even wreck our lives , and block our attempts to programme what we want .
the ego , then , has a whole array of negative beliefs , payoffs and hidden agenda which limit or even wreck our lives , and block our [tries] to programme what we want .

Pygmalion , from which My Fair Lady was derived , attempts to show how easily England 's class system can be subverted by the acquisition of the correct accent and attitude .
pygmalion , from which my fair lady was derived , [tries] to show how easily england 's class system can be subverted by the acquisition of the correct accent and attitude .

In the 1950s , male homosexuality was a frequent cause of suicidal attempts or feelings , because of the pre-Woolfenden potential for blackmail .
in the 1950s , male homosexuality was a frequent cause of suicidal [tries] or feelings , because of the pre-woolfenden potential for blackmail .

Jazz shares many themes with its predecessor , the Pulitzer Prize-winning Beloved : the conflict between the interests of the community and the individual 's attempts to create and maintain a separate self ; the importance of communal responsibility .
jazz shares many themes with its predecessor , the pulitzer prize-winning beloved : the conflict between the interests of the community and the individual 's [tries] to create and maintain a separate self ; the importance of communal responsibility .

Faltering 17th-century attempts at ecumenical dialogue between western Protestants and eastern Orthodox churches are treated here in an entertaining piece , whose footnotes also show with what insolent and deliberate ease Dacre can out-pedant any pedant .
faltering 17th-century [tries] at ecumenical dialogue between western protestants and eastern orthodox churches are treated here in an entertaining piece , whose footnotes also show with what insolent and deliberate ease dacre can out-pedant any pedant .

We should thus expect resistance from workers to attempts by management to wrest control from them , and the historical evidence for this is now forthcoming .
we should thus expect resistance from workers to [tries] by management to wrest control from them , and the historical evidence for this is now forthcoming .

attempts to harness the adaptability of labour power by giving workers leeway and encouraging them to adapt to changing situations in a manner beneficial to the firm .
[tries] to harness the adaptability of labour power by giving workers leeway and encouraging them to adapt to changing situations in a manner beneficial to the firm .

He stressed that attempts should be made to minimise any hardship they might experience to the greatest extent possible , as long as these did not prejudice the children 's best interests .
he stressed that [tries] should be made to minimise any hardship they might experience to the greatest extent possible , as long as these did not prejudice the children 's best interests .

The Parents ' Action Committee was continually frustrated in its attempts to seek a dialogue with the Council .
the parents ' action committee was continually frustrated in its [tries] to seek a dialogue with the council .

All attempts to explain just why anyone would want to do this failed . ‘ You tell those guys they should get a life !
all [tries] to explain just why anyone would want to do this failed . ‘ you tell those guys they should get a life !

Stuart Weir reports on Tory and Labour attempts to win the argument over constitutional reform
stuart weir reports on tory and labour [tries] to win the argument over constitutional reform

In a British context , my own attempts to unpick the Logic of Racism were inspired by Terkel 's earlier tableaux vivants .
in a british context , my own [tries] to unpick the logic of racism were inspired by terkel 's earlier tableaux vivants .

Sudjic implies this when he explains how architects of office blocks have to dress up the imperatives of mechanical engineers , and when he examines , and rejects , attempts to tie the design of tower blocks to the social ills they can contain .
sudjic implies this when he explains how architects of office blocks have to dress up the imperatives of mechanical engineers , and when he examines , and rejects , [tries] to tie the design of tower blocks to the social ills they can contain .

an enabling mechanism , a device designed to give the fullest possible expression to its subject without unwarranted attempts at ‘ interpretation ’ .
an enabling mechanism , a device designed to give the fullest possible expression to its subject without unwarranted [tries] at ‘ interpretation ’ .

Every now and again a band comes along that completely defies all attempts at fitting into any sort of neat package .
every now and again a band comes along that completely defies all [tries] at fitting into any sort of neat package .

Mary 's attempts to be familiar with her when Philip was n't there had been painfully embarrassing .
mary 's [tries] to be familiar with her when philip was n't there had been painfully embarrassing .

He was amused by Claire 's attempts to introduce him to attractive women .
he was amused by claire 's [tries] to introduce him to attractive women .

Despite their attempts to express opposition many of these early papers still looked to the press of Europe as models .
despite their [tries] to express opposition many of these early papers still looked to the press of europe as models .

The powerful influence of the Bantu press was to undermine most other African attempts at a truly independent press not only in South Africa but in the two Rhodesias as well .
the powerful influence of the bantu press was to undermine most other african [tries] at a truly independent press not only in south africa but in the two rhodesias as well .

The tradition of press freedom established in a number of metropolitan powers was not extended to the subject territories — although there were some rather clumsy attempts to do so as independence approached .
the tradition of press freedom established in a number of metropolitan powers was not extended to the subject territories — although there were some rather clumsy [tries] to do so as independence approached .

Various attempts were made to increase the sales and advertising revenue of the two party papers , though the measures taken were at best mere palliatives .
various [tries] were made to increase the sales and advertising revenue of the two party papers , though the measures taken were at best mere palliatives .

Further attempts were made by Asian leaders to have Asian languages reintroduced , but these were resisted .
further [tries] were made by asian leaders to have asian languages reintroduced , but these were resisted .

Attempts to explain the ‘ crisis ’ are many and various .
[tries] to explain the ‘ crisis ’ are many and various .

While Engels attempts to meet this point by stating that ‘ the government of persons is replaced by the administration of things ’ the meaning still remains unclear .
while engels [tries] to meet this point by stating that ‘ the government of persons is replaced by the administration of things ’ the meaning still remains unclear .

Not only is this episode interesting in itself , but it also contains important lessons which can be applied to similar attempts at implementing Marxism within a democratic framework .
not only is this episode interesting in itself , but it also contains important lessons which can be applied to similar [tries] at implementing marxism within a democratic framework .

Since that time successive attempts have been made to reform the position but to no avail .
since that time successive [tries] have been made to reform the position but to no avail .

Attempts , if any , at settlement before trial
[tries] , if any , at settlement before trial

In due course , he was convicted , under Section 1 ( 1 ) of the Criminal Attempts Act 1981 , of attempting to obtain services , that is credit facilities for hire-purchase purposes , by deception .
in due course , he was convicted , under section 1 ( 1 ) of the criminal [tries] act 1981 , of attempting to obtain services , that is credit facilities for hire-purchase purposes , by deception .

In case attempts are made to avoid the full effect of the winding-up procedure , Section 127 states :
in case [tries] are made to avoid the full effect of the winding-up procedure , section 127 states :

Northgate was the only foreign mining company that made major attempts to raise capital locally in Ireland .
northgate was the only foreign mining company that made major [tries] to raise capital locally in ireland .

But it was when he came to his summing-up or , as they say in Scotland , charge to the jury , that Lord Robertson abandoned all attempts at judicial impartiality .
but it was when he came to his summing-up or , as they say in scotland , charge to the jury , that lord robertson abandoned all [tries] at judicial impartiality .

However , fourteenth-century people were sometimes buried with a purchased Indulgence , and there is at the Ashmolean Museum , Oxford , a small latten figure , not much more than four inches high , of a man in a winding-sheet which might have been enclosed within the folds of the shroud , in the same way that stamped leaden crosses were used up to the seventeenth century , to foil Satan 's attempts to claim the deceased 's soul as his own ; the date of manufacture of the Ashmolean item is indeterminate , but it seems doubtful that such an item would have been produced much after c.1550 .
however , fourteenth-century people were sometimes buried with a purchased indulgence , and there is at the ashmolean museum , oxford , a small latten figure , not much more than four inches high , of a man in a winding-sheet which might have been enclosed within the folds of the shroud , in the same way that stamped leaden crosses were used up to the seventeenth century , to foil satan 's [tries] to claim the deceased 's soul as his own ; the date of manufacture of the ashmolean item is indeterminate , but it seems doubtful that such an item would have been produced much after c.1550 .

The result was a general strike early in September 1946 in which police and government workers camped out in the Shwe Dagon Pagoda where they were guarded against any persuasive attempts from authority .
the result was a general strike early in september 1946 in which police and government workers camped out in the shwe dagon pagoda where they were guarded against any persuasive [tries] from authority .

The next case attempts to introduce you to some of these complexities .
the next case [tries] to introduce you to some of these complexities .

These developments led to a belief that the Monopolies and Mergers Commission would be hostile to further attempts by the big six to buy more breweries .
these developments led to a belief that the monopolies and mergers commission would be hostile to further [tries] by the big six to buy more breweries .

Despite many attempts to link drug use with social deprivation , the association is spurious .
despite many [tries] to link drug use with social deprivation , the association is spurious .

Jules Brookes , the multi-instrumentalist and driving force behind Raw Stylus , ca n't keep a straight face as he attempts to recount his version of the group 's history .
jules brookes , the multi-instrumentalist and driving force behind raw stylus , ca n't keep a straight face as he [tries] to recount his version of the group 's history .

The action revolves around a failed robbery and the attempts of the various hoods involved ( all dressed in black suits and ties and given colour-coded aliases ) to figure out which one of their number is an undercover cop .
the action revolves around a failed robbery and the [tries] of the various hoods involved ( all dressed in black suits and ties and given colour-coded aliases ) to figure out which one of their number is an undercover cop .

Over the years he made numerous attempts to give up drinking altogether .
over the years he made numerous [tries] to give up drinking altogether .

She saw his attempts to wish his own brand of authority on to the production as little more than temperamental interference , and , in turn , told him how he should play his scenes .
she saw his [tries] to wish his own brand of authority on to the production as little more than temperamental interference , and , in turn , told him how he should play his scenes .

By March 1990 the case took an unexpected twist when Jan Parsons , backed by her brother Paul and her divorced father , publicly opposed Jan 's mum 's attempts to sue Lowe .
by march 1990 the case took an unexpected twist when jan parsons , backed by her brother paul and her divorced father , publicly opposed jan 's mum 's [tries] to sue lowe .

Hank spoke no Ruthenian but he could understand the simple sentences his grandmother used — more easily , in fact , than her garbled attempts at English .
hank spoke no ruthenian but he could understand the simple sentences his grandmother used — more easily , in fact , than her garbled [tries] at english .

The General , half the beast it used to be and back in the red at the mid-point of 1992 , will be lucky to break even this year , despite vast attempts over the last three years to clear the decks and keep a tight ship .
the general , half the beast it used to be and back in the red at the mid-point of 1992 , will be lucky to break even this year , despite vast [tries] over the last three years to clear the decks and keep a tight ship .

Microsoft 's attempts to increase usability have worked well , producing a package which is easy to get to grips with and fun to use .
microsoft 's [tries] to increase usability have worked well , producing a package which is easy to get to grips with and fun to use .

The date , and the exiled place of composition of its authors , suggests tellingly that the situation with which it attempts to deal is the phenomenon of fascism which seemed to have stopped in its tracks the long march of the progress of reason , and its liberating enlightenment ideals , of which Marxism was the fullest political development .
the date , and the exiled place of composition of its authors , suggests tellingly that the situation with which it [tries] to deal is the phenomenon of fascism which seemed to have stopped in its tracks the long march of the progress of reason , and its liberating enlightenment ideals , of which marxism was the fullest political development .

This has led to a series of attempts to reinscribe a place for , and a relation with , the other as other , outside the sphere of mastery and therefore , logically speaking , both infinite and beyond the scope of knowledge .
this has led to a series of [tries] to reinscribe a place for , and a relation with , the other as other , outside the sphere of mastery and therefore , logically speaking , both infinite and beyond the scope of knowledge .

The history of Western Marxism amounts to a history of attempts to provide a means for transcending the condition of alienation and achieving that lost totality , not through irony or a reified homogeneous temporality , as in Lukács ' novel , but , according to his formulation of Marxism , through history and class consciousness .
the history of western marxism amounts to a history of [tries] to provide a means for transcending the condition of alienation and achieving that lost totality , not through irony or a reified homogeneous temporality , as in lukács ' novel , but , according to his formulation of marxism , through history and class consciousness .

It was Stalin 's unfortunate deviation which led to the whole series of attempts by Western European Marxists to return-to-Marx — the major examples in France being Sartre and Althusser , and in Germany the Frankfurt School .
it was stalin 's unfortunate deviation which led to the whole series of [tries] by western european marxists to return-to-marx — the major examples in france being sartre and althusser , and in germany the frankfurt school .

If it enabled the latter the crucial theoretical move of being able to reject the classical empiricist conception of knowledge , it was also to put him in the position of even castigating as ‘ historicist ’ any attempts to account for theoretical discourse in terms of its historical conditions of production — perhaps one of the major ways in which he differed from Canguilhem and Foucault .
if it enabled the latter the crucial theoretical move of being able to reject the classical empiricist conception of knowledge , it was also to put him in the position of even castigating as ‘ historicist ’ any [tries] to account for theoretical discourse in terms of its historical conditions of production — perhaps one of the major ways in which he differed from canguilhem and foucault .

This separation between scientific and common-sense knowledge in turn produces a significant effect on Bachelard 's thinking about history . For , as Lecourt describes it , he attempts
this separation between scientific and common-sense knowledge in turn produces a significant effect on bachelard 's thinking about history . for , as lecourt describes it , he [tries]

Derrida himself , therefore , does not in any sense abjure history ( or totality ) but rather attempts to reinscribe it by writing histories that set up supplementary figures whose logic simultaneously invokes and works against historical totalities .
derrida himself , therefore , does not in any sense abjure history ( or totality ) but rather [tries] to reinscribe it by writing histories that set up supplementary figures whose logic simultaneously invokes and works against historical totalities .

This means that it is not necessary to reject totalization as such — because such a rejection assumes its very possibility , whereas all attempts at totalization such as Sartre 's demonstrate rather its impossibility .
this means that it is not necessary to reject totalization as such — because such a rejection assumes its very possibility , whereas all [tries] at totalization such as sartre 's demonstrate rather its impossibility .

Peter Dews has recently claimed that ‘ post-structuralism can be understood as the point at which the ‘ logic of disintegration ’ penetrates into the thought which attempts to comprehend it , resulting in a dispersal into a plurality of inconsistent logics ’ .
peter dews has recently claimed that ‘ post-structuralism can be understood as the point at which the ‘ logic of disintegration ’ penetrates into the thought which [tries] to comprehend it , resulting in a dispersal into a plurality of inconsistent logics ’ .

In relation to the almost antithetical Marxist positions of Sartre and Althusser , Foucault does not , however , simply follow the latter rather than the former : he articulates through a historical perspective the problems that their work encountered and attempts to produce a new method of historical enquiry — though not a general theory of history as such — that is both theoretically coherent and politically effective with respect to the particular problems under examination .
in relation to the almost antithetical marxist positions of sartre and althusser , foucault does not , however , simply follow the latter rather than the former : he articulates through a historical perspective the problems that their work encountered and [tries] to produce a new method of historical enquiry — though not a general theory of history as such — that is both theoretically coherent and politically effective with respect to the particular problems under examination .

If all history attempts to conceptualize the event , to wean it from its finitude , then Foucault like many of his contemporaries is concerned to respect its singularity .
if all history [tries] to conceptualize the event , to wean it from its finitude , then foucault like many of his contemporaries is concerned to respect its singularity .

In the essay ‘ Theatum philosophicum ’ ( 1970 ) , written shortly after the Archaeology , Foucault attempts to avoid the snares of the problem of the relation of the event to the totality , or the particular to the general , that beset both Sartre and Althusser , by arguing that the event as event is only constituted through its repetition in thought as a ‘ phantasm ’ : ‘ it makes the event indefinite so that it repeats itself as a singular universal ’ .
in the essay ‘ theatum philosophicum ’ ( 1970 ) , written shortly after the archaeology , foucault [tries] to avoid the snares of the problem of the relation of the event to the totality , or the particular to the general , that beset both sartre and althusser , by arguing that the event as event is only constituted through its repetition in thought as a ‘ phantasm ’ : ‘ it makes the event indefinite so that it repeats itself as a singular universal ’ .

The more History attempts to transcend its own rootedness in historicity , and the greater the efforts it makes to attain , beyond the historical relativity of its origin and its choices , the sphere of universality , the more clearly it bears the marks of its historical birth , and the more evidently there appears through it the history of which it is itself a part … inversely , the more it accepts its relativity , and the more deeply it sinks into the movement it shares with what it is recounting , then the more it tends to the slenderness of the narrative , and all the positive content it obtained for itself through the human sciences is dissipated . ( 371 )
the more history [tries] to transcend its own rootedness in historicity , and the greater the efforts it makes to attain , beyond the historical relativity of its origin and its choices , the sphere of universality , the more clearly it bears the marks of its historical birth , and the more evidently there appears through it the history of which it is itself a part … inversely , the more it accepts its relativity , and the more deeply it sinks into the movement it shares with what it is recounting , then the more it tends to the slenderness of the narrative , and all the positive content it obtained for itself through the human sciences is dissipated . ( 371 )

Yet despite the amount of money generated in the region , it has remained largely impervious to the attempts of local companies to establish computer retail operations .
yet despite the amount of money generated in the region , it has remained largely impervious to the [tries] of local companies to establish computer retail operations .

The researcher must try to resist the attempts that will almost certainly be made to get him or her to ‘ take sides ’ .
the researcher must try to resist the [tries] that will almost certainly be made to get him or her to ‘ take sides ’ .

But we also acknowledge that there is more to politics than choosing the next Government and what that Government attempts to do when in office .
but we also acknowledge that there is more to politics than choosing the next government and what that government [tries] to do when in office .

The relationship between society and the state has been a central concern of western political and social thought for the last four hundred years , one crucially bound up with attempts to understand and evaluate the character of new social , political , economic and intellectual forms associated with the development of a capitalist world economy .
the relationship between society and the state has been a central concern of western political and social thought for the last four hundred years , one crucially bound up with [tries] to understand and evaluate the character of new social , political , economic and intellectual forms associated with the development of a capitalist world economy .

In October 1875 , their medical officer drew the attention of the Board , after many previous attempts , to meet the need for a separate building , or wards , to receive alleged lunatics who were not susceptible of curative treatment ( sic ) in an asylum , but ‘ whose habits and conduct are such that they can not be associated with the other inmates without injury to the latter ’ .
in october 1875 , their medical officer drew the attention of the board , after many previous [tries] , to meet the need for a separate building , or wards , to receive alleged lunatics who were not susceptible of curative treatment ( sic ) in an asylum , but ‘ whose habits and conduct are such that they can not be associated with the other inmates without injury to the latter ’ .

This definition breaks away from the previous categorisations of handicap and attempts to introduce a subtler and a more relative concept .
this definition breaks away from the previous categorisations of handicap and [tries] to introduce a subtler and a more relative concept .

The cause of her disadvantage rests in the social arrangements we make , yet there is a tradition of social analysis which attempts to blame the girl for her failure , as if it were simply her responsibility to overcome the conditions of class , race and gender to which she is subject .
the cause of her disadvantage rests in the social arrangements we make , yet there is a tradition of social analysis which [tries] to blame the girl for her failure , as if it were simply her responsibility to overcome the conditions of class , race and gender to which she is subject .

The sadness is the greater as the Act comes at a time when the accumulated wisdom from attempts to improve schools was establishing a consensus on how schools might more effectively meet the needs of all pupils .
the sadness is the greater as the act comes at a time when the accumulated wisdom from [tries] to improve schools was establishing a consensus on how schools might more effectively meet the needs of all pupils .

The 1970s saw the beginning of serious attempts to develop remedial services in local authorities .
the 1970s saw the beginning of serious [tries] to develop remedial services in local authorities .

Pre-dating the Act , and in some respects in contradiction to the aims of the national curriculum that forms the core of the legislation , were the government 's attempts to improve the structure and quality of vocational and technological education .
pre-dating the act , and in some respects in contradiction to the aims of the national curriculum that forms the core of the legislation , were the government 's [tries] to improve the structure and quality of vocational and technological education .

All this implies , as has been pointed out in the collected evidence presented to the 1987 Select Committee inquiry into the implementation of the 1981 Education Act ( cf vol 2 of the evidence ) , and to many others since then involved in attempts at educational reform :
all this implies , as has been pointed out in the collected evidence presented to the 1987 select committee inquiry into the implementation of the 1981 education act ( cf vol 2 of the evidence ) , and to many others since then involved in [tries] at educational reform :

They gave examples of how some of their attempts at building up self-esteem seemed to have worked .
they gave examples of how some of their [tries] at building up self-esteem seemed to have worked .

This chapter examines the gender imbalances among psychologists , and analyses egalitarian attempts to rectify them .
this chapter examines the gender imbalances among psychologists , and analyses egalitarian [tries] to rectify them .

But worries about psychologists ' neutrality continually resurface in the discipline , in a history which includes 1960s concerns with experimenter effects ; 1970s ethogeny ; a 1980s preoccupation with the social representations which psychologists as well as subjects draw on ; and a long list of attempts to replace living with automated experimenters , from written instructions , to computers .
but worries about psychologists ' neutrality continually resurface in the discipline , in a history which includes 1960s concerns with experimenter effects ; 1970s ethogeny ; a 1980s preoccupation with the social representations which psychologists as well as subjects draw on ; and a long list of [tries] to replace living with automated experimenters , from written instructions , to computers .

She criticizes the individualist reductionism , and the ineffectualness , of conventional psychology 's attempts to solve gender inequalities by manipulating female psychology : ‘ Psychologists can not change the world so they fix women .
she criticizes the individualist reductionism , and the ineffectualness , of conventional psychology 's [tries] to solve gender inequalities by manipulating female psychology : ‘ psychologists can not change the world so they fix women .

Men it examines feminist attempts to construct gender-fair methods , and the limitations of these attempts .
men it examines feminist [tries] to construct gender-fair methods , and the limitations of these [tries] .

Feminism 's attempts to explore the subjectivities of female subjects who are ignored or silenced by western discourses have led it to develop some methodological preferences of its own .
feminism 's [tries] to explore the subjectivities of female subjects who are ignored or silenced by western discourses have led it to develop some methodological preferences of its own .

Their attempts to provide more objective methods do not challenge the gender bias involved in psychological notions of objectivity .
their [tries] to provide more objective methods do not challenge the gender bias involved in psychological notions of objectivity .

Its attempts to deal theoretically with the intricacies of psychological issues have been especially imaginative .
its [tries] to deal theoretically with the intricacies of psychological issues have been especially imaginative .

These attempts have drawn very little on mainstream psychological theory , but they have made extensive and creative use of psychoanalysis .
these [tries] have drawn very little on mainstream psychological theory , but they have made extensive and creative use of psychoanalysis .

This chapter examines different egalitarian feminist attempts to deal with psychological theory 's gender biases .
this chapter examines different egalitarian feminist [tries] to deal with psychological theory 's gender biases .

She dismisses hormonal explanations of sex differences because they relate poorly to behaviour , and criticizes cross-cultural studies ' attempts to establish the universality of sex differences for not taking full account of cultural variety .
she dismisses hormonal explanations of sex differences because they relate poorly to behaviour , and criticizes cross-cultural studies ' [tries] to establish the universality of sex differences for not taking full account of cultural variety .

Feminist psychologists ' attempts to combine polarized social and biological approaches do not challenge the basis of the polarity .
feminist psychologists ' [tries] to combine polarized social and biological approaches do not challenge the basis of the polarity .

White working-class and black women 's stories of employment difficulties and success are heard as case histories of psychic tension , and lesbian women 's attempts to redefine relations between women become assimilated to accounts of pre-oedipal intimacy .
white working-class and black women 's stories of employment difficulties and success are heard as case histories of psychic tension , and lesbian women 's [tries] to redefine relations between women become assimilated to accounts of pre-oedipal intimacy .

Friedan condemns Freud 's account of women on the grounds that he was a ‘ prisoner of his own culture ’ ( 1965 : 93 ) , and criticizes psychoanalytic attempts to explain women 's position in terms of a natural feminine sexuality .
friedan condemns freud 's account of women on the grounds that he was a ‘ prisoner of his own culture ’ ( 1965 : 93 ) , and criticizes psychoanalytic [tries] to explain women 's position in terms of a natural feminine sexuality .

Orbach and Eichenbaum similarly reduce unconscious repression to a surmountable obstacle , or , at best , to a supplementary resource , in their therapeutic attempts to increase women 's happiness and effectiveness .
orbach and eichenbaum similarly reduce unconscious repression to a surmountable obstacle , or , at best , to a supplementary resource , in their therapeutic [tries] to increase women 's happiness and effectiveness .

Recent Censuses have included questions about the birthplace of members of the household , but attempts to introduce an ‘ ethnic question ’ , to find out the size of the ethnic minorities resident in this country , have so far been unsuccessful .
recent censuses have included questions about the birthplace of members of the household , but [tries] to introduce an ‘ ethnic question ’ , to find out the size of the ethnic minorities resident in this country , have so far been unsuccessful .

The White Lions protected him from many assassination attempts and his personal retinue of Sapherian wizards countered all death-spells .
the white lions protected him from many assassination [tries] and his personal retinue of sapherian wizards countered all death-spells .

He refused all attempts to force him to order an invasion of Naggaroth .
he refused all [tries] to force him to order an invasion of naggaroth .

attempts at control have been successful or not is , in many ways , irrelevant .
[tries] at control have been successful or not is , in many ways , irrelevant .

Few attempts to change public perceptions are achieved easily , nor can they be performed by all members of society .
few [tries] to change public perceptions are achieved easily , nor can they be performed by all members of society .

As with other models , our model ( Fig. 1.1 ) is not comprehensive but only attempts to emphasize and closely examine a small section of the mosaic of mass communication . It incorporates a number of points which are critical to the analysis of the processes of political communication :
as with other models , our model ( fig. 1.1 ) is not comprehensive but only [tries] to emphasize and closely examine a small section of the mosaic of mass communication . it incorporates a number of points which are critical to the analysis of the processes of political communication :

They suggest that not all attempts to start up new newspapers should be funded .
they suggest that not all [tries] to start up new newspapers should be funded .

Attempts to create vehicles of left-wing opinion have not succeeded ; both the News-on-Sunday and the East End News failed miserably .
[tries] to create vehicles of left-wing opinion have not succeeded ; both the news-on-sunday and the east end news failed miserably .

In due course , attempts were made to specify more precisely what made British broadcasting unique .
in due course , [tries] were made to specify more precisely what made british broadcasting unique .

The analysis of practice is the necessary preliminary to attempts to classify occupations on the basis of identifiable rather than supposed similarities and differences .
the analysis of practice is the necessary preliminary to [tries] to classify occupations on the basis of identifiable rather than supposed similarities and differences .

Corporate bodies are in continuing tension with legality , seeking to arrive at some accommodation with attempts to regulate their own affairs and to exploit its possibilities for defending or advancing their own interests against rivals .
corporate bodies are in continuing tension with legality , seeking to arrive at some accommodation with [tries] to regulate their own affairs and to exploit its possibilities for defending or advancing their own interests against rivals .

This approach avoids the idealism lurking in other attempts to classify occupations , and in particular ‘ the professions ’ , even when the attempt seeks to situate the professions in a radical theory of society .
this approach avoids the idealism lurking in other [tries] to classify occupations , and in particular ‘ the professions ’ , even when the attempt seeks to situate the professions in a radical theory of society .

Instead Johnson ( 1972 ) looks outside the professions and attempts to understand them in terms of their sources and use of power and authority .
instead johnson ( 1972 ) looks outside the professions and [tries] to understand them in terms of their sources and use of power and authority .

This level of divergence is compatible with the results of attempts to identify a living mammal that is comparable to the mammalian common ancestor .
this level of divergence is compatible with the results of [tries] to identify a living mammal that is comparable to the mammalian common ancestor .

Psychobiology is characterized by our attempts to study the brain by correlating neural factors with behaviour , and there is genuine disagreement amongst researchers about how to study the behaviour itself .
psychobiology is characterized by our [tries] to study the brain by correlating neural factors with behaviour , and there is genuine disagreement amongst researchers about how to study the behaviour itself .

Numerous attempts have been made to correlate activities like eating and drinking with spontaneously occurring variations in the state of the body , like blood glucose level or salt concentration .
numerous [tries] have been made to correlate activities like eating and drinking with spontaneously occurring variations in the state of the body , like blood glucose level or salt concentration .

Many of the issues in the contemporary study of perceptual systems have come about because of our improved understanding of how the systems might work , based largely on people 's attempts to build models of perceptual processes .
many of the issues in the contemporary study of perceptual systems have come about because of our improved understanding of how the systems might work , based largely on people 's [tries] to build models of perceptual processes .

This means that attempts to relate studies on animals to those on humans are not really comparing like with like .
this means that [tries] to relate studies on animals to those on humans are not really comparing like with like .

There were frequent attempts to check it .
there were frequent [tries] to check it .

Even — perhaps especially — in times of intra-Party strife , attempts by the General Staff to widen its prerogatives produce a closing of Party ranks .
even — perhaps especially — in times of intra-party strife , [tries] by the general staff to widen its prerogatives produce a closing of party ranks .

In response to the failure of a number of attempts to provide foundations for certain knowledge of empirical facts , many epistemologists have tried to defend various forms of fallibilism .
in response to the failure of a number of [tries] to provide foundations for certain knowledge of empirical facts , many epistemologists have tried to defend various forms of fallibilism .

The computations are thus interpretative processes , carried out by the visual system considered as a symbol-manipulating system rather than simply as a physical transducer ( though Marr attempts to ground his computational hypotheses in specific facts of visual psychophysiology ) .
the computations are thus interpretative processes , carried out by the visual system considered as a symbol-manipulating system rather than simply as a physical transducer ( though marr [tries] to ground his computational hypotheses in specific facts of visual psychophysiology ) .

The rift that divides Thompson and Anderson commonly afflicts practising historians and social scientists in their attempts to explain particular phenomena .
the rift that divides thompson and anderson commonly afflicts practising historians and social scientists in their [tries] to explain particular phenomena .

One reason why the shift in emphasis to the broader question of determinism is less helpful than it at first appears is that ‘ the problem of determinism ’ itself lacks a clear formulation , and the difficulty of saying exactly what it consists in is reflected in attempts to relate it to holism .
one reason why the shift in emphasis to the broader question of determinism is less helpful than it at first appears is that ‘ the problem of determinism ’ itself lacks a clear formulation , and the difficulty of saying exactly what it consists in is reflected in [tries] to relate it to holism .

But so far as the problem of holism is concerned , attempts to formulate such a priori defences of individualism are unsatisfactory in two ways .
but so far as the problem of holism is concerned , [tries] to formulate such a priori defences of individualism are unsatisfactory in two ways .

This attempts to refute a common interpretation of Marx 's work and can help us to understand Althusser 's reading in greater detail .
this [tries] to refute a common interpretation of marx 's work and can help us to understand althusser 's reading in greater detail .

Of the various attempts that have been made to apply Althusser 's principles , by far the most wholehearted and discerning is the work of Nicos Poulantzas , who offered both an account of the state in capitalist societies and an analysis of what he saw as one of its exceptional forms fascism .
of the various [tries] that have been made to apply althusser 's principles , by far the most wholehearted and discerning is the work of nicos poulantzas , who offered both an account of the state in capitalist societies and an analysis of what he saw as one of its exceptional forms fascism .

As evidence of the difficulty of eschewing individualism he criticises a number of attempts to elaborate a conception of the state as the tool of the ruling class which are individualist .
as evidence of the difficulty of eschewing individualism he criticises a number of [tries] to elaborate a conception of the state as the tool of the ruling class which are individualist .

Contemporary social theory , however , does not lack for attempts at elaboration .
contemporary social theory , however , does not lack for [tries] at elaboration .

Their work can be seen as a range of attempts to deal with a shared set of problems which have perhaps been most clearly formulated by the greatest among them — by Bloch and Febvre ( the founders of the journal ) in the first generation , by Braudel in the second , and more recently by Le Roy Ladurie .
their work can be seen as a range of [tries] to deal with a shared set of problems which have perhaps been most clearly formulated by the greatest among them — by bloch and febvre ( the founders of the journal ) in the first generation , by braudel in the second , and more recently by le roy ladurie .

The Annales school attempts to deal with this issue by appealing to the third category identified by Braudel — that of événements ; but to say quite what événements are is no easy task .
the annales school [tries] to deal with this issue by appealing to the third category identified by braudel — that of événements ; but to say quite what événements are is no easy task .

This teleological approach , which presents revolutions of the sixteenth century as failed attempts to realise the political programmes of the Enlightenment , runs through Le Roy Ladurie 's work , and informs his attitude to specific classes of phenomena .
this teleological approach , which presents revolutions of the sixteenth century as failed [tries] to realise the political programmes of the enlightenment , runs through le roy ladurie 's work , and informs his attitude to specific classes of phenomena .

Pioneer attempts to relate temporal diversity changes to plate tectonics were undertaken by Valentine & Moores ( 1972 ) and Flessa & Imbrie ( 1973 ) , while the relationship of changing patterns of endemism through time in relation to plate movements was outlined by Hallam ( 1974 ) .
pioneer [tries] to relate temporal diversity changes to plate tectonics were undertaken by valentine & moores ( 1972 ) and flessa & imbrie ( 1973 ) , while the relationship of changing patterns of endemism through time in relation to plate movements was outlined by hallam ( 1974 ) .

His theory is in stark contrast to the biologists ' attempts to find a relationship between the prohibitions on certain types of marriage partner , and the inhibitions about having sexual contact with such classes of people .
his theory is in stark contrast to the biologists ' [tries] to find a relationship between the prohibitions on certain types of marriage partner , and the inhibitions about having sexual contact with such classes of people .

He also contends that if one attempts to isolate the judgemental aspect and base the perceptual claim upon what remains , all we have is behaviour and the ‘ sensory data ’ , which is not perception ( 1980 : 118–20 ) .
he also contends that if one [tries] to isolate the judgemental aspect and base the perceptual claim upon what remains , all we have is behaviour and the ‘ sensory data ’ , which is not perception ( 1980 : 118–20 ) .

Now the many attempts to teach the rudiments of a human language to primates , or more recently to porpoises and dolphins , are fascinating and probably equally useful in extending the boundaries of our knowledge of their recognitional limits .
now the many [tries] to teach the rudiments of a human language to primates , or more recently to porpoises and dolphins , are fascinating and probably equally useful in extending the boundaries of our knowledge of their recognitional limits .

Attempts , mostly pre-1950 , to teach the apes to imitate human speech .
[tries] , mostly pre-1950 , to teach the apes to imitate human speech .

But attempts to convince us that the eating of meat and fish is an evil invasion of the inalienable rights of animals and that it should cease forthwith are a sham .
but [tries] to convince us that the eating of meat and fish is an evil invasion of the inalienable rights of animals and that it should cease forthwith are a sham .

As it is , she has resisted all attempts of the club to involve local residents in these community-related activities , even when they offered to clean her car and windows free !
as it is , she has resisted all [tries] of the club to involve local residents in these community-related activities , even when they offered to clean her car and windows free !

After some periods of discouragement , attempts to put things right and make the effort needed to achieve the kinds of adjustment required for mutual happiness are often postponed , then shelved .
after some periods of discouragement , [tries] to put things right and make the effort needed to achieve the kinds of adjustment required for mutual happiness are often postponed , then shelved .

As we went to press the above pair and another made up of Vic Saunders and Steve Sustad were both making attempts on Ultar from different sides .
as we went to press the above pair and another made up of vic saunders and steve sustad were both making [tries] on ultar from different sides .

During the fibre pile decline , attempts were made to cover the pile with windproof material , but none of the resulting garments captured the interest of the consumer .
during the fibre pile decline , [tries] were made to cover the pile with windproof material , but none of the resulting garments captured the interest of the consumer .

Close ties with a medical publisher had enabled us to monitor early attempts to move from a traditional print-based publishing enterprise to new technologies : laser-disc publication had proved wasteful and made too many demands of staff with no experience in editing or marketing such material , let alone its production ; on-line database publication drawing on the company 's range of printed publications , many of which were in electronic form anyway before imprisonment on paper , proved more compatible with existing operations and more amenable to the skills of existing staff .
close ties with a medical publisher had enabled us to monitor early [tries] to move from a traditional print-based publishing enterprise to new technologies : laser-disc publication had proved wasteful and made too many demands of staff with no experience in editing or marketing such material , let alone its production ; on-line database publication drawing on the company 's range of printed publications , many of which were in electronic form anyway before imprisonment on paper , proved more compatible with existing operations and more amenable to the skills of existing staff .

It attempts to identify the significant differences between a course designed primarily for users and a course designed for specialists who may also become future developers and implementers .
it [tries] to identify the significant differences between a course designed primarily for users and a course designed for specialists who may also become future developers and implementers .

At home she was becoming progressively more disorganized and dissatisfied with her role as wife and mother as she felt that all her attempts to exert control were undermined by her husband .
at home she was becoming progressively more disorganized and dissatisfied with her role as wife and mother as she felt that all her [tries] to exert control were undermined by her husband .

Parents may end up fighting the children 's battles and undermining each other 's attempts at discipline .
parents may end up fighting the children 's battles and undermining each other 's [tries] at discipline .

Attempts to get parents to reduce calorific intake , if the cause of the obesity is psychogenic , are doomed to failure ; possibly this is why these families are often so difficult to treat .
[tries] to get parents to reduce calorific intake , if the cause of the obesity is psychogenic , are doomed to failure ; possibly this is why these families are often so difficult to treat .

This approach attempts to reduce the frequency of passing urine and increase bladder capacity .
this approach [tries] to reduce the frequency of passing urine and increase bladder capacity .

Doleys and Arnold ( 1975 ) treated an 8-year-old mentally handicapped boy by encouraging him to copy another child and by reinforcing attempts to sit on the lavatory for longer periods .
doleys and arnold ( 1975 ) treated an 8-year-old mentally handicapped boy by encouraging him to copy another child and by reinforcing [tries] to sit on the lavatory for longer periods .

Previous attempts at encouraging her to sit on the lavatory or the potty for this had ended in tantrums and tears so mother had given up trying .
previous [tries] at encouraging her to sit on the lavatory or the potty for this had ended in tantrums and tears so mother had given up trying .

Many attempts have been made to breed them in captivity , however , there are flaws in this idea .
many [tries] have been made to breed them in captivity , however , there are flaws in this idea .

Their attempts to bring about political change first of all through breakaway Red Guard factions , then with ‘ Democracy Wall ’ had led to repression .
their [tries] to bring about political change first of all through breakaway red guard factions , then with ‘ democracy wall ’ had led to repression .

The students were visibly annoyed by their actions , including attempts to rally support for a more ‘ suitable ’ candidate , i.e .
the students were visibly annoyed by their actions , including [tries] to rally support for a more ‘ suitable ’ candidate , i.e .

The official attempts to persuade and coerce through propaganda , ideological work and threats contained the problems but never resolved them .
the official [tries] to persuade and coerce through propaganda , ideological work and threats contained the problems but never resolved them .

Attempts by police to halt their progress and warnings from the authorities did not deter the students , who continued their demonstrations over several days .
[tries] by police to halt their progress and warnings from the authorities did not deter the students , who continued their demonstrations over several days .

She claims that the systematic patterns of individual behaviour were explicable as , ‘ personal attempts to increase benefits and reduce costs in an environment where the rewards and penalties associated with various actions are established by regime policies ’ ( Shirk 1982 : 5 ) .
she claims that the systematic patterns of individual behaviour were explicable as , ‘ personal [tries] to increase benefits and reduce costs in an environment where the rewards and penalties associated with various actions are established by regime policies ’ ( shirk 1982 : 5 ) .

Attempts to organise demonstrations fail .
[tries] to organise demonstrations fail .

Attempts to make labels seem urgent by putting qualifiers alongside them ( for example , so aggressive , extremely hyperactive ) only disguise the subjectivity of the problem . For example , take two labels attached to another child in a nursery :
[tries] to make labels seem urgent by putting qualifiers alongside them ( for example , so aggressive , extremely hyperactive ) only disguise the subjectivity of the problem . for example , take two labels attached to another child in a nursery :

The child 's initial attempts to imitate this model should be rewarded no matter how poor these attempts may be .
the child 's initial [tries] to imitate this model should be rewarded no matter how poor these [tries] may be .

Attempts to correct problems often fail because adults try to solve all problems at once .
[tries] to correct problems often fail because adults try to solve all problems at once .

In view of the complexity of the psycholinguistic abilities which contribute to normal language functioning , it is perhaps not surprising that attempts to explain how these abilities emerge in the first place and are orchestrated into the unified process which we recognise as language have met with only limited success .
in view of the complexity of the psycholinguistic abilities which contribute to normal language functioning , it is perhaps not surprising that [tries] to explain how these abilities emerge in the first place and are orchestrated into the unified process which we recognise as language have met with only limited success .

As we have already seen , attempts to explain the rapid changes in complex behaviour simply in terms of contingent relations between behaviour and the environment have not been particularly successful .
as we have already seen , [tries] to explain the rapid changes in complex behaviour simply in terms of contingent relations between behaviour and the environment have not been particularly successful .

For Piaget , the adult 's ability to think logically , to manipulate symbols in meaningful ways and to solve complex problems can be traced directly back to the infant 's first attempts to make sense of her surroundings .
for piaget , the adult 's ability to think logically , to manipulate symbols in meaningful ways and to solve complex problems can be traced directly back to the infant 's first [tries] to make sense of her surroundings .

This approach also suggests that the most important language is that which represents the child 's attempts to express her own needs and intentions rather than language which arises as the child tries to express ideas supplied by the teacher .
this approach also suggests that the most important language is that which represents the child 's [tries] to express her own needs and intentions rather than language which arises as the child tries to express ideas supplied by the teacher .

Crystal ( 1984 ) points out that attempts to classify linguistic disabilities have led to considerable confusion and that terminology is seldom used systematically .
crystal ( 1984 ) points out that [tries] to classify linguistic disabilities have led to considerable confusion and that terminology is seldom used systematically .

However , in addition to providing information about the child , an indication of change over time may also be helpful in evaluating the success of previous attempts at remedial intervention .
however , in addition to providing information about the child , an indication of change over time may also be helpful in evaluating the success of previous [tries] at remedial intervention .

The rationale for this is that intervention can not replace natural developmental processes , but only complement them ; it is therefore necessary to ensure that structured attempts at intervention and ‘ natural developmental processes ’ are working in unison .
the rationale for this is that intervention can not replace natural developmental processes , but only complement them ; it is therefore necessary to ensure that structured [tries] at intervention and ‘ natural developmental processes ’ are working in unison .

Four attempts proved the deviation impossible and McFall prepared for a spot of slip fielding .
four [tries] proved the deviation impossible and mcfall prepared for a spot of slip fielding .

Initial attempts at moving together in a team often cause frustration and irritation .
initial [tries] at moving together in a team often cause frustration and irritation .

… as repeated attempts are made to commit themselves to a traverse across the wall towards that seemingly distant arête .
… as repeated [tries] are made to commit themselves to a traverse across the wall towards that seemingly distant arête .

From sociology there are attempts to adopt and adapt Mannheim 's perspective and attempts to more or less ‘ begin again ’ .
from sociology there are [tries] to adopt and adapt mannheim 's perspective and [tries] to more or less ‘ begin again ’ .

Goff points to the contradiction that ensues when sociology attempts to take on the methodology sanctified by positivism for use in the natural sciences :
goff points to the contradiction that ensues when sociology [tries] to take on the methodology sanctified by positivism for use in the natural sciences :

But it is perhaps in the attempts of Francis Bacon in the seventeenth century that the origins of a concern with social features of knowledge as introducing distortions are to be found .
but it is perhaps in the [tries] of francis bacon in the seventeenth century that the origins of a concern with social features of knowledge as introducing distortions are to be found .

Here Althusser attempts to analyse the general form of ideology as opposed to theorizing particular ideologies ‘ which in whatever their form ( religious , ethical , legal , political ) , always express class positions ’ ( Althusser 1971 : 150 ) .
here althusser [tries] to analyse the general form of ideology as opposed to theorizing particular ideologies ‘ which in whatever their form ( religious , ethical , legal , political ) , always express class positions ’ ( althusser 1971 : 150 ) .

Habermas attempts to accomplish this through a linguistic reformulation of the philosophical foundations of historical materialism .
habermas [tries] to accomplish this through a linguistic reformulation of the philosophical foundations of historical materialism .

There is then a double confusion in the connection between linguistics and anthropology that Lévi-Strauss attempts :
there is then a double confusion in the connection between linguistics and anthropology that lévi-strauss [tries] :

The context of anthropology is that of a discourse that attempts to generalize and encompass other discourses , such as those of myth-telling .
the context of anthropology is that of a discourse that [tries] to generalize and encompass other discourses , such as those of myth-telling .

Barthes attempts to ground his work in theory in two texts ; the article ‘ Myth Today ’ written after the analyses in Mythologies and published in English with them , and the later Elements of Semiology ( Barthes 1969 ) . In the first of these Barthes creates his own problematic centred around his own idea of myth :
barthes [tries] to ground his work in theory in two texts ; the article ‘ myth today ’ written after the analyses in mythologies and published in english with them , and the later elements of semiology ( barthes 1969 ) . in the first of these barthes creates his own problematic centred around his own idea of myth :

When we look at Poe 's tales , the structure seems predictable , even formulaic : the dawning sense that all is not as it should be ; the attempts to explain away the moaning sounds that something inside him is nevertheless compelling him to hear ; the fight with fancy , as if one could will away one 's deepest fear ; and then the horrified recognition that what one was most afraid of is there , behind the antique panels , waiting to throw one to the floor .
when we look at poe 's tales , the structure seems predictable , even formulaic : the dawning sense that all is not as it should be ; the [tries] to explain away the moaning sounds that something inside him is nevertheless compelling him to hear ; the fight with fancy , as if one could will away one 's deepest fear ; and then the horrified recognition that what one was most afraid of is there , behind the antique panels , waiting to throw one to the floor .

My concern is that the Plec sometimes chases the Comet and the Lionhead and attempts to suck onto their sides .
my concern is that the plec sometimes chases the comet and the lionhead and [tries] to suck onto their sides .

On the phone from Canada , he jokes that one of the reasons he got involved was to get over the abortive attempts by Hollywood to film one of his scripts .
on the phone from canada , he jokes that one of the reasons he got involved was to get over the abortive [tries] by hollywood to film one of his scripts .

Oily major-cable snake Rob Lowe attempts to lure Wayne and Garth on to his network , all the while conspiring with a venal video-arcade owner who really wants to use their show as a Trojan horse into adolescent spending power .
oily major-cable snake rob lowe [tries] to lure wayne and garth on to his network , all the while conspiring with a venal video-arcade owner who really wants to use their show as a trojan horse into adolescent spending power .

What can feminists do about this ? In the case of titles , of course ( that is , markers like Miss and Mrs ) there have been attempts at reform , and in some countries — though not in Britain — they have been very successful . In the United States , Ms is now the unmarked choice of address form for women in professional contexts , and dental receptionists do not ask that irritating question , ‘ Is that Miss or Mrs ? ’
what can feminists do about this ? in the case of titles , of course ( that is , markers like miss and mrs ) there have been [tries] at reform , and in some countries — though not in britain — they have been very successful . in the united states , ms is now the unmarked choice of address form for women in professional contexts , and dental receptionists do not ask that irritating question , ‘ is that miss or mrs ? ’

Over the last decade or so , feminists have moved progressively from attempts at nonsexist dictionary-making to attempts at feminist lexicography which radically question the nature of the whole enterprise .
over the last decade or so , feminists have moved progressively from [tries] at nonsexist dictionary-making to [tries] at feminist lexicography which radically question the nature of the whole enterprise .

The new gallery tells the story of flight from the earliest attempts to the ‘ Jumbo Jet ’ .
the new gallery tells the story of flight from the earliest [tries] to the ‘ jumbo jet ’ .

There was much activity at Brooklands as people strove to get ready for their attempts .
there was much activity at brooklands as people strove to get ready for their [tries] .

Do not use textured , fluffy or other fancy yarns for your first attempts with weaving because these can be more difficult to use .
do not use textured , fluffy or other fancy yarns for your first [tries] with weaving because these can be more difficult to use .

Attempts to show human face of the hunt falls at the very first hurdle .
[tries] to show human face of the hunt falls at the very first hurdle .

Government sources denied there were any deliberate attempts at a cover-up .
government sources denied there were any deliberate [tries] at a cover-up .

Professor Anthony Cordesman , a key adviser to President Bush , said : ‘ Parts made by Matrix Churchill and sent to Iraq contributed towards attempts by Baghdad to build a nuclear weapon .
professor anthony cordesman , a key adviser to president bush , said : ‘ parts made by matrix churchill and sent to iraq contributed towards [tries] by baghdad to build a nuclear weapon .

The attempts to improve the performances of nationalised industries were not allowed to run their course , because in the 1970s governments of both major parties used nationalised industries in order to achieve wider macroeconomic targets .
the [tries] to improve the performances of nationalised industries were not allowed to run their course , because in the 1970s governments of both major parties used nationalised industries in order to achieve wider macroeconomic targets .

After unsuccessful attempts to merge or collaborate with Renault and certain other European manufacturers in 1978–9 , Leyland announced proposals to collaborate with Honda in 1979 .
after unsuccessful [tries] to merge or collaborate with renault and certain other european manufacturers in 1978–9 , leyland announced proposals to collaborate with honda in 1979 .

Consideration is given in subsequent chapters to aspects of poverty , to health and to housing ( Chapters 6 , 7 and 8 respectively ) , but this chapter deals with the social security system and attempts to reform it .
consideration is given in subsequent chapters to aspects of poverty , to health and to housing ( chapters 6 , 7 and 8 respectively ) , but this chapter deals with the social security system and [tries] to reform it .

However , the attempts to improve the position of the tenant have interfered with the market mechanism , which has led to a decline in the supply of accommodation on offer .
however , the [tries] to improve the position of the tenant have interfered with the market mechanism , which has led to a decline in the supply of accommodation on offer .

However , despite attempts to curb the spending power of various councils by rate-capping , local authority finances remained a thorn in the flesh of the government .
however , despite [tries] to curb the spending power of various councils by rate-capping , local authority finances remained a thorn in the flesh of the government .

In April 1961 , when making recordings on the Carlisle-Edinburgh ‘ Waverley ’ route that has made a niche in the hearts of so many railway enthusiasts , Peter Handford had spent the day on Whitrope summit , but had eventually abandoned attempts at recording because of the unfavourable direction of the wind .
in april 1961 , when making recordings on the carlisle-edinburgh ‘ waverley ’ route that has made a niche in the hearts of so many railway enthusiasts , peter handford had spent the day on whitrope summit , but had eventually abandoned [tries] at recording because of the unfavourable direction of the wind .

Attempts were made at frequent intervals to contact Mr Clark without success .
[tries] were made at frequent intervals to contact mr clark without success .

The trouble was that the land belonged to a family who lived in London and owned parcels of land all over the country and had so far resisted all attempts to relinquish this innocuous piece of British soil .
the trouble was that the land belonged to a family who lived in london and owned parcels of land all over the country and had so far resisted all [tries] to relinquish this innocuous piece of british soil .

In spite of many attempts to allay fears and promotion of the normal working conditions by the railway authorities , signal boxes are rather emotive places and one does n't have to have a very fertile imagination to get into the feeling of unease and expectancy .
in spite of many [tries] to allay fears and promotion of the normal working conditions by the railway authorities , signal boxes are rather emotive places and one does n't have to have a very fertile imagination to get into the feeling of unease and expectancy .

It was a very sound brick structure and had been built about 1868 but it had the notorious reputation of being called ‘ Lover 's Leap ’ , no doubt due to the fact that several suicide attempts had been made from its high parapet , most of them fatal .
it was a very sound brick structure and had been built about 1868 but it had the notorious reputation of being called ‘ lover 's leap ’ , no doubt due to the fact that several suicide [tries] had been made from its high parapet , most of them fatal .

Suffice it to say that all attempts to evict Dicky from his rightful home have met with considerable misfortune , and disturbance of such a nature that he has quickly been restored to his home .
suffice it to say that all [tries] to evict dicky from his rightful home have met with considerable misfortune , and disturbance of such a nature that he has quickly been restored to his home .

The lovers ' attempts to escape are frustrated , but the opera ends happily since the Pasha decides that magnanimity is the best course and releases all of them .
the lovers ' [tries] to escape are frustrated , but the opera ends happily since the pasha decides that magnanimity is the best course and releases all of them .

Deuterium is the most commonly used fuel in attempts to create controlled fusion and the two chemists believed that once the deuterium was crammed inside the palladium within their test tube , the nuclei of the deuterium atoms would undergo nuclear fusion generating heat and either being transformed — as in all nuclear reactions — into new elements like helium or being shattered into their constituent parts , such as protons and neutrons .
deuterium is the most commonly used fuel in [tries] to create controlled fusion and the two chemists believed that once the deuterium was crammed inside the palladium within their test tube , the nuclei of the deuterium atoms would undergo nuclear fusion generating heat and either being transformed — as in all nuclear reactions — into new elements like helium or being shattered into their constituent parts , such as protons and neutrons .

These neutron and tritium production processes occur about 50:50 and modern attempts to generate useful energy in fusion experiments have tended to use beams of deuterons for which these are the fusion products .
these neutron and tritium production processes occur about 50:50 and modern [tries] to generate useful energy in fusion experiments have tended to use beams of deuterons for which these are the fusion products .

The former , the world of the tokamaks — particle beams — and mega dollar budgets , may be termed ‘ hot fusion ’ ; the latter attempts to generate fusion at room temperature are known as ‘ cold fusion ’ .
the former , the world of the tokamaks — particle beams — and mega dollar budgets , may be termed ‘ hot fusion ’ ; the latter [tries] to generate fusion at room temperature are known as ‘ cold fusion ’ .

One of the basic principles behind these attempts to achieve thermonuclear fusion in tokamaks was discovered inadvertently and in an unrelated context as long ago as 1905 .
one of the basic principles behind these [tries] to achieve thermonuclear fusion in tokamaks was discovered inadvertently and in an unrelated context as long ago as 1905 .

Meanwhile Palmer was experimenting with different electrolytes-acids and alkalis that carry the current through the cell — including sodium hydroxide , sulphuric acid and traces of other impurities in attempts to mimic the elemental make-up of seawater in the presence of minerals .
meanwhile palmer was experimenting with different electrolytes-acids and alkalis that carry the current through the cell — including sodium hydroxide , sulphuric acid and traces of other impurities in [tries] to mimic the elemental make-up of seawater in the presence of minerals .

There are other , less well publicised reasons for interest in attempts to make metallic hydrogen and in the hydrogen-palladium experiments which bear on some subsequent responses to Fleischmann and Pons ' work .
there are other , less well publicised reasons for interest in [tries] to make metallic hydrogen and in the hydrogen-palladium experiments which bear on some subsequent responses to fleischmann and pons ' work .

Fleischmann has been particularly worried about possible strategic implications of their research , believing that much of the negative reactions to it are prejudiced by this and that national security interests have orchestrated attempts to suppress or trash their work .
fleischmann has been particularly worried about possible strategic implications of their research , believing that much of the negative reactions to it are prejudiced by this and that national security interests have orchestrated [tries] to suppress or trash their work .

First attempts
first [tries]

Canberra Raiders lead the chase for Hull 's powerful 14-stone winger , who landed six goals from as many attempts in Britain 's 33–10 second Test triumph in Melbourne in the summer .
canberra raiders lead the chase for hull 's powerful 14-stone winger , who landed six goals from as many [tries] in britain 's 33–10 second test triumph in melbourne in the summer .

However , three similar attempts have already failed in the Commons .
however , three similar [tries] have already failed in the commons .

Eubank resisted attempts to be draw on whether he resented the prospect of some of his taxes going into another property , the repair of Windsor Castle .
eubank resisted [tries] to be draw on whether he resented the prospect of some of his taxes going into another property , the repair of windsor castle .

Tomorrow Eubank expects to attract a reasonable crowd to Manchester to watch him floor another no-hoper , Juan Carlos Giminez of Paraguay , as he doggedly attempts to squeeze the last pound from his slight talent .
tomorrow eubank expects to attract a reasonable crowd to manchester to watch him floor another no-hoper , juan carlos giminez of paraguay , as he doggedly [tries] to squeeze the last pound from his slight talent .

The Sheffield Wednesday manager is still furious over Manchester United 's public attempts to sign striker David Hirst .
the sheffield wednesday manager is still furious over manchester united 's public [tries] to sign striker david hirst .

Francis has had to fight to keep Hirst — and believes there will be many more attempts to sign the England striker .
francis has had to fight to keep hirst — and believes there will be many more [tries] to sign the england striker .

But Aston 's two goals from seven attempts proved costly .
but aston 's two goals from seven [tries] proved costly .

He was consumed by indignation that there had been so many attempts to swindle his country in its attempts to gain arms to protect itself from the aggression of Iraq .
he was consumed by indignation that there had been so many [tries] to swindle his country in its [tries] to gain arms to protect itself from the aggression of iraq .

Attempts to find him by a local Hezbollah cell had failed .
[tries] to find him by a local hezbollah cell had failed .

Their attempts at lovemaking dwindled to the point of non-existence , until there was an unspoken agreement not to try any more .
their [tries] at lovemaking dwindled to the point of non-existence , until there was an unspoken agreement not to try any more .

The carefully leaked revelations about her battle with the binge-eating disease bulimia nervosa and her suicide attempts had caused her husband 's friends to hit back .
the carefully leaked revelations about her battle with the binge-eating disease bulimia nervosa and her suicide [tries] had caused her husband 's friends to hit back .

Diana drafted her reply carefully and made several attempts at matching the frosty tone which Philip had used in his .
diana drafted her reply carefully and made several [tries] at matching the frosty tone which philip had used in his .

There have been attempts to attach the origin to certain famous men called Runcie — not least of all the grandfather of the former Archbishop of Canterbury .
there have been [tries] to attach the origin to certain famous men called runcie — not least of all the grandfather of the former archbishop of canterbury .

The new story centres on the attempts of Scarlett 's grandfather , hopefully to be portrayed by Sean Connery , to get Rhett Butler and Scarlett together .
the new story centres on the [tries] of scarlett 's grandfather , hopefully to be portrayed by sean connery , to get rhett butler and scarlett together .

Taniguchi Tomoto , played with fiendish note by Tomoto Taguchi , attempts to lead a quiet , uneventful life in downtown Tokyo with his wife and young son .
taniguchi tomoto , played with fiendish note by tomoto taguchi , [tries] to lead a quiet , uneventful life in downtown tokyo with his wife and young son .

Such a hypothesis attempts to describe a whole person , and not to separate certain aspects of an individual 's life for special attention .
such a hypothesis [tries] to describe a whole person , and not to separate certain aspects of an individual 's life for special attention .

The process of confirmation and clarification attempts to solve both problems .
the process of confirmation and clarification [tries] to solve both problems .

It is often tempting to do so , especially when problem attitudes and behaviour begin to frustrate our attempts to obtain mutually beneficial change .
it is often tempting to do so , especially when problem attitudes and behaviour begin to frustrate our [tries] to obtain mutually beneficial change .

The counsellor constructs a working hypothesis which attempts to see meaning and connections in the counsellee 's social performance .
the counsellor constructs a working hypothesis which [tries] to see meaning and connections in the counsellee 's social performance .

Attempts to help people in distress are less successful when treated in isolation from the social context in which they live .
[tries] to help people in distress are less successful when treated in isolation from the social context in which they live .

Reframing procedures are attempts to place family problems in another , more manageable , context .
reframing procedures are [tries] to place family problems in another , more manageable , context .

For her it became a cloying and pallid countryside , tamed and weakened by man 's attempts to prettify nature but , in 1947 , she thought it the pleasantest spot in the world and she was delighted to be there .
for her it became a cloying and pallid countryside , tamed and weakened by man 's [tries] to prettify nature but , in 1947 , she thought it the pleasantest spot in the world and she was delighted to be there .

The attempts made in a developing country to promote this treatment are described .
the [tries] made in a developing country to promote this treatment are described .

Reasons for the successes and failures of these attempts are discussed in the light of the principle that in order for a treatment to be widely used , it must be inexpensive , freely available and acceptable to the population that it is designed to help .
reasons for the successes and failures of these [tries] are discussed in the light of the principle that in order for a treatment to be widely used , it must be inexpensive , freely available and acceptable to the population that it is designed to help .

If you feel this makes your first attempts at pressed flower pictures rather too complicated , you can begin working with a simple picture arranged on a plain cream card and make your designs more ambitious each time .
if you feel this makes your first [tries] at pressed flower pictures rather too complicated , you can begin working with a simple picture arranged on a plain cream card and make your designs more ambitious each time .

Diana 's pinched expression and deliberate attempts to avoid her husband 's penetrating gaze demonstrate her determination to shut herself off from him .
diana 's pinched expression and deliberate [tries] to avoid her husband 's penetrating gaze demonstrate her determination to shut herself off from him .

In them Luke attempts to summarise the whole life and work of Jesus .
in them luke [tries] to summarise the whole life and work of jesus .

After having to make three attempts to turn the huge pantechnicon into our lane , they finally succeeded .
after having to make three [tries] to turn the huge pantechnicon into our lane , they finally succeeded .

We waited , sitting on the long benches in the out-patients ' waiting-room , Nigel staring straight ahead in what seemed an almost catatonic trance and ignoring any of my attempts at conversation .
we waited , sitting on the long benches in the out-patients ' waiting-room , nigel staring straight ahead in what seemed an almost catatonic trance and ignoring any of my [tries] at conversation .

After a pub lunch we did a bit outside the car-park mortuary and then settled down with the telephone to record some attempts to buy a coffin , one of which resulted in agreement , which was the last thing we needed at the time , although it came in very handy later .
after a pub lunch we did a bit outside the car-park mortuary and then settled down with the telephone to record some [tries] to buy a coffin , one of which resulted in agreement , which was the last thing we needed at the time , although it came in very handy later .

Philip Snowden , who had been a harder-line pacifist during the war than the more pragmatic Macdonald , was now Labour 's Chancellor , and he stood like a rock against all attempts to introduce new economic thinking .
philip snowden , who had been a harder-line pacifist during the war than the more pragmatic macdonald , was now labour 's chancellor , and he stood like a rock against all [tries] to introduce new economic thinking .

The collapse of post-war attempts to reconstruct the world economy in 1929–31 opened the way for a new wave of economic nationalism in Britain .
the collapse of post-war [tries] to reconstruct the world economy in 1929–31 opened the way for a new wave of economic nationalism in britain .

It is worth pausing for a moment to examine the nature of this sentiment since , more than any other factor , it explains why all attempts to build a mass peace movement , both during and after the war , were to fail .
it is worth pausing for a moment to examine the nature of this sentiment since , more than any other factor , it explains why all [tries] to build a mass peace movement , both during and after the war , were to fail .

It belongs to a tradition of tactical independent electoralism alongside the post-Munich Popular Front candidacies of 1938 and the attempts to put up independent anti-nuclear candidates in the 1950s and 1960s .
it belongs to a tradition of tactical independent electoralism alongside the post-munich popular front candidacies of 1938 and the [tries] to put up independent anti-nuclear candidates in the 1950s and 1960s .

The history of the attempts to prevent cracks spreading or to evade the consequences , is almost the history of engineering .
the history of the [tries] to prevent cracks spreading or to evade the consequences , is almost the history of engineering .

like Algernon 's attempts to clear up his acne with Colgate instead of Clearasil
like algernon 's [tries] to clear up his acne with colgate instead of clearasil

Four other suicide attempts , including slashing her wrists with a razor blade , were also detailed .
four other suicide [tries] , including slashing her wrists with a razor blade , were also detailed .

Instead , there will be attempts to paper over the chasms and put on a united front for the sake of appearances .
instead , there will be [tries] to paper over the chasms and put on a united front for the sake of appearances .

You also ca n't help noticing that attempts to drag the Royal Family into the 20th Century have failed as badly as attempts to do the same for this other great British anachronism .
you also ca n't help noticing that [tries] to drag the royal family into the 20th century have failed as badly as [tries] to do the same for this other great british anachronism .

Evelyn Couch — the marvellous Kathy Bates of Misery fame — is a tubby chocolate-addicted housewife whose attempts at domestic bliss are largely ignored by her slob of a husband .
evelyn couch — the marvellous kathy bates of misery fame — is a tubby chocolate-addicted housewife whose [tries] at domestic bliss are largely ignored by her slob of a husband .

The latest jobless figures show that even if the Chancellor 's attempts to revive the economy are working , too many of the British people still are not .
the latest jobless figures show that even if the chancellor 's [tries] to revive the economy are working , too many of the british people still are not .

The movie attempts to take off when Chaplin receives the call to an embryonic Hollywood and is asked to join the new studio of Mack Sennett ( Dan Aykroyd ) where he quickly attains superstar status .
the movie [tries] to take off when chaplin receives the call to an embryonic hollywood and is asked to join the new studio of mack sennett ( dan aykroyd ) where he quickly attains superstar status .

This time Wayans , a pleasing enough individual with a huge , flashing smile , attempts to carry a movie on his own .
this time wayans , a pleasing enough individual with a huge , flashing smile , [tries] to carry a movie on his own .

While the rest of the card world attempts to move on by using humour or Snoopy dogs to sell us the festive season , charity Christmas cards remain as old-fashioned , tedious and unimaginative as they have always been .
while the rest of the card world [tries] to move on by using humour or snoopy dogs to sell us the festive season , charity christmas cards remain as old-fashioned , tedious and unimaginative as they have always been .

Their agility gives them the edge , not so much in dispossessing an attacker but in evading attempts to win back the ball and in creating time and space for passing and regenerating their own offence .
their agility gives them the edge , not so much in dispossessing an attacker but in evading [tries] to win back the ball and in creating time and space for passing and regenerating their own offence .

Despite McMahon 's attempts to intimidate him , Ince continued to be the motivating force for United , whose dominance culminated in Hughes 's brilliant strike .
despite mcmahon 's [tries] to intimidate him , ince continued to be the motivating force for united , whose dominance culminated in hughes 's brilliant strike .

And , although Steve Smith Eccles partnered Halkopous to a smooth victory at Newcastle , trainer Mark Tompkins yesterday confirmed that Maguire will be on board when Halkopous attempts to further his reputation in the Irish Champion at Leopardstown in January and at the Festival .
and , although steve smith eccles partnered halkopous to a smooth victory at newcastle , trainer mark tompkins yesterday confirmed that maguire will be on board when halkopous [tries] to further his reputation in the irish champion at leopardstown in january and at the festival .

The champions have yet to win away from home in nine League attempts this season and their only victories at Palace were in 1921 and 1981 .
the champions have yet to win away from home in nine league [tries] this season and their only victories at palace were in 1921 and 1981 .

Attempts to make locomotives work harder and to get more miles per shift out of drivers proved frustrating .
[tries] to make locomotives work harder and to get more miles per shift out of drivers proved frustrating .

And the University of Tokyo has already succeeded in developing a practical self-repairing photocopier — good news for anyone who is frequently frustrated in their attempts to use one .
and the university of tokyo has already succeeded in developing a practical self-repairing photocopier — good news for anyone who is frequently frustrated in their [tries] to use one .

We need the Government to be assiduous in its attempts to eliminate the obstacles that hinder companies ' ability to compete effectively in the international environment .
we need the government to be assiduous in its [tries] to eliminate the obstacles that hinder companies ' ability to compete effectively in the international environment .

Since then , there have been several attempts to persuade Government to relax the statutory requirements but these have failed , largely because of opposition from the Inland Revenue and the Treasury .
since then , there have been several [tries] to persuade government to relax the statutory requirements but these have failed , largely because of opposition from the inland revenue and the treasury .

Attempts to improve auditing standards for the financial services sector
[tries] to improve auditing standards for the financial services sector

They show in particular how accountants came to feel frustrated by their attempts to set standards within what they saw as an unhelpful legal environment .
they show in particular how accountants came to feel frustrated by their [tries] to set standards within what they saw as an unhelpful legal environment .

The Australian Aborigines did not develop a system of writing their own language and the written attempts to spell the words phonetically are the work of Europeans , missionaries or Aboriginals trained by Europeans .
the australian aborigines did not develop a system of writing their own language and the written [tries] to spell the words phonetically are the work of europeans , missionaries or aboriginals trained by europeans .

It was this default in thinking that rendered the famed experiments of Michelson and Morley during the 1880s null attempts to prove its existence .
it was this default in thinking that rendered the famed experiments of michelson and morley during the 1880s null [tries] to prove its existence .

Ultimately the individual attempts to attain maturity or mature dependence on other objects in the environment .
ultimately the individual [tries] to attain maturity or mature dependence on other objects in the environment .

It is a metaphor which attempts to create a reality of organization whereby cooperation is mobilised for fight with the outside world .
it is a metaphor which [tries] to create a reality of organization whereby cooperation is mobilised for fight with the outside world .

In an effort to regain equilibrium in the enterprise there are attempts to negotiate a settlement .
in an effort to regain equilibrium in the enterprise there are [tries] to negotiate a settlement .

Subsequently , there have been attempts to bring together man in relation to his work .
subsequently , there have been [tries] to bring together man in relation to his work .

The diversity of crime accounts for the unconvincing nature of attempts to explain it by all-encompassing theories .
the diversity of crime accounts for the unconvincing nature of [tries] to explain it by all-encompassing theories .

Attempts were made to improve the public image of the police .
[tries] were made to improve the public image of the police .

Official attempts in the late nineteenth and early twentieth centuries to reform and strengthen the police duties of headmen were carried out at a time when the overall influence of headmen was on the wane .
official [tries] in the late nineteenth and early twentieth centuries to reform and strengthen the police duties of headmen were carried out at a time when the overall influence of headmen was on the wane .

Some of these reservations about juries were shared by other officials , but the local bar would have objected strenuously to attempts to abolish or restrict the jury system .
some of these reservations about juries were shared by other officials , but the local bar would have objected strenuously to [tries] to abolish or restrict the jury system .

Administrative attempts to counter cattle stealing were generally ineffective in the nineteenth century , but the crime was not common everywhere .
administrative [tries] to counter cattle stealing were generally ineffective in the nineteenth century , but the crime was not common everywhere .

It reacted to the crime , and its attempts to suppress it succeeded only in forcing cattle stealers to adjust to administrative policies .
it reacted to the crime , and its [tries] to suppress it succeeded only in forcing cattle stealers to adjust to administrative policies .

The argument of this chapter bears a superficial resemblance to familiar attempts to base morality on the claim that human beings are naturally unselfish and behave egotistically only out of ignorance .
the argument of this chapter bears a superficial resemblance to familiar [tries] to base morality on the claim that human beings are naturally unselfish and behave egotistically only out of ignorance .

Hence Lapasset 's risible attempts to silence the English choirs .
hence lapasset 's risible [tries] to silence the english choirs .

Education , training and skills development is another way in which the government attempts to meet demands for labour .
education , training and skills development is another way in which the government [tries] to meet demands for labour .

Stress-induced mental problems can be abrupt and dramatic ; they include suicide attempts , irrational or violent behaviour , and the full-blown ‘ nervous breakdown ’ in which a person 's thoughts and behaviour become sufficiently deranged to merit admission to a psychiatric hospital .
stress-induced mental problems can be abrupt and dramatic ; they include suicide [tries] , irrational or violent behaviour , and the full-blown ‘ nervous breakdown ’ in which a person 's thoughts and behaviour become sufficiently deranged to merit admission to a psychiatric hospital .

In 1988 Gil Guilemette , of Montreal , was charged with ‘ criminal mischief and loitering ’ in his attempts to meet her .
in 1988 gil guilemette , of montreal , was charged with ‘ criminal mischief and loitering ’ in his [tries] to meet her .

Both Simon and Bladud have fatal attempts at flight , black magic and heresy in common , and it is easy to see that the two stories could have become confused .
both simon and bladud have fatal [tries] at flight , black magic and heresy in common , and it is easy to see that the two stories could have become confused .

Mind you , England should have been home and clear before that , but poor Barnes , the man who had won the Cup final at Twickenham with a last-minute magical goal kick , could not get a goal from eight attempts in the first half .
mind you , england should have been home and clear before that , but poor barnes , the man who had won the cup final at twickenham with a last-minute magical goal kick , could not get a goal from eight [tries] in the first half .

The truth is that the liberties he wanted to take simply disrupted his attempts to produce marketable drawings for Theo , and for his connections in The Hague ( such as his Uncle Cor ) .
the truth is that the liberties he wanted to take simply disrupted his [tries] to produce marketable drawings for theo , and for his connections in the hague ( such as his uncle cor ) .

It makes more sense to enquire into his attempts to reform this woman , and then to glorify her and her child in a whole series of marvellous drawings , than to establish a dubious fatherhood he in any case assumed at the outset , emotionally and spiritually and with the utmost delight .
it makes more sense to enquire into his [tries] to reform this woman , and then to glorify her and her child in a whole series of marvellous drawings , than to establish a dubious fatherhood he in any case assumed at the outset , emotionally and spiritually and with the utmost delight .

This is why parents who keep rushing in , trying to alleviate their teenager 's suffering , can actually set him back in his attempts to recover .
this is why parents who keep rushing in , trying to alleviate their teenager 's suffering , can actually set him back in his [tries] to recover .

‘ The issues raised are so important and fundamental that an effective response is required by the auditing profession , rather than merely attempts to justify the status quo . ’
‘ the issues raised are so important and fundamental that an effective response is required by the auditing profession , rather than merely [tries] to justify the status quo . ’

Wherever possible the Institute attempts to keep the amount of correspondence to a minimum .
wherever possible the institute [tries] to keep the amount of correspondence to a minimum .

What my analysis suggests is that the denials of professional responsibility , and the attempts to limit the economic consequences of being professionals , are not very convincing to a public that can observe auditors in a position of power dominated by economic self-interest .
what my analysis suggests is that the denials of professional responsibility , and the [tries] to limit the economic consequences of being professionals , are not very convincing to a public that can observe auditors in a position of power dominated by economic self-interest .

The early hundreds often lacked the formality of later attempts at local government : frequently they met in the open , at a convenient central spot , perhaps marked by a tree , as at Easebourne .
the early hundreds often lacked the formality of later [tries] at local government : frequently they met in the open , at a convenient central spot , perhaps marked by a tree , as at easebourne .

Royal attempts , such as Ine 's in the seventh century or Edgar 's in the tenth , to promulgate codes could only meet with success where local practices were not too obviously threatened .
royal [tries] , such as ine 's in the seventh century or edgar 's in the tenth , to promulgate codes could only meet with success where local practices were not too obviously threatened .

The first onslaught came with the ambitious attempts of Cardinal Wolsey to found his new Oxford college , financed from the seizure of the property of smaller monasteries and convents .
the first onslaught came with the ambitious [tries] of cardinal wolsey to found his new oxford college , financed from the seizure of the property of smaller monasteries and convents .

Although the port prospered in part , particularly as a base for privateering depredations on foreign ships , the dues which might have increased the town 's wealth were hard to collect , and attempts to extend port rights over much of the coastal plain met with little success .
although the port prospered in part , particularly as a base for privateering depredations on foreign ships , the dues which might have increased the town 's wealth were hard to collect , and [tries] to extend port rights over much of the coastal plain met with little success .

Part of the Webster ruin was brought about by the fifth baronet 's attempts to reroof many of the derelict Battle Abbey buildings in 1812 — 13 .
part of the webster ruin was brought about by the fifth baronet 's [tries] to reroof many of the derelict battle abbey buildings in 1812 — 13 .

To accommodate the former a whole range of speculative buildings appeared , largely the product of individual estimates of need and attempts at a quick profit .
to accommodate the former a whole range of speculative buildings appeared , largely the product of individual estimates of need and [tries] at a quick profit .

Its available agricultural land , the Tenantry Laines spread out along the downland valleys , was largely in the form of scattered individual strips and , although attempts were made to consolidate holdings in the 1780s , these were still on a small scale .
its available agricultural land , the tenantry laines spread out along the downland valleys , was largely in the form of scattered individual strips and , although [tries] were made to consolidate holdings in the 1780s , these were still on a small scale .

Only in the latter days of the town 's life as a centre of county magnificence were any real attempts made to establish an overall urban form and both resulted in failure , at least as financial ventures .
only in the latter days of the town 's life as a centre of county magnificence were any real [tries] made to establish an overall urban form and both resulted in failure , at least as financial ventures .

It was built successfully but two attempts to emulate and balance it soon ran into difficulties .
it was built successfully but two [tries] to emulate and balance it soon ran into difficulties .

Elsewhere in Sussex other attempts were made at resort development , not so much to provide rivals but to offer alternatives to those who preferred either greater seclusion or a more systematic consideration of health .
elsewhere in sussex other [tries] were made at resort development , not so much to provide rivals but to offer alternatives to those who preferred either greater seclusion or a more systematic consideration of health .

The next few years saw a number of sporadic attempts by the gentry to defuse the situation , with a limited provision of allotments to enhance the self-sufficiency of the more respectable labourers .
the next few years saw a number of sporadic [tries] by the gentry to defuse the situation , with a limited provision of allotments to enhance the self-sufficiency of the more respectable labourers .

Frenzied attempts to work off the festive flab can lead to muscle and tendon injuries as people try to do too much too quickly .
frenzied [tries] to work off the festive flab can lead to muscle and tendon injuries as people try to do too much too quickly .

He filmed one incident where workers made more than 200 attempts to take blood samples from the legs of a monkey .
he filmed one incident where workers made more than 200 [tries] to take blood samples from the legs of a monkey .

Talks have been going on for weeks over the future of the Royal marriage , but despite repeated attempts to save it , the Queen finally decided it was all over on Tuesday afternoon .
talks have been going on for weeks over the future of the royal marriage , but despite repeated [tries] to save it , the queen finally decided it was all over on tuesday afternoon .

’ Gilbey was the man Diana trusted to reveal sympathetically her suicide attempts and her disastrously unhappy marriage .
’ gilbey was the man diana trusted to reveal sympathetically her suicide [tries] and her disastrously unhappy marriage .

What they all have in common is that they are all attempts to go beyond appearances .
what they all have in common is that they are all [tries] to go beyond appearances .

Repeated unsuccessful attempts to cut down , and not feeling drunk even after a large quantity of alcohol , are other warning signs .
repeated unsuccessful [tries] to cut down , and not feeling drunk even after a large quantity of alcohol , are other warning signs .

DoH attempts to secrecy only added to the mystique and it was n't long before the Support Force and Butler collected an array of nicknames with the £hit-squad ’ being the most polite .
doh [tries] to secrecy only added to the mystique and it was n't long before the support force and butler collected an array of nicknames with the £hit-squad ’ being the most polite .

About seventy-three per cent of the island is covered by glaciers , ice-caps or barren lava fields , and man 's attempts at cultivating and utilising the land are confined to low-lying deltas or river valleys near the sea .
about seventy-three per cent of the island is covered by glaciers , ice-caps or barren lava fields , and man 's [tries] at cultivating and utilising the land are confined to low-lying deltas or river valleys near the sea .

The equinoctial gales make a couple of attempts to scare us , but like an old Shetland pony we turn our backs to the wind and stick it out .
the equinoctial gales make a couple of [tries] to scare us , but like an old shetland pony we turn our backs to the wind and stick it out .

Subsequent attempts to model this in terms of winds driven by Alfvén waves met with limited success , but interest is now developing in a theoretical approach involving reflection of Alfvén waves .
subsequent [tries] to model this in terms of winds driven by alfvén waves met with limited success , but interest is now developing in a theoretical approach involving reflection of alfvén waves .

Interesting future directions of study might be attempts to understand the varied locomotory adaptations of agnathans which show different development of paired and median fins .
interesting future directions of study might be [tries] to understand the varied locomotory adaptations of agnathans which show different development of paired and median fins .

Attempts r3,20,21 to determine from eyewitness reports typically give shallow trajectories , in the range 5–17° .
[tries] r3,20,21 to determine from eyewitness reports typically give shallow trajectories , in the range 5–17° .

Such low inclinations are inconsistent with attempts to simulate the treefall pattern at the Tunguska site .
such low inclinations are inconsistent with [tries] to simulate the treefall pattern at the tunguska site .

Previous in vitro attempts to investigate the role of thymic stromal cells in T-cell development have been hampered by the limited ability of monolayer cultures to support a full programme of T-cell maturation and by the difficulty of obtaining cultures of thymic epithelial cells that maintain their in vivo phenotype .
previous in vitro [tries] to investigate the role of thymic stromal cells in t-cell development have been hampered by the limited ability of monolayer cultures to support a full programme of t-cell maturation and by the difficulty of obtaining cultures of thymic epithelial cells that maintain their in vivo phenotype .

Optimality theory has been successful in explaining diversity in life-history traits such as age of first breeding , number of breeding attempts and number of offspring produced at each .
optimality theory has been successful in explaining diversity in life-history traits such as age of first breeding , number of breeding [tries] and number of offspring produced at each .

More concretely , Mr Redwood blocked attempts by Kenneth Clarke , the home secretary , to strip police authorities of their local-government representatives .
more concretely , mr redwood blocked [tries] by kenneth clarke , the home secretary , to strip police authorities of their local-government representatives .

While it attempts to mop up most of South America 's carriers , Iberia is also expanding north of the border .
while it [tries] to mop up most of south america 's carriers , iberia is also expanding north of the border .

The referendum suggested that most Russians will not tolerate attempts to recreate the past .
the referendum suggested that most russians will not tolerate [tries] to recreate the past .

Section by section it was being revised in the commissions and then approved during the general congregations — despite last-minute attempts to modify it to contain an explicit condemnation of communism .
section by section it was being revised in the commissions and then approved during the general congregations — despite last-minute [tries] to modify it to contain an explicit condemnation of communism .

Yet they were attempts to answer real questions , and not simply for fundamentalists .
yet they were [tries] to answer real questions , and not simply for fundamentalists .

For crimes which are ‘ attempts against the person ’ he says , ‘ the penalties … should always be corporal punishments ’ ( p. 68 ) .
for crimes which are ‘ [tries] against the person ’ he says , ‘ the penalties … should always be corporal punishments ’ ( p. 68 ) .

Needless to say Jeffery , and many others , have had little difficulty in showing how all such attempts have inevitably boiled down to the arbitrary moral predilections of the criminologists concerned .
needless to say jeffery , and many others , have had little difficulty in showing how all such [tries] have inevitably boiled down to the arbitrary moral predilections of the criminologists concerned .

Rather , it can only be explained in terms of a massive decline in the quality of conditioning of children : ‘ We live in an era of permissiveness and thus have largely abandoned all attempts to inculcate standards , values and ‘ conscience ’ into our children ’ ( ibid .
rather , it can only be explained in terms of a massive decline in the quality of conditioning of children : ‘ we live in an era of permissiveness and thus have largely abandoned all [tries] to inculcate standards , values and ‘ conscience ’ into our children ’ ( ibid .

Attempts were also made to locate revolutionary potential in the deviant activities of the varieties of working-class youth culture of the period .
[tries] were also made to locate revolutionary potential in the deviant activities of the varieties of working-class youth culture of the period .

There have also been attempts to promote more humane-looking alternatives such as restitution and reconciliation ( for example , Wright , 1982 ) .
there have also been [tries] to promote more humane-looking alternatives such as restitution and reconciliation ( for example , wright , 1982 ) .

In these attempts to specify human needs two problems dominate : validating the particular ‘ needs ’ that are specified , and establishing their universality .
in these [tries] to specify human needs two problems dominate : validating the particular ‘ needs ’ that are specified , and establishing their universality .

Three Birmingham children 's homes are to close as the council attempts to bolster its foster service .
three birmingham children 's homes are to close as the council [tries] to bolster its foster service .

The Italian movement for democratic psychiatry proved so attractive and drew such European interest purely because in its attempts to place services fairly and squarely in the community it acknowledged that it was essential to involve not just health and social services , but also employment , leisure , housing , the trade union movement , and the whole panoply of services .
the italian movement for democratic psychiatry proved so attractive and drew such european interest purely because in its [tries] to place services fairly and squarely in the community it acknowledged that it was essential to involve not just health and social services , but also employment , leisure , housing , the trade union movement , and the whole panoply of services .

The assassin had made two attempts upon her life .
the assassin had made two [tries] upon her life .

Mino Martinazzoli , the leader of the Christian Democrats , has seen his leadership challenged by parliamentary deputies and , despite his attempts to clean the party up , faces the possibility that impatient reformers will quit .
mino martinazzoli , the leader of the christian democrats , has seen his leadership challenged by parliamentary deputies and , despite his [tries] to clean the party up , faces the possibility that impatient reformers will quit .

( The government feared that Russia 's rampant inflation would make repeated attempts to fix asset prices so clumsy that privatisation could be postponed indefinitely . )
( the government feared that russia 's rampant inflation would make repeated [tries] to fix asset prices so clumsy that privatisation could be postponed indefinitely . )

Attempts have been made to distinguish the two forms by close reading of ‘ groups ’ or ‘ sequences ’ within the collection , but such attempts either to arrange the order of the 1609 Quarto into some new scheme , or to read a consistent development within it are equally misguided .
[tries] have been made to distinguish the two forms by close reading of ‘ groups ’ or ‘ sequences ’ within the collection , but such [tries] either to arrange the order of the 1609 quarto into some new scheme , or to read a consistent development within it are equally misguided .

It is a form of brainwashing , or what that pioneer in the study of learning processes , Gregory Bateson , called corrective learning , that information-seeking activity whereby a person attempts to ‘ achieve a congruence between ‘ something in his head ’ and the external world … by altering what is in his head ’ — only in this case it is what is in Iago 's head , ‘ If thou dost love me ’ , Othello says to Iago , ‘ Show me thy thought ’ ; earlier he had said that Iago hesitated .
it is a form of brainwashing , or what that pioneer in the study of learning processes , gregory bateson , called corrective learning , that information-seeking activity whereby a person [tries] to ‘ achieve a congruence between ‘ something in his head ’ and the external world … by altering what is in his head ’ — only in this case it is what is in iago 's head , ‘ if thou dost love me ’ , othello says to iago , ‘ show me thy thought ’ ; earlier he had said that iago hesitated .

To her , as to Edmund , the question of legitimacy is a nuisance to be subverted : When Goneril 's ‘ trusty servant ’ , Oswald , bears a letter from her to Edmund , Regan attempts to corrupt him into giving it to her ( IV.v.20ff . )
to her , as to edmund , the question of legitimacy is a nuisance to be subverted : when goneril 's ‘ trusty servant ’ , oswald , bears a letter from her to edmund , regan [tries] to corrupt him into giving it to her ( iv.v.20ff . )

Even so , the industry had to cut off between 10 and 20 per cent of peak loads in these winters , despite attempts to reduce the peak demand by less drastic means .
even so , the industry had to cut off between 10 and 20 per cent of peak loads in these winters , despite [tries] to reduce the peak demand by less drastic means .

The Conservatives ' attempts to deal with it were hardly fair to the Boards , however .
the conservatives ' [tries] to deal with it were hardly fair to the boards , however .

British voters are rightly suspicious of attempts to save money in these areas .
british voters are rightly suspicious of [tries] to save money in these areas .

The Iranian policies that frighten its neighbours and the wider world are said to include the promotion of international terrorism , attempts to obstruct peace between Israel and the Arabs and a burning ambition to acquire long-range missiles and weapons of mass destruction .
the iranian policies that frighten its neighbours and the wider world are said to include the promotion of international terrorism , [tries] to obstruct peace between israel and the arabs and a burning ambition to acquire long-range missiles and weapons of mass destruction .

An article * by Andrew Stark , a professor of management at the University of Toronto , attempts to answer that question .
an article * by andrew stark , a professor of management at the university of toronto , [tries] to answer that question .

Unfortunately , Mr Mukhametshin 's past attempts at exporting have been a disaster .
unfortunately , mr mukhametshin 's past [tries] at exporting have been a disaster .

Without such formal arrangements , attempts to fix the franc 's parity against the D-mark will not be regarded as credible .
without such formal arrangements , [tries] to fix the franc 's parity against the d-mark will not be regarded as credible .

There have already been more than 50 attempts to extort money from America with nuclear threats , some frighteningly credible .
there have already been more than 50 [tries] to extort money from america with nuclear threats , some frighteningly credible .

Tizard argues that her study , together with others , suggests that attempts to restore a child to his [ or her ] natural family may not be in the best interests of the child .
tizard argues that her study , together with others , suggests that [tries] to restore a child to his [ or her ] natural family may not be in the best interests of the child .

Reactions to change have tended to involve attempts to encompass new approaches within existing frameworks of practice and thinking .
reactions to change have tended to involve [tries] to encompass new approaches within existing frameworks of practice and thinking .

We are suggesting here that normalisation , over and above these many attempts to define it coherently and carefully , is open to different interpretations in practice .
we are suggesting here that normalisation , over and above these many [tries] to define it coherently and carefully , is open to different interpretations in practice .

In exploring what this may mean for professional practice , it may be helpful to look at other attempts to reconstrue the nature of professional activity .
in exploring what this may mean for professional practice , it may be helpful to look at other [tries] to reconstrue the nature of professional activity .

Further attempts at fostering were not tried , and the residential workers saw themselves as the main people in Michael 's life .
further [tries] at fostering were not tried , and the residential workers saw themselves as the main people in michael 's life .

One attempt at fostering would not have sufficed and now , no doubt , more attempts would be made .
one attempt at fostering would not have sufficed and now , no doubt , more [tries] would be made .

The goddess had repelled at least ten attempts on her virginity , but the success of Edmund Hillary and Sherpa Tenzing in 1953 created a demand that is still not satisfied .
the goddess had repelled at least ten [tries] on her virginity , but the success of edmund hillary and sherpa tenzing in 1953 created a demand that is still not satisfied .

Daiwa suspected that something was amiss only at the beginning of this year , when it uncovered evidence that attempts had been made to forge security depositary receipts .
daiwa suspected that something was amiss only at the beginning of this year , when it uncovered evidence that [tries] had been made to forge security depositary receipts .

Since then , the Americans until now have at best ignored Ukrainian efforts to achieve real independence , and the Russians ' occasional attempts to thwart them .
since then , the americans until now have at best ignored ukrainian efforts to achieve real independence , and the russians ' occasional [tries] to thwart them .

This chapter is an account of the way they perceived attempts to develop integrated provision for under fives and the barriers in attitudes and systems which were encountered .
this chapter is an account of the way they perceived [tries] to develop integrated provision for under fives and the barriers in attitudes and systems which were encountered .

The next section describes attempts to create a clear under-fives policy .
the next section describes [tries] to create a clear under-fives policy .

There are also attempts by agencies to establish an ownership of clients .
there are also [tries] by agencies to establish an ownership of clients .

In this chapter she discusses her preconceptions and first impressions of further education , then describes her own and her students ' experience of their course and their attempts to participate with other students in the life of the college .
in this chapter she discusses her preconceptions and first impressions of further education , then describes her own and her students ' experience of their course and their [tries] to participate with other students in the life of the college .

This mechanism ended in total failure when , after lengthy and various attempts to persuade several female life preparation students to give up wearing white ankle socks in favour of tights , short socks , mostly white , suddenly became very fashionable and seemed to adorn every other pair of ankles in the building .
this mechanism ended in total failure when , after lengthy and various [tries] to persuade several female life preparation students to give up wearing white ankle socks in favour of tights , short socks , mostly white , suddenly became very fashionable and seemed to adorn every other pair of ankles in the building .

In such a mood it is inevitable that the Government 's attempts to bring about change through legislation and increased prescription will be generally felt to be yet another attack on autonomy and yet another indication of a lack of trust in teachers ' judgement and their ability to do a good job .
in such a mood it is inevitable that the government 's [tries] to bring about change through legislation and increased prescription will be generally felt to be yet another attack on autonomy and yet another indication of a lack of trust in teachers ' judgement and their ability to do a good job .

They are deliberate attempts which people can make to counteract their injunctions by asserting their opposites .
they are deliberate [tries] which people can make to counteract their injunctions by asserting their opposites .

Fortunately , these intrusive attempts to ‘ animate the imagination ’ have not governed the hanging of the remainder of the Gallery 's collection of Renaissance to Modern Western art .
fortunately , these intrusive [tries] to ‘ animate the imagination ’ have not governed the hanging of the remainder of the gallery 's collection of renaissance to modern western art .

The dramatic tour-de-force of the young Fleming is an ingenious blending of Italian influences from Giulio Romano and Tintoretto to the torso of the ‘ Laocoon ’ , which was the model for Samson , though the dramatic and extreme composition is entirely Rubens 's own , and unlike anything he attempts again .
the dramatic tour-de-force of the young fleming is an ingenious blending of italian influences from giulio romano and tintoretto to the torso of the ‘ laocoon ’ , which was the model for samson , though the dramatic and extreme composition is entirely rubens 's own , and unlike anything he [tries] again .

Despite valiant attempts to mount a large multi-media show to mark Robert Adam 's bicentenary in London and Edinburgh this year , it eventually fell to the latter city to honour the great designer with a group of exhibitions during its recent Festival .
despite valiant [tries] to mount a large multi-media show to mark robert adam 's bicentenary in london and edinburgh this year , it eventually fell to the latter city to honour the great designer with a group of exhibitions during its recent festival .

‘ Monumental Reputation ’ , arranged and researched by Iain Brown of the National Library ( following a suggestion by Alastair Rowan who has contributed a tape-slide presentation on Adam ) , is among the first attempts to explore in detail the making of an archaeological folio which changed the face of contemporary design .
‘ monumental reputation ’ , arranged and researched by iain brown of the national library ( following a suggestion by alastair rowan who has contributed a tape-slide presentation on adam ) , is among the first [tries] to explore in detail the making of an archaeological folio which changed the face of contemporary design .

Nearby , grinning like the cat who fell into a vast underground lake of cream , Paterson 's gangly 20-year-old sidekick Thrash — aka Kristian Weston — attempts communication .
nearby , grinning like the cat who fell into a vast underground lake of cream , paterson 's gangly 20-year-old sidekick thrash — aka kristian weston — [tries] communication .

However , Excess loses the plot when it attempts to trace club culture back to its black and gay roots in half-a-dozen rhyming couplets or explain the appeal of Ibiza as club nirvana through two camp characters who , one assumes , symbolise ‘ hedonism ’ .
however , excess loses the plot when it [tries] to trace club culture back to its black and gay roots in half-a-dozen rhyming couplets or explain the appeal of ibiza as club nirvana through two camp characters who , one assumes , symbolise ‘ hedonism ’ .

As guardians of its wildlife , Hong Kong 's British tenants can not be said to have done very well , though in the last ten years there have been attempts by Hong Kong conservationists to save what is left .
as guardians of its wildlife , hong kong 's british tenants can not be said to have done very well , though in the last ten years there have been [tries] by hong kong conservationists to save what is left .

Phillipson has pointed to more direct state management of retirement , in order to regulate the size of the labour force , yet the well-known attempts by the government to induce retirees back to work after the Second World War were notable for their lack of success ; the reserve army of elderly labour was highly resistant to re-enlistment .
phillipson has pointed to more direct state management of retirement , in order to regulate the size of the labour force , yet the well-known [tries] by the government to induce retirees back to work after the second world war were notable for their lack of success ; the reserve army of elderly labour was highly resistant to re-enlistment .

Britain were relegated from the World Group in 1987 after playing both Mexico and Yugoslavia away on clay and , following two unsuccessful attempts , they beat both Poland in Warsaw and Austria in Manchester last year to win back their place among the world 's top 16 tennis nations .
britain were relegated from the world group in 1987 after playing both mexico and yugoslavia away on clay and , following two unsuccessful [tries] , they beat both poland in warsaw and austria in manchester last year to win back their place among the world 's top 16 tennis nations .

Even Sam Smith 's valiant attempts to reduce the deficit came to nothing .
even sam smith 's valiant [tries] to reduce the deficit came to nothing .

The best rock attempts to make society better , even if it takes gross self-laceration to get to that point …
the best rock [tries] to make society better , even if it takes gross self-laceration to get to that point …

The exhibition also attempts a reconstruction of the ceiling decoration from Jordaens 's own house which depicted the story of Psyche and was removed in 1888 .
the exhibition also [tries] a reconstruction of the ceiling decoration from jordaens 's own house which depicted the story of psyche and was removed in 1888 .

In the future , attempts to achieve a modicum of unity would go ahead regardless of the British position .
in the future , [tries] to achieve a modicum of unity would go ahead regardless of the british position .

The Conservative Party continued the Labour practice of remaining aloof , though never actively criticising attempts at European union as long as they did not threaten what Britain conceived to be its own vital interests .
the conservative party continued the labour practice of remaining aloof , though never actively criticising [tries] at european union as long as they did not threaten what britain conceived to be its own vital interests .

In that sense Britain was not an active opponent of the new attempts at sectoral economic unification that in the early 1950s began with coal and steel .
in that sense britain was not an active opponent of the new [tries] at sectoral economic unification that in the early 1950s began with coal and steel .

All attempts to link the countries more closely together through the Council of Europe , the most appropriate body because of the wide spread of its membership , did not get very far .
all [tries] to link the countries more closely together through the council of europe , the most appropriate body because of the wide spread of its membership , did not get very far .

There are XP–59s being towed between locations with dummy propellers attached to their nose cones in attempts to make the jet look like a prop fighter .
there are xp–59s being towed between locations with dummy propellers attached to their nose cones in [tries] to make the jet look like a prop fighter .

He had been told also , in whispered confidence , that two attempts against the target had failed .
he had been told also , in whispered confidence , that two [tries] against the target had failed .

By 1794–5 democratic radicals were using public meetings against the war and domestic social crisis in such a way as to constitute in the eyes of the authorities ‘ tumultuous petitioning ’ and potentially seditious attempts to coerce parliament .
by 1794–5 democratic radicals were using public meetings against the war and domestic social crisis in such a way as to constitute in the eyes of the authorities ‘ tumultuous petitioning ’ and potentially seditious [tries] to coerce parliament .

One of the first of a long series of attempts to reconstruct the facts behind the records was undertaken by Hermann Samuel Reimarus ( 1694 — 1768 ) in his Apology for the Reasonable Worshippers of God .
one of the first of a long series of [tries] to reconstruct the facts behind the records was undertaken by hermann samuel reimarus ( 1694 — 1768 ) in his apology for the reasonable worshippers of god .

Kierkegaard thus rejects decisively and with withering scorn all attempts to present Christian faith in terms of Idealism or moral values , of historical influence and historical study , or of belonging to an established Christian church .
kierkegaard thus rejects decisively and with withering scorn all [tries] to present christian faith in terms of idealism or moral values , of historical influence and historical study , or of belonging to an established christian church .

Overall , historical ( historisch ) study of Jesus attempts to reconstruct the kind of real Jesus whom the historian , for whatever good or bad reasons of his own , thinks to be worth finding .
overall , historical ( historisch ) study of jesus [tries] to reconstruct the kind of real jesus whom the historian , for whatever good or bad reasons of his own , thinks to be worth finding .

The net result is that no religion can be ‘ absolute ’ or ‘ final ’ , and Troeltsch eventually rejected the attempts of Schleiermacher and Hegel to establish the uniqueness of Christianity in any absolutely distinctive sense .
the net result is that no religion can be ‘ absolute ’ or ‘ final ’ , and troeltsch eventually rejected the [tries] of schleiermacher and hegel to establish the uniqueness of christianity in any absolutely distinctive sense .

The effect of the case , however , was the reverse of what some of his critics had hoped for : attempts to bring similar charges against others failed , and the right and indeed duty of biblical scholars to explore these questions came to be tacitly accepted in Scotland as elsewhere .
the effect of the case , however , was the reverse of what some of his critics had hoped for : [tries] to bring similar charges against others failed , and the right and indeed duty of biblical scholars to explore these questions came to be tacitly accepted in scotland as elsewhere .

Kenotic christology of this sort did have its own internal problems : on closer examination it is not easy to understand what exactly it can mean to speak of this ‘ self-emptying ’ , and attempts to make the matter more precise tend to fade into a tangle of artificialities and contradictions .
kenotic christology of this sort did have its own internal problems : on closer examination it is not easy to understand what exactly it can mean to speak of this ‘ self-emptying ’ , and [tries] to make the matter more precise tend to fade into a tangle of artificialities and contradictions .

While there is a good deal of division of opinion both about these attempts to characterise the present situation and about what further conclusions theology should draw from it , there lies here a nexus of issues to which theologians have had to turn their attention , especially since the Second World War .
while there is a good deal of division of opinion both about these [tries] to characterise the present situation and about what further conclusions theology should draw from it , there lies here a nexus of issues to which theologians have had to turn their attention , especially since the second world war .

Early attempts to link the Pacific and Atlantic Oceans failed because so many of the workers died of malaria .
early [tries] to link the pacific and atlantic oceans failed because so many of the workers died of malaria .

There have been attempts to explore similarities in terms of historical links .
there have been [tries] to explore similarities in terms of historical links .

Attempts to measure interaction level are usually based on self-report studies , which do have methodological problems .
[tries] to measure interaction level are usually based on self-report studies , which do have methodological problems .

More recently there have been attempts to fit a transformational grammar framework to the written production of deaf children ( Ivimey , 1976 ) .
more recently there have been [tries] to fit a transformational grammar framework to the written production of deaf children ( ivimey , 1976 ) .

This may be vital for education but in adult life it can become a great barrier to deaf people 's attempts to have access to information .
this may be vital for education but in adult life it can become a great barrier to deaf people 's [tries] to have access to information .

The deaf community might well attach the label ‘ failure ’ to much of hearing society 's attempts to provide services to meet their needs .
the deaf community might well attach the label ‘ failure ’ to much of hearing society 's [tries] to provide services to meet their needs .

Over the years various attempts will have been made to insulate houses like these , but these are unlikely to match modern standards , and it will pay you to check out your existing level of insulation , with a view to improving it for the future .
over the years various [tries] will have been made to insulate houses like these , but these are unlikely to match modern standards , and it will pay you to check out your existing level of insulation , with a view to improving it for the future .

This is only a temporary solution and there have been many attempts to organise more humane working systems .
this is only a temporary solution and there have been many [tries] to organise more humane working systems .

There have been two attempts to reduce human resources to this form of measurement ( Giles and Robinson , 1972 ) .
there have been two [tries] to reduce human resources to this form of measurement ( giles and robinson , 1972 ) .

There is no agreed definition of intelligence although a century of experience has accumulated in attempts to measure it ( Friedman et al .
there is no agreed definition of intelligence although a century of experience has accumulated in [tries] to measure it ( friedman et al .

There were many attempts to devise taxonomies of learning which used particular theories as descriptive of different kinds of learning ( Melton , 1964 ) .
there were many [tries] to devise taxonomies of learning which used particular theories as descriptive of different kinds of learning ( melton , 1964 ) .

It can vary in precision from quantitative anthropometric surveys to attempts to describe the attributes of products which particular users prefer .
it can vary in precision from quantitative anthropometric surveys to [tries] to describe the attributes of products which particular users prefer .

For example ‘ brain washing ’ is a form of attitude training which attempts to change the beliefs and values acquired within a particular culture ( Biderman , 1967 ) .
for example ‘ brain washing ’ is a form of attitude training which [tries] to change the beliefs and values acquired within a particular culture ( biderman , 1967 ) .

It will also affect the manner in which the coach attempts to motivate the sportsman , the light in which he analyses his performances and tries to improve them and more basically , the very nature of his personal relationship with his protêgê .
it will also affect the manner in which the coach [tries] to motivate the sportsman , the light in which he analyses his performances and tries to improve them and more basically , the very nature of his personal relationship with his protêgê .

Before turning to the attempts to revitalize science teaching which have emerged since the early 1960s , it is important to ask the question ‘ Why did school science emerge in the way it did ?
before turning to the [tries] to revitalize science teaching which have emerged since the early 1960s , it is important to ask the question ‘ why did school science emerge in the way it did ?

Since this decision relates , in English , to what has come to be accepted as a key element in children 's potential to achieve at school , that is their linguistic competence , the English teacher has a heavier responsibility when he [ or she ] attempts to resolve it than staff concerned with other parts of the curriculum .
since this decision relates , in english , to what has come to be accepted as a key element in children 's potential to achieve at school , that is their linguistic competence , the english teacher has a heavier responsibility when he [ or she ] [tries] to resolve it than staff concerned with other parts of the curriculum .

The broad social framework underlies the specific problems which education policy attempts to tackle .
the broad social framework underlies the specific problems which education policy [tries] to tackle .

Another is Mary Seacole , the Jamaican-born nurse whose extraordinary abilities and dedication in caring for the wounded and sick during the Crimean war won her a reputation , at the time , equal to that of Florence Nightingale but who was soon forgotten , until the more recent attempts at reconstructing the history of the black presence in Britain .
another is mary seacole , the jamaican-born nurse whose extraordinary abilities and dedication in caring for the wounded and sick during the crimean war won her a reputation , at the time , equal to that of florence nightingale but who was soon forgotten , until the more recent [tries] at reconstructing the history of the black presence in britain .

Attempts to highlight and remove differing forms of sexism , sexual inequalities and discrimination in schools have led to a range of policy statements and strategies from local education authorities and individual schools .
[tries] to highlight and remove differing forms of sexism , sexual inequalities and discrimination in schools have led to a range of policy statements and strategies from local education authorities and individual schools .

But there are attempts to link educational examples with key political and economic processes in the wider society , such as the institutionalization of racism within the Nationality Acts , with the differential occupational recruitment of women and black pupils , or the lack of child care provision which limits the realistic achievement of female career options .
but there are [tries] to link educational examples with key political and economic processes in the wider society , such as the institutionalization of racism within the nationality acts , with the differential occupational recruitment of women and black pupils , or the lack of child care provision which limits the realistic achievement of female career options .

Attempts to improve occupational mobility for them may concentrate on a few professional openings where their colour is defined as an occupational advantage ( e.g .
[tries] to improve occupational mobility for them may concentrate on a few professional openings where their colour is defined as an occupational advantage ( e.g .

+10 if the adventurers have made reasoned attempts to discuss their actions with the ghosts ;
+10 if the adventurers have made reasoned [tries] to discuss their actions with the ghosts ;

’ Attempts to interrogate or reason with the door are fruitless , but may be entertaining .
’ [tries] to interrogate or reason with the door are fruitless , but may be entertaining .

The hazardous nature of any such attempts at interchangeability or piecemeal transplant forms a recurrent theme in the literature , and has become something of a commonplace .
the hazardous nature of any such [tries] at interchangeability or piecemeal transplant forms a recurrent theme in the literature , and has become something of a commonplace .

The employer sought to establish a paternalistic relationship with his workers and would not tolerate attempts by outsiders ( e.g .
the employer sought to establish a paternalistic relationship with his workers and would not tolerate [tries] by outsiders ( e.g .

These shopfloor pressures presented an important challenge to trade unions to which , as dynamic and changing institutions , they responded in a number of ways including attempts to decentralise wage negotiations ( as in certain industries in Britain , and to a more limited extent in West Germany ) .
these shopfloor pressures presented an important challenge to trade unions to which , as dynamic and changing institutions , they responded in a number of ways including [tries] to decentralise wage negotiations ( as in certain industries in britain , and to a more limited extent in west germany ) .

These shopfloor pressures presented an important challenge to trade unions to which , as dynamic and changing institutions , they responded in a number of ways including attempts to decentralise wage negotiations ( as in certain industries in Britain , and to a more limited extent in West Germany ) .
these shopfloor pressures presented an important challenge to trade unions to which , as dynamic and changing institutions , they responded in a number of ways including [tries] to decentralise wage negotiations ( as in certain industries in britain , and to a more limited extent in west germany ) .

They delayed revisions of the Factory Law which were aimed at strengthening protective measures for workers and they effectively opposed government attempts to grant legal recognition to trade unions at that time ( Taira , 1973 ) .
they delayed revisions of the factory law which were aimed at strengthening protective measures for workers and they effectively opposed government [tries] to grant legal recognition to trade unions at that time ( taira , 1973 ) .

In Britain , however , worker attempts in the 1950s and 1960s to improve upon the minimum substantive terms of employment in more favourable labour market conditions , together with the lack of legally-binding disputes procedures , stimulated the expansion of ( fragmented ) workplace bargaining over pay and a high proportion of shopfloor strikes .
in britain , however , worker [tries] in the 1950s and 1960s to improve upon the minimum substantive terms of employment in more favourable labour market conditions , together with the lack of legally-binding disputes procedures , stimulated the expansion of ( fragmented ) workplace bargaining over pay and a high proportion of shopfloor strikes .

In this latter respect , government policy ( or the threat of intervention ) would seem to be the most significant factor tending to remove authority over collective bargaining to the national confederations.9 Attempts to align the outcome of wage negotiations with macroeconomic policy objectives have been one factor which has tended to raise the level of bargaining and it has played a significant role at certain periods in countries such as Holland , Norway and Austria .
in this latter respect , government policy ( or the threat of intervention ) would seem to be the most significant factor tending to remove authority over collective bargaining to the national confederations.9 [tries] to align the outcome of wage negotiations with macroeconomic policy objectives have been one factor which has tended to raise the level of bargaining and it has played a significant role at certain periods in countries such as holland , norway and austria .

Following the outbreak of civil war in 1642 , the revolutionary years of the 1640s and 1650s witnessed the attempts of a succession of governments to impose several quite distinct forms of established church on the English people .
following the outbreak of civil war in 1642 , the revolutionary years of the 1640s and 1650s witnessed the [tries] of a succession of governments to impose several quite distinct forms of established church on the english people .

The individual 's attempts to avoid the pitfalls of sin were assisted by the spiritual food of grace , which was transmitted through the seven Catholic sacraments : baptism , confirmation , confession , the eucharist , marriage , ordination , and the last rites .
the individual 's [tries] to avoid the pitfalls of sin were assisted by the spiritual food of grace , which was transmitted through the seven catholic sacraments : baptism , confirmation , confession , the eucharist , marriage , ordination , and the last rites .

It also rejected worship of the saints and relics , pilgrimages , indulgences , and masses for the dead as futile attempts to purge the sins of the deceased or pile up merit for the living .
it also rejected worship of the saints and relics , pilgrimages , indulgences , and masses for the dead as futile [tries] to purge the sins of the deceased or pile up merit for the living .

In 1588 , several inhabitants of Shrewsbury were imprisoned after physically resisting the attempts of the magistrates to pull down a maypole , and the following year the Mayor of Canterbury was confronted with a protest morris dance outside his house when he forbade maypole dancing in the town .
in 1588 , several inhabitants of shrewsbury were imprisoned after physically resisting the [tries] of the magistrates to pull down a maypole , and the following year the mayor of canterbury was confronted with a protest morris dance outside his house when he forbade maypole dancing in the town .

The emphasis that Calvinists placed upon the majesty of God led them to condemn as blasphemous any attempts to tinker with the supernatural , and thus their reaction to calamities was to accept them as part of God 's inscrutable purpose — the working out of a divine providence which governed all human affairs .
the emphasis that calvinists placed upon the majesty of god led them to condemn as blasphemous any [tries] to tinker with the supernatural , and thus their reaction to calamities was to accept them as part of god 's inscrutable purpose — the working out of a divine providence which governed all human affairs .

Attempts by both Germany and the Allies to turn the other 's flank , the so-called ‘ race to the sea ’ followed .
[tries] by both germany and the allies to turn the other 's flank , the so-called ‘ race to the sea ’ followed .

Russians made repeated attempts to break through the encircling enemy — only and always to be driven back by the murderous fire of Francois 's 1st Corps , which barred the line of retreat along the route by which they had earlier advanced .
russians made repeated [tries] to break through the encircling enemy — only and always to be driven back by the murderous fire of francois 's 1st corps , which barred the line of retreat along the route by which they had earlier advanced .

Bombardment of the inner forts followed , and for some three weeks attempts — desultory at best — were made by trawlers to sweep the first line of mines .
bombardment of the inner forts followed , and for some three weeks [tries] — desultory at best — were made by trawlers to sweep the first line of mines .

But on 7 June , when all attempts to relieve the fort had failed , the exhausted survivors had no option but to surrender .
but on 7 june , when all [tries] to relieve the fort had failed , the exhausted survivors had no option but to surrender .

Repeated attempts to capture La Boiselle and Ovillers were repulsed , while farther north the three divisions of 10th Corps , designated to take the strongly fortified area around Thiepval , were beaten back with heavy loss .
repeated [tries] to capture la boiselle and ovillers were repulsed , while farther north the three divisions of 10th corps , designated to take the strongly fortified area around thiepval , were beaten back with heavy loss .

Attempts to smash wire defences by artillery barrage were seldom successful .
[tries] to smash wire defences by artillery barrage were seldom successful .

Hollywood 's many attempts to grapple with God would make a well-judged study of the interaction between America 's dream world and its view of authority and the Promised Land .
hollywood 's many [tries] to grapple with god would make a well-judged study of the interaction between america 's dream world and its view of authority and the promised land .

They regarded the General-Secretary 's wife as uncouth and comic in her attempts to ape the styles of the more chic among the Communist élite .
they regarded the general-secretary 's wife as uncouth and comic in her [tries] to ape the styles of the more chic among the communist élite .

The Romanian section of Radio Free Europe in Munich was repeatedly the object of attempts by the Romanian secret service to penetrate it and to harm its staff members .
the romanian section of radio free europe in munich was repeatedly the object of [tries] by the romanian secret service to penetrate it and to harm its staff members .

Bishop Patrick said that attempts to create a fairer and more just world were being blocked by business interests .
bishop patrick said that [tries] to create a fairer and more just world were being blocked by business interests .

Attempts by the Church to solve trade problems like Third World Debt were branded ‘ political ’ by those whose intrinsic interest were in preserving the economic status quo .
[tries] by the church to solve trade problems like third world debt were branded ‘ political ’ by those whose intrinsic interest were in preserving the economic status quo .

This concludes attempts on the line , started by Paul Pritchard a couple of years ago , which at one time featured a glued-in peg in a pocket , although this was pretty short lived .
this concludes [tries] on the line , started by paul pritchard a couple of years ago , which at one time featured a glued-in peg in a pocket , although this was pretty short lived .

Soon after our conversation was interrupted by my flailing attempts to follow Grond while Pat scampered after me on what appeared to be a completely different route .
soon after our conversation was interrupted by my flailing [tries] to follow grond while pat scampered after me on what appeared to be a completely different route .

While other girls with real mothers resisted all the attempts to gentrify themselves , Eve and Mother Francis studied books on etiquette and looked at magazines to see how nice people dressed , and to pick up any hints on behaviour .
while other girls with real mothers resisted all the [tries] to gentrify themselves , eve and mother francis studied books on etiquette and looked at magazines to see how nice people dressed , and to pick up any hints on behaviour .

No doubt these gunners had seen Sergeant Carr 's two further attempts to blow open the hatch .
no doubt these gunners had seen sergeant carr 's two further [tries] to blow open the hatch .

All the possible demolitions north and south of the dry-dock were now complete , but attempts to damage the submarine basin 's southern lock had failed .
all the possible demolitions north and south of the dry-dock were now complete , but [tries] to damage the submarine basin 's southern lock had failed .

Attempts to contact Australia 400 miles ( over 640km ) to the south were unsuccessful , but the 1 09-set picked up a Dutch broadcast which was translated for the Company by a passing Dutch soldier : it announced the surrender of all their forces in the East Indies .
[tries] to contact australia 400 miles ( over 640km ) to the south were unsuccessful , but the 1 09-set picked up a dutch broadcast which was translated for the company by a passing dutch soldier : it announced the surrender of all their forces in the east indies .

Newbigin cites the evidence of not one but a variety of Christologies in the New Testament reflecting ‘ the attempts of that community to say who Jesus is in terms of the different cultures within which they bore witness to him .
newbigin cites the evidence of not one but a variety of christologies in the new testament reflecting ‘ the [tries] of that community to say who jesus is in terms of the different cultures within which they bore witness to him .

Peter Wagner has described the ineffectiveness of attempts to mobilise the whole Church by putting the entire membership in the front-line of evangelism ( Wagner 1971 : Chapter 7 ) .
peter wagner has described the ineffectiveness of [tries] to mobilise the whole church by putting the entire membership in the front-line of evangelism ( wagner 1971 : chapter 7 ) .

So many attempts by Christians to communicate the gospel begin where we would like people to be rather than where they are actually at .
so many [tries] by christians to communicate the gospel begin where we would like people to be rather than where they are actually at .

Florence Nightingale has been the inspiration for twentieth-century nursing ; every now and then a historian attempts to point out that there may have been aspects of her life which were not quite so saintly as we believe , but this does not shatter her image .
florence nightingale has been the inspiration for twentieth-century nursing ; every now and then a historian [tries] to point out that there may have been aspects of her life which were not quite so saintly as we believe , but this does not shatter her image .

In a totally different category , however , have been the attempts to use the administration of the law for expedients such as unjustified murder charges in order to promote the political interests of the government .
in a totally different category , however , have been the [tries] to use the administration of the law for expedients such as unjustified murder charges in order to promote the political interests of the government .

Joan Waters , too , was left in peace apart from the following two minor incidents which may have been attempts to impress upon her that she had not moved beyond the reach of the long arm of the undercover services .
joan waters , too , was left in peace apart from the following two minor incidents which may have been [tries] to impress upon her that she had not moved beyond the reach of the long arm of the undercover services .

To explore this , Chapter 5 attempts to locate formal labourism within wider aspects of popular culture , work and the home , and speculates on the relevance of alternative political traditions to an understanding of the contemporary basis of Labour Party support .
to explore this , chapter 5 [tries] to locate formal labourism within wider aspects of popular culture , work and the home , and speculates on the relevance of alternative political traditions to an understanding of the contemporary basis of labour party support .

Attempts to harness the numerical strength of the casual poor had foundered on the rocks of seeming apathy .
[tries] to harness the numerical strength of the casual poor had foundered on the rocks of seeming apathy .

It drew upon a general concern to reduce the working day ; then , with renewed confidence , attempts were made to extend the struggle by forcing a closed shop .
it drew upon a general concern to reduce the working day ; then , with renewed confidence , [tries] were made to extend the struggle by forcing a closed shop .

This identity was overwhelmingly defensive , for it was asserted , particularly in the industrial sphere , only when threatened by attempts to abolish traditional rights , customs and practices .
this identity was overwhelmingly defensive , for it was asserted , particularly in the industrial sphere , only when threatened by [tries] to abolish traditional rights , customs and practices .

Working-class consciousness was also moulded by attempts of the Conservative Party after extension of the franchise in 1867 to construct working-class interests as their own ( p 57 ) .
working-class consciousness was also moulded by [tries] of the conservative party after extension of the franchise in 1867 to construct working-class interests as their own ( p 57 ) .

There have been a number of attempts at detailed classification , some very involved and certainly not avoiding a great deal of overlapping of the categories .
there have been a number of [tries] at detailed classification , some very involved and certainly not avoiding a great deal of overlapping of the categories .

Attempts to set up party penetration of administration without expertise are ineffective , weakening political co-ordination .
[tries] to set up party penetration of administration without expertise are ineffective , weakening political co-ordination .

However , their preferred emphasis focuses upon state elites ' attempts to manage increasing social complexity , and the potential disintegration of society that such complexity threatens , a theme present also in neo-pluralism ( pp .
however , their preferred emphasis focuses upon state elites ' [tries] to manage increasing social complexity , and the potential disintegration of society that such complexity threatens , a theme present also in neo-pluralism ( pp .

Hence elite sclerosis increases the likelihood that those excluded from power will invest in a collective effort to promote a new counter-elite which attempts to precipitate a wholesale regime change .
hence elite sclerosis increases the likelihood that those excluded from power will invest in a collective effort to promote a new counter-elite which [tries] to precipitate a wholesale regime change .

attempts by Marxist writers to think for themselves ) a dangerous deviation .
[tries] by marxist writers to think for themselves ) a dangerous deviation .

First , the criteria used to define the working class are loosened , and serious attempts are made to analyse categories intermediate between the bourgeoisie and the working class .
first , the criteria used to define the working class are loosened , and serious [tries] are made to analyse categories intermediate between the bourgeoisie and the working class .

Most mixed economy interventions involve the state in subsidizing or taking over the organization of necessary economic activities unprofitable for capital ; and most welfare policies can be understood as attempts to socialize labour costs falling on businesses , which become financed out of general taxation instead of showing up directly in employers ' wage bills and production costs .
most mixed economy interventions involve the state in subsidizing or taking over the organization of necessary economic activities unprofitable for capital ; and most welfare policies can be understood as [tries] to socialize labour costs falling on businesses , which become financed out of general taxation instead of showing up directly in employers ' wage bills and production costs .

With hindsight it is clear that left-wing opponents planned to disrupt the meeting , for over 1,000 anti-fascists were involved in a counter-demonstration and in the systematic attempts to wreck the occasion .
with hindsight it is clear that left-wing opponents planned to disrupt the meeting , for over 1,000 anti-fascists were involved in a counter-demonstration and in the systematic [tries] to wreck the occasion .

How these are to be assessed poses delicate problems for the social anthropologist as he attempts to evaluate local ideology and its relationship to economic and political commitments .
how these are to be assessed poses delicate problems for the social anthropologist as he [tries] to evaluate local ideology and its relationship to economic and political commitments .

There are many problems which cut right across the artificial frontiers separating these subjects , particularly when attempts are made to interpret thought and feeling .
there are many problems which cut right across the artificial frontiers separating these subjects , particularly when [tries] are made to interpret thought and feeling .

Equally , when the social anthropologist attempts to assess the impact of socially enjoined behaviour or beliefs on the inner feelings of the people he studies , he likewise trespasses upon the psychiatrist 's ( and psychologist 's ) territory .
equally , when the social anthropologist [tries] to assess the impact of socially enjoined behaviour or beliefs on the inner feelings of the people he studies , he likewise trespasses upon the psychiatrist 's ( and psychologist 's ) territory .

However , he does indicate that he would not approve of attempts to make ethical debate entirely a rational affair even to the extent that that is possible .
however , he does indicate that he would not approve of [tries] to make ethical debate entirely a rational affair even to the extent that that is possible .

Disfavouring abortion in all cases is inconsistent with favouring it in some , since there are circumstances in which these attitudes will prompt attempts to permit and to prevent the very same act .
disfavouring abortion in all cases is inconsistent with favouring it in some , since there are circumstances in which these attitudes will prompt [tries] to permit and to prevent the very same act .

Baruch or Benedict Spinoza ( 1632–77 ) attempts to give ethics an unequivocally rational foundation .
baruch or benedict spinoza ( 1632–77 ) [tries] to give ethics an unequivocally rational foundation .

Government attempts to define such hospitals did of course give a new lease of life to those not under scrutiny .
government [tries] to define such hospitals did of course give a new lease of life to those not under scrutiny .

None of this suggested that the English would go forward to build up the most wide-ranging empire that the world had ever seen , and even if Hakluyt had added that the English had made some attempts to settle in North America and had organized themselves for trade in the East Indies he would not have much altered the case .
none of this suggested that the english would go forward to build up the most wide-ranging empire that the world had ever seen , and even if hakluyt had added that the english had made some [tries] to settle in north america and had organized themselves for trade in the east indies he would not have much altered the case .

There had been unsuccessful attempts even further south ; the unfortunate Raleigh got himself out of the Tower by promising to find James 1 a supply of gold in Guiana , but he found no gold and he irritated the Spanish so much that they pushed James into having him executed in 1618 on the 1604 charge of treason .
there had been unsuccessful [tries] even further south ; the unfortunate raleigh got himself out of the tower by promising to find james 1 a supply of gold in guiana , but he found no gold and he irritated the spanish so much that they pushed james into having him executed in 1618 on the 1604 charge of treason .

The newcomers were not able to brush aside the native Carib population with quite the contemptuous ease with which the Spaniards had conquered the mainland ; attempts to settle in earlier years had been resisted successfully and in some islands the English settlers had to remain at least as careful about the risk of native attack as any community in North America .
the newcomers were not able to brush aside the native carib population with quite the contemptuous ease with which the spaniards had conquered the mainland ; [tries] to settle in earlier years had been resisted successfully and in some islands the english settlers had to remain at least as careful about the risk of native attack as any community in north america .

The Republic also pointed the way to the future in its attempts to regulate English trade in a way that would help English shipping though its efforts were not immediately successful ; the monarchy took the same legislative approach , but was able to make its laws effective and on this basis set up a system of control of trade in the empire that survived until the middle of the nineteenth century .
the republic also pointed the way to the future in its [tries] to regulate english trade in a way that would help english shipping though its efforts were not immediately successful ; the monarchy took the same legislative approach , but was able to make its laws effective and on this basis set up a system of control of trade in the empire that survived until the middle of the nineteenth century .

More than just buying an operating system and securing a future for Novell , Noorda — a man held in high regard by a wide cross section of industry executives — takes on the expectations of all those seeing him as a Moses figure capable of stitching up the highly personalised wounds inflicted during the Unix wars and the aborted peace attempts .
more than just buying an operating system and securing a future for novell , noorda — a man held in high regard by a wide cross section of industry executives — takes on the expectations of all those seeing him as a moses figure capable of stitching up the highly personalised wounds inflicted during the unix wars and the aborted peace [tries] .

Firstly , the woman or girl who has suffered a sexual assault is made to suffer again by having sensationalist accounts of their ordeal blazoned to the entire nation , defeating attempts to forget .
firstly , the woman or girl who has suffered a sexual assault is made to suffer again by having sensationalist accounts of their ordeal blazoned to the entire nation , defeating [tries] to forget .

Our study also examined press reporting of discussion about sex crimes , for instance around official reports and attempts to change the law .
our study also examined press reporting of discussion about sex crimes , for instance around official reports and [tries] to change the law .

Surprisingly , over this period the press reporting of rape dramatically increased , despite the indirect attempts to control it .
surprisingly , over this period the press reporting of rape dramatically increased , despite the indirect [tries] to control it .

Whether this is generally true or not is not strictly relevant to attempts to heighten or maintain interest in a case .
whether this is generally true or not is not strictly relevant to [tries] to heighten or maintain interest in a case .

Perhaps student life does not prepare anyone adequately for the daily slog of an ordinary job , and after two or three attempts to settle into a career in sales management and even in personnel , she had taken off for America .
perhaps student life does not prepare anyone adequately for the daily slog of an ordinary job , and after two or three [tries] to settle into a career in sales management and even in personnel , she had taken off for america .

In 1991 , she won more matches on clay than any other player , ( 24 ) , and she had the fourth best win/loss record of all players on that surface , ( 24/3 ) , with a percentage success rate of .904 , although it should be noted that , in 7 attempts to date , she has been unable to overcome the dominant hitting of Seles .
in 1991 , she won more matches on clay than any other player , ( 24 ) , and she had the fourth best win/loss record of all players on that surface , ( 24/3 ) , with a percentage success rate of .904 , although it should be noted that , in 7 [tries] to date , she has been unable to overcome the dominant hitting of seles .

In fact , the power and effectiveness of Ivanisevic 's serve and the rest of the other ‘ boomers ’ like David Wheaton , is provoking attempts to change the rules and lessen their dominance .
in fact , the power and effectiveness of ivanisevic 's serve and the rest of the other ‘ boomers ’ like david wheaton , is provoking [tries] to change the rules and lessen their dominance .

The political situation in Zaire , however , continues to be oppressive , and the country 's churches are battling against enormous odds in their attempts to keep the population informed about what is happening in their country .
the political situation in zaire , however , continues to be oppressive , and the country 's churches are battling against enormous odds in their [tries] to keep the population informed about what is happening in their country .

With attempts being made to meet the requirements of pupils with a diversity of special needs in the ordinary school whenever possible , teachers are facing a considerable challenge .
with [tries] being made to meet the requirements of pupils with a diversity of special needs in the ordinary school whenever possible , teachers are facing a considerable challenge .

Amnesty International is also concerned that in other instances , during the operation some unarmed civilians were reportedly killed deliberately by Soviet and Azerbaydzhani law enforcement officials without warning or attempts to apprehend them , and that some people are said to have been detained for short periods solely on grounds of their ethnic origin .
amnesty international is also concerned that in other instances , during the operation some unarmed civilians were reportedly killed deliberately by soviet and azerbaydzhani law enforcement officials without warning or [tries] to apprehend them , and that some people are said to have been detained for short periods solely on grounds of their ethnic origin .

attempts to become winners of the coveted 1991 Quiz Quest title .
[tries] to become winners of the coveted 1991 quiz quest title .

Mr Cross has not told us what he did with Hiatt 's stock of leg irons when their export was banned in 1984 , nor has he told us about Hiatt 's attempts to export ‘ extended ’ cuffs which the government has now included in the ban .
mr cross has not told us what he did with hiatt 's stock of leg irons when their export was banned in 1984 , nor has he told us about hiatt 's [tries] to export ‘ extended ’ cuffs which the government has now included in the ban .

Somehow though , The Fall of Yugoslavia comes across as a series of fragments that do n't quite make a whole , and any attempts to go beyond the yawn-capacity of school history books are sadly flawed .
somehow though , the fall of yugoslavia comes across as a series of fragments that do n't quite make a whole , and any [tries] to go beyond the yawn-capacity of school history books are sadly flawed .

If you find that your dog still appears distressed , in spite of all your attempts to settle it down to travel readily in a car , then you may want to speak with your vet about the problem .
if you find that your dog still appears distressed , in spite of all your [tries] to settle it down to travel readily in a car , then you may want to speak with your vet about the problem .

Heelas has also given a survey of the different attempts at defining aggression , and the main theories which account for it ( Heelas 1982 , 1983 ) .
heelas has also given a survey of the different [tries] at defining aggression , and the main theories which account for it ( heelas 1982 , 1983 ) .

Sometimes young cuckoos are too vigorous in their attempts to remove their nest mates and fall out of the nest themselves .
sometimes young cuckoos are too vigorous in their [tries] to remove their nest mates and fall out of the nest themselves .

In the days preceding laying , when the female can be fertilised , the male remains close to his partner , guarding her from other males ' attempts to mate surreptitiously .
in the days preceding laying , when the female can be fertilised , the male remains close to his partner , guarding her from other males ' [tries] to mate surreptitiously .

The male red-winged blackbird attempts to attract as many females like this one , as possible to nest in his territory and , although the female would prefer his sole attention , she will share him with several other females if the territory is good enough .
the male red-winged blackbird [tries] to attract as many females like this one , as possible to nest in his territory and , although the female would prefer his sole attention , she will share him with several other females if the territory is good enough .

Moreover , he was becoming increasingly annoyed at the Communists ' blatant attempts to maximize their influence wherever it mattered — in , for example , the army and the administration — and to dictate strategy .
moreover , he was becoming increasingly annoyed at the communists ' blatant [tries] to maximize their influence wherever it mattered — in , for example , the army and the administration — and to dictate strategy .

Near hurricane force winds and free-roaming sheep put paid to early attempts at planting flowers and shrubs .
near hurricane force winds and free-roaming sheep put paid to early [tries] at planting flowers and shrubs .

Television coverage is expected , and the first ‘ pull ’ is expected to start at 11.00 , continuing throughout the afternoon , with each team having two attempts .
television coverage is expected , and the first ‘ pull ’ is expected to start at 11.00 , continuing throughout the afternoon , with each team having two [tries] .

What would we mean by a complete and unified theory of physics ? Our attempts at modeling physical reality normally consist of two parts :
what would we mean by a complete and unified theory of physics ? our [tries] at modeling physical reality normally consist of two parts :

There were thus several attempts to avoid the conclusion that there must have been a big bang singularity and hence a beginning of time .
there were thus several [tries] to avoid the conclusion that there must have been a big bang singularity and hence a beginning of time .

Obviously where frequent attempts are made at reconciliation the cost accounts may be reasonably accurate .
obviously where frequent [tries] are made at reconciliation the cost accounts may be reasonably accurate .

He could hear her hairdryer , almost as hard on his nerves as a dentist 's drill ; it had ruined three attempts to get the message down already , but he did n't want to ask her to lay off for a while in case the uneasy peace was threatened yet again .
he could hear her hairdryer , almost as hard on his nerves as a dentist 's drill ; it had ruined three [tries] to get the message down already , but he did n't want to ask her to lay off for a while in case the uneasy peace was threatened yet again .

After several desultory attempts , followed by a brief ( and nurse-crammed ) estrangement and then one big fight , he has reestablished their relationship on a sexual footing .
after several desultory [tries] , followed by a brief ( and nurse-crammed ) estrangement and then one big fight , he has reestablished their relationship on a sexual footing .

The Platform began by acknowledging the damage that had been done to national relations by the repression of the Stalinist years and by later attempts to accelerate convergence on the basis of an allegedly full and final resolution of the national question .
the platform began by acknowledging the damage that had been done to national relations by the repression of the stalinist years and by later [tries] to accelerate convergence on the basis of an allegedly full and final resolution of the national question .

The only queues ever seen at ‘ The Tip ’ these days are at the tea counter , where 86-year-old Mrs Scricle attempts to deal with thirsty fans .
the only queues ever seen at ‘ the tip ’ these days are at the tea counter , where 86-year-old mrs scricle [tries] to deal with thirsty fans .

In the following article he attempts to convey some of his enthusiasm for his pastime .
in the following article he [tries] to convey some of his enthusiasm for his pastime .

Examples of such restraints are exclusive distribution agreements , exclusive purchasing agreements , selective distribution systems and exclusive franchises , de-ins and full-line forcing , refusal to supply , and attempts at resale price maintenance .
examples of such restraints are exclusive distribution agreements , exclusive purchasing agreements , selective distribution systems and exclusive franchises , de-ins and full-line forcing , refusal to supply , and [tries] at resale price maintenance .

If a first class student attempts them , he will usually find that the answer required is so long that it will throw his whole script out of balance .
if a first class student [tries] them , he will usually find that the answer required is so long that it will throw his whole script out of balance .

Attempts to move the blue wooden object had proved fruitless .
[tries] to move the blue wooden object had proved fruitless .

The doctors detailed the attempts made at resuscitation , but by 2.40 it was concluded that there was no activity in either heart or brain and that the President must be declared dead .
the doctors detailed the [tries] made at resuscitation , but by 2.40 it was concluded that there was no activity in either heart or brain and that the president must be declared dead .

However , we have seen that this approach can be criticized on the grounds that the discourse structure of the interview is still present and that attempts to obscure the nature of the speech event are likely to lead in practice to confusion and difficulty .
however , we have seen that this approach can be criticized on the grounds that the discourse structure of the interview is still present and that [tries] to obscure the nature of the speech event are likely to lead in practice to confusion and difficulty .

It is organized as follows : first the initial identification of variables is discussed , with attention to their embedding in linguistic structure ( 6.2 ) ; second , some problems ( and proposed solutions ) are explored , which arise from attempts to analyse data using the concept of the variable as it was originally developed ( 6.3–6.6 ) ; third , some difficulties in establishing lexical input to phonological variables ( 6.7 ) are described .
it is organized as follows : first the initial identification of variables is discussed , with attention to their embedding in linguistic structure ( 6.2 ) ; second , some problems ( and proposed solutions ) are explored , which arise from [tries] to analyse data using the concept of the variable as it was originally developed ( 6.3–6.6 ) ; third , some difficulties in establishing lexical input to phonological variables ( 6.7 ) are described .

For example , one local post graduate student involved in the Belfast research was firmly convinced that front-raised pronunciations by working-class speakers of items like cap and rat reflected attempts at correction in the direction of Received Pronunciation ; but the more systematically collected pilot-study data confirmed that this variant was in fact a low-status and recessive feature .
for example , one local post graduate student involved in the belfast research was firmly convinced that front-raised pronunciations by working-class speakers of items like cap and rat reflected [tries] at correction in the direction of received pronunciation ; but the more systematically collected pilot-study data confirmed that this variant was in fact a low-status and recessive feature .

Attempts in Belfast to investigate experimentally constraints on the highly stigmatized non-standard concord rule ( see 7.4 ) ran up against these problems , and similar difficulties are encountered with bilingual speakers ( 8.3.2 ) .
[tries] in belfast to investigate experimentally constraints on the highly stigmatized non-standard concord rule ( see 7.4 ) ran up against these problems , and similar difficulties are encountered with bilingual speakers ( 8.3.2 ) .

Nor are problems of this kind peculiar to the Belfast concord variable ; similar indeterminacies are , for example , associated with attempts to specify the precise environments in which the zero form of the relative pronoun can occur .
nor are problems of this kind peculiar to the belfast concord variable ; similar indeterminacies are , for example , associated with [tries] to specify the precise environments in which the zero form of the relative pronoun can occur .

Attempts have been made , presumably on the basis of this intuition , to formulate a taxonomy and a set of criteria for identifying ‘ genuine ’ variables ( see Coveney 1986 ; Romaine 1984b ) .
[tries] have been made , presumably on the basis of this intuition , to formulate a taxonomy and a set of criteria for identifying ‘ genuine ’ variables ( see coveney 1986 ; romaine 1984b ) .

While a major contribution of this work was to show that apparently meaningless differences in form were in fact carriers of social and stylistic meaning , the 1983 paper attempts on the other hand to demonstrate that forms which are referentially equivalent carry neither social nor stylistic meaning , but are constrained almost entirely by their syntactic environment .
while a major contribution of this work was to show that apparently meaningless differences in form were in fact carriers of social and stylistic meaning , the 1983 paper [tries] on the other hand to demonstrate that forms which are referentially equivalent carry neither social nor stylistic meaning , but are constrained almost entirely by their syntactic environment .

But a different and less well-known set of problems emerges when attempts are made to examine alternation between standard and non-standard forms .
but a different and less well-known set of problems emerges when [tries] are made to examine alternation between standard and non-standard forms .

Furthermore , an analysis which attempts to account for the interrelationships between syntax , semantics and discourse involves quite a different relationship between sociolinguistic and syntactic theory than is implied by one which attempts to demonstrate that alternation takes place between semantically equivalent surface forms .
furthermore , an analysis which [tries] to account for the interrelationships between syntax , semantics and discourse involves quite a different relationship between sociolinguistic and syntactic theory than is implied by one which [tries] to demonstrate that alternation takes place between semantically equivalent surface forms .

For example , Askew ( 1983 ) has produced a welfare model which attempts to resolve the efficiency-equity conflict inherent in public facility location modelling .
for example , askew ( 1983 ) has produced a welfare model which [tries] to resolve the efficiency-equity conflict inherent in public facility location modelling .

The above described procedure attempts to match the initial phase of contemporary paper based bill of lading issuance .
the above described procedure [tries] to match the initial phase of contemporary paper based bill of lading issuance .

However , attempts have been made to make up for this by the development of other devices such as question time , ten-minute rule bills and the practice of asking wide-ranging questions each Thursday when the business for the following week is announced .
however , [tries] have been made to make up for this by the development of other devices such as question time , ten-minute rule bills and the practice of asking wide-ranging questions each thursday when the business for the following week is announced .

In addition , there have been attempts to increase the influence of the House in a manner which escapes party divisions , particularly by the creation of more select or ‘ specialist ’ committees .
in addition , there have been [tries] to increase the influence of the house in a manner which escapes party divisions , particularly by the creation of more select or ‘ specialist ’ committees .

Major examples of such legislation are the acts on the abolition of capital punishment ( 1965 ) , homosexuality ( 1967 ) , abortion ( 1967 ) , and divorce ( 1969 ) and the subsequent unsuccessful attempts to change the law on abortion and capital punishment .
major examples of such legislation are the acts on the abolition of capital punishment ( 1965 ) , homosexuality ( 1967 ) , abortion ( 1967 ) , and divorce ( 1969 ) and the subsequent unsuccessful [tries] to change the law on abortion and capital punishment .

Attempts to track down the culprits who leaked information were commonly unsuccessful ; the photo-copier is a great help to those who wish to be disloyal .
[tries] to track down the culprits who leaked information were commonly unsuccessful ; the photo-copier is a great help to those who wish to be disloyal .

Later attempts to solve the political deadlock have failed .
later [tries] to solve the political deadlock have failed .

During the 1970s , governments have made several attempts to rectify the geographical inequalities of hospital provision .
during the 1970s , governments have made several [tries] to rectify the geographical inequalities of hospital provision .

Moreover , governments will be largely unconcerned with attempts at equalising housing distribution even though their policies will inevitably affect socio-economic and other inequalities in housing .
moreover , governments will be largely unconcerned with [tries] at equalising housing distribution even though their policies will inevitably affect socio-economic and other inequalities in housing .

These three types of reasons are inter-related , which makes any half-hearted attempts by government to deal with specific issues in isolation ineffective .
these three types of reasons are inter-related , which makes any half-hearted [tries] by government to deal with specific issues in isolation ineffective .

Far from it — it is an argument for policies extending beyond the school to the areas of work and income , if government attempts to equalise the outcome of education are to stand any serious chance of succeeding .
far from it — it is an argument for policies extending beyond the school to the areas of work and income , if government [tries] to equalise the outcome of education are to stand any serious chance of succeeding .

This criticism was valid in the early days of the human capital theory but not later when attempts were made to be more specific .
this criticism was valid in the early days of the human capital theory but not later when [tries] were made to be more specific .

There are also more vigorous attempts to relate education to industrial training , particularly for school-leavers .
there are also more vigorous [tries] to relate education to industrial training , particularly for school-leavers .

In another sense , however , they are part of the same package for they are part of government attempts to bring employment and labour together irrespective of whether the aid is given to industry or to labour .
in another sense , however , they are part of the same package for they are part of government [tries] to bring employment and labour together irrespective of whether the aid is given to industry or to labour .

Nevertheless , attempts have been made to get as near the truth as possible as the brief account given here indicates .
nevertheless , [tries] have been made to get as near the truth as possible as the brief account given here indicates .

In recent years , however , monetarist and related theories have questioned this with claims that government attempts to manage the economy and the consequent high levels of public expenditure are counter-productive — they are responsible for the economic decline of the country .
in recent years , however , monetarist and related theories have questioned this with claims that government [tries] to manage the economy and the consequent high levels of public expenditure are counter-productive — they are responsible for the economic decline of the country .

Attempts to test the state subsidy theory of strikes have been of two kinds : studies attempting to show the correlation , if any , between levels of benefits and strike activity over the years ; and studies exploring the views of strikers in relation to benefits and strike activity .
[tries] to test the state subsidy theory of strikes have been of two kinds : studies attempting to show the correlation , if any , between levels of benefits and strike activity over the years ; and studies exploring the views of strikers in relation to benefits and strike activity .

In February 1986 , he wrote an article in The Guardian attacking the Kilmuir rules as ‘ much too wide ’ and setting out the attempts to silence him , quoting letters from the Lord Chancellor ( Hailsham ) .
in february 1986 , he wrote an article in the guardian attacking the kilmuir rules as ‘ much too wide ’ and setting out the [tries] to silence him , quoting letters from the lord chancellor ( hailsham ) .

Two outstanding characteristics of labour law during the second half of that century were the intermittent recognition by politicians in government and Parliament that control of trade unionism by the imposition of penalties was of doubtful efficacy ; and the recurrent attempts by the courts to preserve the penal method .
two outstanding characteristics of labour law during the second half of that century were the intermittent recognition by politicians in government and parliament that control of trade unionism by the imposition of penalties was of doubtful efficacy ; and the recurrent [tries] by the courts to preserve the penal method .

Attempts in the Court of Appeal to set aside ministerial decisions on other aspects of the new block grant on more technical and precise grounds failed .
[tries] in the court of appeal to set aside ministerial decisions on other aspects of the new block grant on more technical and precise grounds failed .

In 1986 , the Argyll group of companies and Guinness were rival bidders in attempts to take over Distillers Ltd .
in 1986 , the argyll group of companies and guinness were rival bidders in [tries] to take over distillers ltd .

The complexity of the social security regulations and the attempts , during the 1980s , by Ministers to limit their applicability resulted in a series of judicial decisions .
the complexity of the social security regulations and the [tries] , during the 1980s , by ministers to limit their applicability resulted in a series of judicial decisions .

Early studies of the contemporary romance form tended to offer somewhat disbelieving accounts of the readership figures for a fiction in which marriage was invariably offered as the solution for female anxiety ; as in David Margolies ' attempts to do this in his application of the tools of literary criticism to the most consistently successful publishing concern in the world .
early studies of the contemporary romance form tended to offer somewhat disbelieving accounts of the readership figures for a fiction in which marriage was invariably offered as the solution for female anxiety ; as in david margolies ' [tries] to do this in his application of the tools of literary criticism to the most consistently successful publishing concern in the world .

After so-far fruitless attempts to create a ‘ scrambler ’ signal which could be inserted onto a disc or tape to prevent copying , the record industry has lobbied for a royalty to be placed on blank tapes and tape recording hardware .
after so-far fruitless [tries] to create a ‘ scrambler ’ signal which could be inserted onto a disc or tape to prevent copying , the record industry has lobbied for a royalty to be placed on blank tapes and tape recording hardware .

It was a while since he had used his fists in the fairground boxing-booths or in the army regimental championships , and a thrill of excitement surged through him — but his opponent 's reactions were sluggish , and his lumbering attempts at counter-blows had no weight behind them .
it was a while since he had used his fists in the fairground boxing-booths or in the army regimental championships , and a thrill of excitement surged through him — but his opponent 's reactions were sluggish , and his lumbering [tries] at counter-blows had no weight behind them .

Each of these constitutes a traditional area of policy concern , but with the exception of the New and Expanded Towns programme and half-hearted attempts at assisting labour mobility , successive governments have tended to fight shy of the direct management of migration and population distribution , preferring to use indirect measures affecting the location of jobs and housing .
each of these constitutes a traditional area of policy concern , but with the exception of the new and expanded towns programme and half-hearted [tries] at assisting labour mobility , successive governments have tended to fight shy of the direct management of migration and population distribution , preferring to use indirect measures affecting the location of jobs and housing .

Thus it would be true to say that the source of these modern difficulties is indeed the market economy , but on the other hand , on the evidence of the attempts at distinctions , it would not be true — it would in fact be seriously reductive — to say that the general market order has transformed all cultural production into a market-commodity type .
thus it would be true to say that the source of these modern difficulties is indeed the market economy , but on the other hand , on the evidence of the [tries] at distinctions , it would not be true — it would in fact be seriously reductive — to say that the general market order has transformed all cultural production into a market-commodity type .

And while we should never pretend that the distinctions are adequate , in their usually rather complacent conventional forms , it would be quite wrong to disregard the actual or attempted social relations , of an alternative kind , which the attempts at differentiation , and the initiatives and marginal institutions corresponding to them , undoubtedly represent .
and while we should never pretend that the distinctions are adequate , in their usually rather complacent conventional forms , it would be quite wrong to disregard the actual or attempted social relations , of an alternative kind , which the [tries] at differentiation , and the initiatives and marginal institutions corresponding to them , undoubtedly represent .

And when we see these attempts as themselves social processes , we can continue the inquiry , instead of cutting it short .
and when we see these [tries] as themselves social processes , we can continue the inquiry , instead of cutting it short .

Her mind was still seething when she reached Maggie 's ; it took her two attempts to key the code into the computer-lock right-handed .
her mind was still seething when she reached maggie 's ; it took her two [tries] to key the code into the computer-lock right-handed .

Ember slithered more firmly on her body , his hands mashing hers helpless behind her head despite her attempts to free them from his grasp .
ember slithered more firmly on her body , his hands mashing hers helpless behind her head despite her [tries] to free them from his grasp .

Hence , despite the brave attempts of many farm workers ' leaders since the days of the Tolpuddle Martyrs , the farm worker has little history beyond poverty , dependence and remorseless labour .
hence , despite the brave [tries] of many farm workers ' leaders since the days of the tolpuddle martyrs , the farm worker has little history beyond poverty , dependence and remorseless labour .

Less than 10 per cent of the housing stock in rural England and Wales consisted of council houses , despite all the attempts at pump-priming which had been carried out from Whitehall .
less than 10 per cent of the housing stock in rural england and wales consisted of council houses , despite all the [tries] at pump-priming which had been carried out from whitehall .

Any attempts to persuade farmers of the necessity of environmental conservation must take all these factors into account .
any [tries] to persuade farmers of the necessity of environmental conservation must take all these factors into account .

Any infringement of the owner 's exclusive rights will be resisted , and for this reason , if no other , attempts to provide a planned resolution of the conflict between farming and the environment will prove difficult .
any infringement of the owner 's exclusive rights will be resisted , and for this reason , if no other , [tries] to provide a planned resolution of the conflict between farming and the environment will prove difficult .

Although attempts are being made to remedy this lack of knowledge , there are still many assumptions about recreation and the countryside which are taken as facts .
although [tries] are being made to remedy this lack of knowledge , there are still many assumptions about recreation and the countryside which are taken as facts .

Similarly students ' attempts to control which have not been predetermined by others may be deemed illegitimate — that is , as ‘ behavioural problems ’ or a lack of ‘ acceptance of disability ’ .
similarly students ' [tries] to control which have not been predetermined by others may be deemed illegitimate — that is , as ‘ behavioural problems ’ or a lack of ‘ acceptance of disability ’ .

During the study period , however , two attempts were made to resurrect the user committee .
during the study period , however , two [tries] were made to resurrect the user committee .

It also undermined staff 's attempts to encourage users ' self-determination .
it also undermined staff 's [tries] to encourage users ' self-determination .

Gender is also a particularly important factor in determining whether or not individuals are supported or prevented in their attempts to live independently .
gender is also a particularly important factor in determining whether or not individuals are supported or prevented in their [tries] to live independently .

Part of the process of gaining control over our lives involves us in resisting their attempts to box us in the pigeonhole of ‘ client ’ — and to expose their self-styled , self-seeking efforts to elevate their second-hand knowledge about disability into a ‘ profession ’ .
part of the process of gaining control over our lives involves us in resisting their [tries] to box us in the pigeonhole of ‘ client ’ — and to expose their self-styled , self-seeking efforts to elevate their second-hand knowledge about disability into a ‘ profession ’ .

An area of corporate discretion traditionally less constrained by bargaining relates to the nature of the work experience : whether , for instance , employees are allowed to participate in decision-making at appropriate levels in the organisation ; whether attempts are made to enrich otherwise boring jobs by rotation of tasks ; or whether the introduction of new technology leads to de-skilling or instead prompts investment in the acquisition of new competencies .
an area of corporate discretion traditionally less constrained by bargaining relates to the nature of the work experience : whether , for instance , employees are allowed to participate in decision-making at appropriate levels in the organisation ; whether [tries] are made to enrich otherwise boring jobs by rotation of tasks ; or whether the introduction of new technology leads to de-skilling or instead prompts investment in the acquisition of new competencies .

It is widely accepted that attempts to apply the concession theory in modern conditions are inapposite : there is no longer any ‘ privilege ’ involved in obtaining corporate status and the source of companies ' ’ economic energy ’ undoubtedly lies in individual initiative and not in the state .
it is widely accepted that [tries] to apply the concession theory in modern conditions are inapposite : there is no longer any ‘ privilege ’ involved in obtaining corporate status and the source of companies ' ’ economic energy ’ undoubtedly lies in individual initiative and not in the state .

Haveing therefore an intire Confidence that his said Highnesse the Prince of Orange will perfect the deliverance soe farr advanced by him and will still preserve them from the violation of their rights which they have here asserted and from all other attempts upon their Religion Rights and Liberties .
haveing therefore an intire confidence that his said highnesse the prince of orange will perfect the deliverance soe farr advanced by him and will still preserve them from the violation of their rights which they have here asserted and from all other [tries] upon their religion rights and liberties .

In this and other ways some attempts have been made to integrate the differing traditions of music and worship .
in this and other ways some [tries] have been made to integrate the differing traditions of music and worship .

Attempts to establish a comprehensive scheme to include more hymns and to cover all publishers have so far been unsuccessful .
[tries] to establish a comprehensive scheme to include more hymns and to cover all publishers have so far been unsuccessful .

They will do so ever more loudly as the organ attempts to drown their noise .
they will do so ever more loudly as the organ [tries] to drown their noise .

However , attempts to change the pattern of subject choice amongst women have not adequately addressed three central questions :
however , [tries] to change the pattern of subject choice amongst women have not adequately addressed three central questions :

At the same time , it draws from each of these approaches , and attempts to integrate them : Hartmann 's ( 1981 ) essay on the subject is appropriately entitled ‘ The unhappy marriage of Marxism and feminism ’ .
at the same time , it draws from each of these approaches , and [tries] to integrate them : hartmann 's ( 1981 ) essay on the subject is appropriately entitled ‘ the unhappy marriage of marxism and feminism ’ .

Even in the ‘ feminine ’ arts , however , women have been subject to more subtle pressures : arts , it is believed , are the domain of ‘ feminine ’ men , not women , and there have been attempts in recent years to render the arts more ‘ masculine ’ .
even in the ‘ feminine ’ arts , however , women have been subject to more subtle pressures : arts , it is believed , are the domain of ‘ feminine ’ men , not women , and there have been [tries] in recent years to render the arts more ‘ masculine ’ .

Attempts were made on Sukarno 's life .
[tries] were made on sukarno 's life .

Matching the Government 's economic achievement has been its attempts to change the way Britons collectively think about work .
matching the government 's economic achievement has been its [tries] to change the way britons collectively think about work .

It also shows women are over-represented in education , languages and literature and music/drama/art/design , whereas men are over-represented in engineering and technology and science , and that this pattern has not changed a great deal over the period , despite attempts to even out the balance , and in particular to attract more women on to science and technology courses .
it also shows women are over-represented in education , languages and literature and music/drama/art/design , whereas men are over-represented in engineering and technology and science , and that this pattern has not changed a great deal over the period , despite [tries] to even out the balance , and in particular to attract more women on to science and technology courses .

In one way , they represent little more than the attempts of established disciplines to retain market share in a situation of academic and economic scarcity .
in one way , they represent little more than the [tries] of established disciplines to retain market share in a situation of academic and economic scarcity .

He reviews various previous attempts to categorize different kinds of knowledge , some of which have been mentioned above , and devotes particular attention to Pantin 's ( 1968 ) distinction between restricted and unrestricted sciences , Biglan 's ( 1973 ) three dimensions of hard/soft , pure/applied , and life/non-life and Kolb 's ( 1981 ) typology of abstract/concrete and active/reflective .
he reviews various previous [tries] to categorize different kinds of knowledge , some of which have been mentioned above , and devotes particular attention to pantin 's ( 1968 ) distinction between restricted and unrestricted sciences , biglan 's ( 1973 ) three dimensions of hard/soft , pure/applied , and life/non-life and kolb 's ( 1981 ) typology of abstract/concrete and active/reflective .

The bulk of writing about academic disciplines is , however , specific to each discipline , and there are relatively few examples of attempts to extract generalities about the nature of the academic or the nature of disciplines .
the bulk of writing about academic disciplines is , however , specific to each discipline , and there are relatively few examples of [tries] to extract generalities about the nature of the academic or the nature of disciplines .

Paradoxically , some of these attempts have arisen out of challenges to the very notion of a discipline , through ‘ interdisciplinary ’ work or ‘ modular ’ schemes .
paradoxically , some of these [tries] have arisen out of challenges to the very notion of a discipline , through ‘ interdisciplinary ’ work or ‘ modular ’ schemes .

There have been attempts to classify broad ‘ occupational training families ’ , and an emphasis on ‘ multi-skilling ’ , particularly for those who work in the service sector .
there have been [tries] to classify broad ‘ occupational training families ’ , and an emphasis on ‘ multi-skilling ’ , particularly for those who work in the service sector .

At the Middle English stage , the description of divergence is still very salient ( partly because the states attested in writing are unquestionably divergent states ) , but we also begin to notice attempts to launder the data retrospectively in such a way as to focus on those features that lead to modern ‘ standard ’ English and to ignore , reject or explain away those features that deviate from it .
at the middle english stage , the description of divergence is still very salient ( partly because the states attested in writing are unquestionably divergent states ) , but we also begin to notice [tries] to launder the data retrospectively in such a way as to focus on those features that lead to modern ‘ standard ’ english and to ignore , reject or explain away those features that deviate from it .

Therefore , it must be treated as a process with an underlying socio-political motivation , which attempts to promote uniformity and suppress variability for reasons that are considered functional .
therefore , it must be treated as a process with an underlying socio-political motivation , which [tries] to promote uniformity and suppress variability for reasons that are considered functional .

In the case of the United States or Britain this centre is likely to be a locus of ‘ private ’ calculation which attempts to co-ordinate across a range of economic activities .
in the case of the united states or britain this centre is likely to be a locus of ‘ private ’ calculation which [tries] to co-ordinate across a range of economic activities .

( 1971 ) Gramsci suggested that intellectual ideology is reflected in modern everyday reality : the modern ideologist creates , or attempts to create , a cultural hegemony .
( 1971 ) gramsci suggested that intellectual ideology is reflected in modern everyday reality : the modern ideologist creates , or [tries] to create , a cultural hegemony .

There have been a number of attempts to understand the social-psychological dynamics of the belief in a world conspiracy .
there have been a number of [tries] to understand the social-psychological dynamics of the belief in a world conspiracy .

The Companies Act 1989 attempts to remove the need for these lengthy clauses by providing that a company 's objects may be stated in any manner .
the companies act 1989 [tries] to remove the need for these lengthy clauses by providing that a company 's objects may be stated in any manner .

As the purpose of an administration order is to give the company the necessary breathing space to achieve one or more of the purposes for which the order was made , the Act contains provisions designed to preserve the status quo and protect the property of the company against claims by creditors while the administrator attempts to achieve the purpose of the administration order .
as the purpose of an administration order is to give the company the necessary breathing space to achieve one or more of the purposes for which the order was made , the act contains provisions designed to preserve the status quo and protect the property of the company against claims by creditors while the administrator [tries] to achieve the purpose of the administration order .

This will be followed by a consideration of the relatively few attempts systematically to distinguish the social properties of the object from those of language as expressive medium .
this will be followed by a consideration of the relatively few [tries] systematically to distinguish the social properties of the object from those of language as expressive medium .

The pathological connotations of the term paranoid-schizoid are more appropriate to the reappearance of certain of these strategies later in life , when they become overextended from their normal place , and therefore develop as aspects of rupture , as when an adult attempts to gain power and control over another person as a substitute for the development of self-discipline .
the pathological connotations of the term paranoid-schizoid are more appropriate to the reappearance of certain of these strategies later in life , when they become overextended from their normal place , and therefore develop as aspects of rupture , as when an adult [tries] to gain power and control over another person as a substitute for the development of self-discipline .

Piaget attempts to map the increasing capacity for abstraction implied by the symbolic function , showing that in this development , language , which depends on an entirely conventional relationship between sign and signified , is bound to come at a relatively late stage .
piaget [tries] to map the increasing capacity for abstraction implied by the symbolic function , showing that in this development , language , which depends on an entirely conventional relationship between sign and signified , is bound to come at a relatively late stage .

There have been very few attempts systematically to contrast their different properties .
there have been very few [tries] systematically to contrast their different properties .

One of the very few art historians to have moved away from the unique art object to consider more mundane phenomena is Gombrich , whose book , The Sense of Order ( 1979 ) attempts to make generalizations about the nature of design , as opposed to art .
one of the very few art historians to have moved away from the unique art object to consider more mundane phenomena is gombrich , whose book , the sense of order ( 1979 ) [tries] to make generalizations about the nature of design , as opposed to art .

Our images of the house are continually modified by the actual houses we encounter , and our perceptions of their size , shape , order and limitations ; and the effect of this is most pronounced when we engage in attempts to alter , extend , or discover pleasure in some physical aspect of this materiality which may resist these constraints .
our images of the house are continually modified by the actual houses we encounter , and our perceptions of their size , shape , order and limitations ; and the effect of this is most pronounced when we engage in [tries] to alter , extend , or discover pleasure in some physical aspect of this materiality which may resist these constraints .

Consumer psychology attempts to relate sets of objects to groups of people as ‘ target ’ populations , but , whilst it deals entirely with artefacts , it does not address the question of their particular nature as concrete material culture .
consumer psychology [tries] to relate sets of objects to groups of people as ‘ target ’ populations , but , whilst it deals entirely with artefacts , it does not address the question of their particular nature as concrete material culture .

In certain societies , spatial planning has been used to represent a sacred order which is of an ideal form , and within which actual human society attempts to exemplify certain principles , often creating tightly controlled urban populations ordered according to spatial dimensions such as left and right hands , verticality and circumambulation ( e.g .
in certain societies , spatial planning has been used to represent a sacred order which is of an ideal form , and within which actual human society [tries] to exemplify certain principles , often creating tightly controlled urban populations ordered according to spatial dimensions such as left and right hands , verticality and circumambulation ( e.g .

It is interesting to note a similar problem with attempts to put some of his ideas into practice .
it is interesting to note a similar problem with [tries] to put some of his ideas into practice .

Each group attempts to project its interests , its ‘ capital ’ , as the proper source for social reputation and status .
each group [tries] to project its interests , its ‘ capital ’ , as the proper source for social reputation and status .

Although he often uses occupation and length of time in educational institutions as the axes for his displays and charts , in the text he attempts to encompass a far greater range of differences based on gender , age and expectation .
although he often uses occupation and length of time in educational institutions as the axes for his displays and charts , in the text he [tries] to encompass a far greater range of differences based on gender , age and expectation .

Bourdieu also attempts a balance between relativism and moral judgement .
bourdieu also [tries] a balance between relativism and moral judgement .

There has been , however , a range of attempts to emphasize the place of commodities in exemplifying some general condition of dominance , which goes beyond the more particular implications of ideology .
there has been , however , a range of [tries] to emphasize the place of commodities in exemplifying some general condition of dominance , which goes beyond the more particular implications of ideology .

As an illustration of what appears to be the inevitable result of a strongly objectivist analysis which presupposes its equal relevance for all commodity forms , there follows a brief summary of the trajectory taken by one of the more sustained attempts to focus on the commodity as the central object of research , by the French social theorist Baudrillard .
as an illustration of what appears to be the inevitable result of a strongly objectivist analysis which presupposes its equal relevance for all commodity forms , there follows a brief summary of the trajectory taken by one of the more sustained [tries] to focus on the commodity as the central object of research , by the french social theorist baudrillard .

Instead of assuming that their development progresses along a smooth and unproblematic path it is assumed that there have to be mechanisms and policies to overcome constantly recurring disequilibria and attempts to gain some sort of balance ( for example , between agriculture and industry ; between the amounts available for consumption and for investment in new capital ; between money and financial capital on one hand and production on the other ; and , especially , between capital and labour ) .
instead of assuming that their development progresses along a smooth and unproblematic path it is assumed that there have to be mechanisms and policies to overcome constantly recurring disequilibria and [tries] to gain some sort of balance ( for example , between agriculture and industry ; between the amounts available for consumption and for investment in new capital ; between money and financial capital on one hand and production on the other ; and , especially , between capital and labour ) .

AIthough there are common concerns shared by the two theories , and indeed attempts to draw on both of them , there are also differences in terms of , for instance , the way in which they characterize society , or the part of it they are dealing with , the degree to which they focus on production and technology , whether their focus is on sectors or wider processes , and in relation to evidence ( both in terms of whether their balance is towards description or explanation and in terms of their interpretation of evidence ) .
aithough there are common concerns shared by the two theories , and indeed [tries] to draw on both of them , there are also differences in terms of , for instance , the way in which they characterize society , or the part of it they are dealing with , the degree to which they focus on production and technology , whether their focus is on sectors or wider processes , and in relation to evidence ( both in terms of whether their balance is towards description or explanation and in terms of their interpretation of evidence ) .

The search for characteristics which are common to all services has floundered and attempts to treat the services as a homogeneous group have been plagued by the differences between services , in the kinds of labour involved , the type of work performed and the nature of the product .
the search for characteristics which are common to all services has floundered and [tries] to treat the services as a homogeneous group have been plagued by the differences between services , in the kinds of labour involved , the type of work performed and the nature of the product .

Wildavsky ( 1975 , p. 5 ) describes budgeting as ‘ attempts to allocate financial resources through political processes to serve differing human purposes ’ .
wildavsky ( 1975 , p. 5 ) describes budgeting as ‘ [tries] to allocate financial resources through political processes to serve differing human purposes ’ .

While this Canadian experiment attempts to provide as many performance measures as possible , it is admitted that it is not practical to provide measures for all programmes .
while this canadian experiment [tries] to provide as many performance measures as possible , it is admitted that it is not practical to provide measures for all programmes .

Many current government programmes reflect major attempts to improve social and economic conditions in an increasingly complex society .
many current government programmes reflect major [tries] to improve social and economic conditions in an increasingly complex society .

The business development department is responsible for assessment of long-term user needs , long-term planning , and co-operation with research , which attempts to solve technological problems associated with future requirements .
the business development department is responsible for assessment of long-term user needs , long-term planning , and co-operation with research , which [tries] to solve technological problems associated with future requirements .

There were attempts to abolish the butty system in Nottinghamshire around the end of the First World War ( i.e .
there were [tries] to abolish the butty system in nottinghamshire around the end of the first world war ( i.e .

Thus a cultural region is often circumscribed by a set of administrative boundaries , a practice which fails to conform with other attempts to define the country 's cultural regions .
thus a cultural region is often circumscribed by a set of administrative boundaries , a practice which fails to conform with other [tries] to define the country 's cultural regions .

For many , the task of policing relaxed consents was a source of considerable professional embarrassment following their attempts to secure compliance with the former , stricter , standards .
for many , the task of policing relaxed consents was a source of considerable professional embarrassment following their [tries] to secure compliance with the former , stricter , standards .

The officer must indeed be prepared to sustain his attempts at persuasiveness over a long period of time , a matter which can pose problems , for he must be able to sense when a less conciliatory performance is warranted and a show of force , however discreet , would be appropriate .
the officer must indeed be prepared to sustain his [tries] at persuasiveness over a long period of time , a matter which can pose problems , for he must be able to sense when a less conciliatory performance is warranted and a show of force , however discreet , would be appropriate .

Though the topic is , of course , one particularly difficult to research , very little evidence emerged that attempts were made to co-opt field staff in this way .
though the topic is , of course , one particularly difficult to research , very little evidence emerged that [tries] were made to co-opt field staff in this way .

Attempts to further the degree of contact between field and headquarters staff through more extensive reporting , and efforts to make their job more ‘ scientific ’ in their view merely restrict their occupational freedom .
[tries] to further the degree of contact between field and headquarters staff through more extensive reporting , and efforts to make their job more ‘ scientific ’ in their view merely restrict their occupational freedom .

Entailment between readings also bedevils attempts to demonstrate antagonism between the ‘ exactly ’ and ‘ at least ’ interpretations of numerals and other expressions of quantity . The Yes / No -test suggests that this is a genuine ambiguity :
entailment between readings also bedevils [tries] to demonstrate antagonism between the ‘ exactly ’ and ‘ at least ’ interpretations of numerals and other expressions of quantity . the yes / no -test suggests that this is a genuine ambiguity :

Claudia 's thesis on the exchange of gifts attempts to confirm the presence of the universal spirit at work in the Masai .
claudia 's thesis on the exchange of gifts [tries] to confirm the presence of the universal spirit at work in the masai .

In the seventy-seven subsequent years that divide the publication of Sketches by Boz and the accession of Queen Victoria from the outbreak of the First World War , fictional houses are seen rather than sensed , until the burden of acquisition , despite attempts to redeem it , becomes a tyranny which ultimately destroys the Victorian notion of ‘ home ’ .
in the seventy-seven subsequent years that divide the publication of sketches by boz and the accession of queen victoria from the outbreak of the first world war , fictional houses are seen rather than sensed , until the burden of acquisition , despite [tries] to redeem it , becomes a tyranny which ultimately destroys the victorian notion of ‘ home ’ .

Becher and Maclure also lament the reinforcing of subject fragmentation encouraged by the Schools Council , which paid little attention to the whole curriculum ; their few attempts giving ‘ predictably marshmallow results ’ .
becher and maclure also lament the reinforcing of subject fragmentation encouraged by the schools council , which paid little attention to the whole curriculum ; their few [tries] giving ‘ predictably marshmallow results ’ .

The next type of planned town includes those which are reasonably well dated to the tenth to thirteenth centuries and which were clearly new planned urban centres added on to existing villages by their owners as attempts to encourage trade .
the next type of planned town includes those which are reasonably well dated to the tenth to thirteenth centuries and which were clearly new planned urban centres added on to existing villages by their owners as [tries] to encourage trade .

Planned towns were deliberate attempts to exploit the economic possibilities of a site ; and like any other investment could go wrong .
planned towns were deliberate [tries] to exploit the economic possibilities of a site ; and like any other investment could go wrong .

The assumption is that these were wounded veterans , from the wars with the Saracens in Spain , rather than victims of hunting accidents , and that it was Arab , not Christian surgeons who were adept at fitting these early attempts at an artificial limb .
the assumption is that these were wounded veterans , from the wars with the saracens in spain , rather than victims of hunting accidents , and that it was arab , not christian surgeons who were adept at fitting these early [tries] at an artificial limb .

Attempts are made to route them into low-level manual work regardless of ability or level of motivation for further education , and discrimination in entry to training schemes acts as a further block to employment and careers ( Wrench , 1987 , 1990 ) .
[tries] are made to route them into low-level manual work regardless of ability or level of motivation for further education , and discrimination in entry to training schemes acts as a further block to employment and careers ( wrench , 1987 , 1990 ) .

One index of the theoretical and educational congruences between multiculturalism and antiracism is the underlying similarity between multiculturalist attempts to combat racial prejudice by the provision of ‘ positive images ’ and the antiracist injunction to present black histories primarily as narratives of resistance and struggle against racism ( Jeffcoate , 1979 ; Hatcher and Shallice , 1983 , p. 10 ) .
one index of the theoretical and educational congruences between multiculturalism and antiracism is the underlying similarity between multiculturalist [tries] to combat racial prejudice by the provision of ‘ positive images ’ and the antiracist injunction to present black histories primarily as narratives of resistance and struggle against racism ( jeffcoate , 1979 ; hatcher and shallice , 1983 , p. 10 ) .

Nevertheless there are difficulties here which must be confronted if both multicultural and antiracist attempts at the development of alternative curricula and popular cultural forms are to avoid oversimplification and naïvety .
nevertheless there are difficulties here which must be confronted if both multicultural and antiracist [tries] at the development of alternative curricula and popular cultural forms are to avoid oversimplification and naïvety .

Black artists , photographers , film makers and cultural critics have been in the forefront of demands and attempts to break the bounds of an aesthetic of ‘ positive images ’ .
black artists , photographers , film makers and cultural critics have been in the forefront of demands and [tries] to break the bounds of an aesthetic of ‘ positive images ’ .

The pathological model reaches its apotheosis in attempts to explain the origin and distribution of racist beliefs in terms of the personal characteristics of those who espouse them .
the pathological model reaches its apotheosis in [tries] to explain the origin and distribution of racist beliefs in terms of the personal characteristics of those who espouse them .

My actual intervention was linked to wider attempts to combat these influences by developing a new cultural politics of antiracism based around ‘ two tone music ’ .
my actual intervention was linked to wider [tries] to combat these influences by developing a new cultural politics of antiracism based around ‘ two tone music ’ .

Attempts to illustrate their size tend to stupefy rather than enlighten .
[tries] to illustrate their size tend to stupefy rather than enlighten .

Further attempts at negotiation failed but by the time the dragoons appeared , the crowd had unaccountably melted away .
further [tries] at negotiation failed but by the time the dragoons appeared , the crowd had unaccountably melted away .

This , and the free labour conflict conducted by the Shipping Federation , troubled him less , however , than the Federation 's malicious attempts to destroy his credibility and that of the union by maligning his character and labelling him a criminal .
this , and the free labour conflict conducted by the shipping federation , troubled him less , however , than the federation 's malicious [tries] to destroy his credibility and that of the union by maligning his character and labelling him a criminal .

Nor did the reinforcement of Havelock Wilson 's powers in the new union , or his patrician and domineering style of running it , make allies out of the more independently minded of the local leadership , while his attempts at centralised financial control left him open to frequent accusations of mismanagement .
nor did the reinforcement of havelock wilson 's powers in the new union , or his patrician and domineering style of running it , make allies out of the more independently minded of the local leadership , while his [tries] at centralised financial control left him open to frequent accusations of mismanagement .

Tillett was convinced that despite its attempts to mediate , the government had been helping the employers . ``
tillett was convinced that despite its [tries] to mediate , the government had been helping the employers . ``

Attempts by trade unions to organise such temporary workers might well make little headway , as much because the latter do not perceive that they need unions to protect them as because they are a transient population .
[tries] by trade unions to organise such temporary workers might well make little headway , as much because the latter do not perceive that they need unions to protect them as because they are a transient population .

The industrial relations problems of the docks in the 1950s and 1960s could , in the eyes of many commentators , be ascribed to the institution of casual working and the ( ultimately successful ) attempts by the trade unions to replace it with a system of regular employment for dock labourers ( see Wilson , 1972 ) .
the industrial relations problems of the docks in the 1950s and 1960s could , in the eyes of many commentators , be ascribed to the institution of casual working and the ( ultimately successful ) [tries] by the trade unions to replace it with a system of regular employment for dock labourers ( see wilson , 1972 ) .

Since there is no single , objective definition of `` temporary `` , measurement attempts which have been made have had to rely upon subjective definitions , either of workers or of employers .
since there is no single , objective definition of `` temporary `` , measurement [tries] which have been made have had to rely upon subjective definitions , either of workers or of employers .

Whilst the unions ' attempts to regulate the use of the `` new `` temporary workers might prove successful , their attempts to organise `` traditional `` temporary workers seem much less likely to bear fruit .
whilst the unions ' [tries] to regulate the use of the `` new `` temporary workers might prove successful , their [tries] to organise `` traditional `` temporary workers seem much less likely to bear fruit .

There has been much discussion of attempts to increase labour force `` flexibility `` and the rise of the `` flexible firm `` , although it is not always clear if this discussion is based upon descriptions , predictions or prescriptions .
there has been much discussion of [tries] to increase labour force `` flexibility `` and the rise of the `` flexible firm `` , although it is not always clear if this discussion is based upon descriptions , predictions or prescriptions .

As to the second point , there are numerous cases in which attempts have been made to induce the courts to review or ignore decisions of the visitor acting within his jurisdiction , all of which have been unsuccessful .
as to the second point , there are numerous cases in which [tries] have been made to induce the courts to review or ignore decisions of the visitor acting within his jurisdiction , all of which have been unsuccessful .

In our attempts to draw the design activity back to a single integrated whole we have to look back to parallels close to that point of initial separation .
in our [tries] to draw the design activity back to a single integrated whole we have to look back to parallels close to that point of initial separation .

Whilst this process may , for this model , take up to 20 iterations to achieve an acceptable assembly from a disjointed starting point , once an association has been accomplished for the first time and , if only small disturbances are imposed , re-association may be accomplished in as few as three attempts .
whilst this process may , for this model , take up to 20 iterations to achieve an acceptable assembly from a disjointed starting point , once an association has been accomplished for the first time and , if only small disturbances are imposed , re-association may be accomplished in as few as three [tries] .

If an arrangement is chosen that can not physically pass through its end positions without breaking the couple , then the iterative procedure will state , after a set number of attempts , that it is unable to re-establish the associations in this configuration .
if an arrangement is chosen that can not physically pass through its end positions without breaking the couple , then the iterative procedure will state , after a set number of [tries] , that it is unable to re-establish the associations in this configuration .

The harbour was crammed with the great prahus which we had come so far for , but our attempts to communicate with the captains and crewmen were discouraging .
the harbour was crammed with the great prahus which we had come so far for , but our [tries] to communicate with the captains and crewmen were discouraging .

Every sunset the apes would return from their day 's foraging to sleep in the branches of this giant tree , and we were driven to distraction by our repeated attempts to film them properly in the few seconds after they arrived and before the sun set .
every sunset the apes would return from their day 's foraging to sleep in the branches of this giant tree , and we were driven to distraction by our repeated [tries] to film them properly in the few seconds after they arrived and before the sun set .

Perhaps the papers must be examined twice by two different examiners in different parts of the country ; the marks must be sent in to the central body by a certain date ; there may be not only scores of examination papers but hundreds , each of them containing the attempts of several questions .
perhaps the papers must be examined twice by two different examiners in different parts of the country ; the marks must be sent in to the central body by a certain date ; there may be not only scores of examination papers but hundreds , each of them containing the [tries] of several questions .

Its eyes can discern very small intervals of time ( it can respond to a falling hand in less than one hundredth of a second ) , and our clumsy attempts to kill it must appear ponderously slow , as if filmed in slow motion .
its eyes can discern very small intervals of time ( it can respond to a falling hand in less than one hundredth of a second ) , and our clumsy [tries] to kill it must appear ponderously slow , as if filmed in slow motion .

This series attempts to combine the best of traditional and modern mathematics , and is based upon many years of experience teaching both approaches to the subject .
this series [tries] to combine the best of traditional and modern mathematics , and is based upon many years of experience teaching both approaches to the subject .

They made courteous and persistent attempts to amuse her .
they made courteous and persistent [tries] to amuse her .

And the involuntary malice within the desperate attempts to remain on the safe side of the frontier of madness .
and the involuntary malice within the desperate [tries] to remain on the safe side of the frontier of madness .

Our attempts at determining both the electric field strength and the potential have started with considering the effect of a single point charge and have been followed by an integration for obtaining the total effect of the infinitely long line charge .
our [tries] at determining both the electric field strength and the potential have started with considering the effect of a single point charge and have been followed by an integration for obtaining the total effect of the infinitely long line charge .

However , the split-brain findings may not apply to normal subjects , and attempts to compare the relative effects of damage to left and right sides of the brain are notoriously fraught with problems .
however , the split-brain findings may not apply to normal subjects , and [tries] to compare the relative effects of damage to left and right sides of the brain are notoriously fraught with problems .

Attempts have been made to determine whether there is a correlation between manual preference and eye dominance , but to date the results are conflicting .
[tries] have been made to determine whether there is a correlation between manual preference and eye dominance , but to date the results are conflicting .

Attempts have been made to decide between the above two explanations .
[tries] have been made to decide between the above two explanations .

Such attempts have usually been based on the notion that the response to a stimulus presented in , say , the left visual field , should be quicker from the left hand than from the right .
such [tries] have usually been based on the notion that the response to a stimulus presented in , say , the left visual field , should be quicker from the left hand than from the right .

Attempts to exchange materials , or to show your tapes at a conference , can very easily be thwarted if you are not aware of all the possible variations .
[tries] to exchange materials , or to show your tapes at a conference , can very easily be thwarted if you are not aware of all the possible variations .

It attempts to make an important connection between social conditions and the origins of political revolution .
it [tries] to make an important connection between social conditions and the origins of political revolution .

This construction usually evoked great alarm among the surrounding natives and led to attempts to destroy the fort which had been built on their land … There followed severe repression with the aim of terrifying the recalcitrant , and mutinous princelings usually paid for their revolt by death on a gibbet … [ But ] extermination of the natives was not in Moscow 's interests .
this construction usually evoked great alarm among the surrounding natives and led to [tries] to destroy the fort which had been built on their land … there followed severe repression with the aim of terrifying the recalcitrant , and mutinous princelings usually paid for their revolt by death on a gibbet … [ but ] extermination of the natives was not in moscow 's interests .

Attempts by the Orthodox clergy to convert the indigenous peoples , mainly shamanists , to Christianity were in some case approved of by the authorities , but generally in the period under study there was a reluctance to permit the baptism of natives , since they then ceased to pay yasak .
[tries] by the orthodox clergy to convert the indigenous peoples , mainly shamanists , to christianity were in some case approved of by the authorities , but generally in the period under study there was a reluctance to permit the baptism of natives , since they then ceased to pay yasak .

All Russian attempts to penetrate the Teleuts ' territories were opposed , since they regarded themselves as overlords in the northern Altai .
all russian [tries] to penetrate the teleuts ' territories were opposed , since they regarded themselves as overlords in the northern altai .

Attempts to reconstruct the ethnogenesis of the peoples of Siberia have preoccupied many Russian scholars .
[tries] to reconstruct the ethnogenesis of the peoples of siberia have preoccupied many russian scholars .

The settlers ' attempts at agriculture were frustrated , except on the southern steppe frontier , by frozen subsoil and the sub-arctic climate , and as they were carried out by the primitive ‘ slash-and-burn ’ method , were highly destructive of the forest environment .
the settlers ' [tries] at agriculture were frustrated , except on the southern steppe frontier , by frozen subsoil and the sub-arctic climate , and as they were carried out by the primitive ‘ slash-and-burn ’ method , were highly destructive of the forest environment .

So tightly can Loricariids sucker themselves with their flattened mouths that their mouths would actually be torn by attempts at removing them from the logs .
so tightly can loricariids sucker themselves with their flattened mouths that their mouths would actually be torn by [tries] at removing them from the logs .

The same rows of uncomfortable chairs , the same improvised curtains , the same primitive lighting effects , the same take-off versions of popular songs , the same in-jokes , the same attempts at topicality , the same satirical renderings of figures of authority .
the same rows of uncomfortable chairs , the same improvised curtains , the same primitive lighting effects , the same take-off versions of popular songs , the same in-jokes , the same [tries] at topicality , the same satirical renderings of figures of authority .

Attempts , in continental law , to reduce this vulnerability , by introducing a legal official into the investigatory stage , have not been successful .
[tries] , in continental law , to reduce this vulnerability , by introducing a legal official into the investigatory stage , have not been successful .

Much of this has been changed by the 1988 Code of Criminal Procedure , which attempts to move away from the inquisitorial system and to introduce adversarial elements into the criminal process .
much of this has been changed by the 1988 code of criminal procedure , which [tries] to move away from the inquisitorial system and to introduce adversarial elements into the criminal process .

To increase the reliability of police investigations we need , in the first place , to accept that the cause for flawed police results is generally rooted in serious problems encountered in attempts to determine what happened in the past .
to increase the reliability of police investigations we need , in the first place , to accept that the cause for flawed police results is generally rooted in serious problems encountered in [tries] to determine what happened in the past .

Attempts were made during the war to bomb Saddam 's convoy , and the American attack on the Al-Amariyah shelter , which resulted the in the deaths if up to 300 women and children , seems to have been ordered because a high intensity of walkie-talkie traffic was detected at the shelter .
[tries] were made during the war to bomb saddam 's convoy , and the american attack on the al-amariyah shelter , which resulted the in the deaths if up to 300 women and children , seems to have been ordered because a high intensity of walkie-talkie traffic was detected at the shelter .

Their jobs become more and more difficult , their independence is eroded , and their wages are threatened by government attempts to cut spending .
their jobs become more and more difficult , their independence is eroded , and their wages are threatened by government [tries] to cut spending .

Furthermore , he claims that attempts to make clerical work more routine have had a limited impact because clerical skills and qualifications have not been standardized .
furthermore , he claims that [tries] to make clerical work more routine have had a limited impact because clerical skills and qualifications have not been standardized .

The larger charities — which have recently formed a group known as Research for Health Charities to respond to criticism of the use of animals in experiments — also feel that Wolfson 's stand undermines their attempts to establish a united front .
the larger charities — which have recently formed a group known as research for health charities to respond to criticism of the use of animals in experiments — also feel that wolfson 's stand undermines their [tries] to establish a united front .

This problem , associated with attempts to ascribe probabilities to scientific laws and theories in the light of given evidence , has given rise to a detailed technical research programme that has been tenaciously pursued and developed by inductivists over the last few decades .
this problem , associated with [tries] to ascribe probabilities to scientific laws and theories in the light of given evidence , has given rise to a detailed technical research programme that has been tenaciously pursued and developed by inductivists over the last few decades .

Faced with the problem of induction and related problems , inductivists have run into one difficulty after another in their attempts to construe science as a set of statements that can be established as true or probably true in the light of given evidence .
faced with the problem of induction and related problems , inductivists have run into one difficulty after another in their [tries] to construe science as a set of statements that can be established as true or probably true in the light of given evidence .

Each stage in this series of attempts to consolidate the validity of the observation statement , ‘ Here is a piece of chalk ’ , involves an appeal not only to further observation statements but also to more theoretical generalizations .
each stage in this series of [tries] to consolidate the validity of the observation statement , ‘ here is a piece of chalk ’ , involves an appeal not only to further observation statements but also to more theoretical generalizations .

The enterprise of science consists in the proposal of highly falsifiable hypotheses , followed by deliberate and tenacious attempts to falsify them .
the enterprise of science consists in the proposal of highly falsifiable hypotheses , followed by deliberate and tenacious [tries] to falsify them .

It was also urged that science should progress by the proposal of bold , highly falsifiable conjectures as attempts to solve problems , followed by ruthless attempts to falsify the new proposals .
it was also urged that science should progress by the proposal of bold , highly falsifiable conjectures as [tries] to solve problems , followed by ruthless [tries] to falsify the new proposals .

The naive falsificationist insists that scientific activity should be concerned with attempts to falsify theories by establishing the truth of observation statements that are inconsistent with them .
the naive falsificationist insists that scientific activity should be concerned with [tries] to falsify theories by establishing the truth of observation statements that are inconsistent with them .

Normal science involves detailed attempts to articulate a paradigm with the aim of improving the match between it and nature .
normal science involves detailed [tries] to articulate a paradigm with the aim of improving the match between it and nature .

An anomaly will be regarded as particularly serious if it is seen as striking at the very fundamentals of a paradigm and yet persistently resists attempts by the members of the normal scientific community to remove it .
an anomaly will be regarded as particularly serious if it is seen as striking at the very fundamentals of a paradigm and yet persistently resists [tries] by the members of the normal scientific community to remove it .

Attempts to solve the problem become more and more radical and the rules set by the paradigm for the solution of problems become progressively more loosened .
[tries] to solve the problem become more and more radical and the rules set by the paradigm for the solution of problems become progressively more loosened .

It is through their confidence in the adequacy of a paradigm that scientists are able to devote their energies to attempts to solve the detailed puzzles presented to them within the paradigm , rather than engage in disputes about the legitimacy of their fundamental assumptions and methods .
it is through their confidence in the adequacy of a paradigm that scientists are able to devote their energies to [tries] to solve the detailed puzzles presented to them within the paradigm , rather than engage in disputes about the legitimacy of their fundamental assumptions and methods .

Among these Pythagoreans was Lysis of Tarentum , who was to be the teacher of the Theban statesman Epaminondas , but attempts to link Theban politics with Pythagorean philosophy are not convincing .
among these pythagoreans was lysis of tarentum , who was to be the teacher of the theban statesman epaminondas , but [tries] to link theban politics with pythagorean philosophy are not convincing .

Indirect methods include attempts to improve accessibility , technical education and training ; direct methods include the provision of factories and industrial estates .
indirect methods include [tries] to improve accessibility , technical education and training ; direct methods include the provision of factories and industrial estates .

There have been a number of attempts by central government to intervene in the region to stem the loss of population , dating from the 1886 Crofters Act ( Turnock 1969 ) .
there have been a number of [tries] by central government to intervene in the region to stem the loss of population , dating from the 1886 crofters act ( turnock 1969 ) .

In addition , attempts to interpret rural social change are hampered by the myths surrounding rural life , especially those that portray all rural communities as settings in which mutual aid and harmony of interests abound .
in addition , [tries] to interpret rural social change are hampered by the myths surrounding rural life , especially those that portray all rural communities as settings in which mutual aid and harmony of interests abound .

The Rent ( Agriculture ) Act 1976 made some attempts to introduce greater security of tenure for tied cottagers .
the rent ( agriculture ) act 1976 made some [tries] to introduce greater security of tenure for tied cottagers .

Coupled with attempts to provide compensation for the victims of crime , they represent an attractive package to a public deeply concerned with crime .
coupled with [tries] to provide compensation for the victims of crime , they represent an attractive package to a public deeply concerned with crime .

Fears were expressed about a slide towards trial by the news media and analogies were drawn with attempts to hold Shylock up to public abuse on the Rialto if he did not discontinue his action .
fears were expressed about a slide towards trial by the news media and analogies were drawn with [tries] to hold shylock up to public abuse on the rialto if he did not discontinue his action .

The romantic-lyrical ballad style of twentieth-century Tin Pan Alley clings stubbornly to its role in the representation of gender relations within the norms set by the stereotype of the bourgeois couple , despite attempts made from time to time to move it into new patterns with new meanings .
the romantic-lyrical ballad style of twentieth-century tin pan alley clings stubbornly to its role in the representation of gender relations within the norms set by the stereotype of the bourgeois couple , despite [tries] made from time to time to move it into new patterns with new meanings .

In a wider cultural perspective , this was the period too of Fascism and Stalinism , of the apparent collapse of socialist revolutionary possibilities in the advanced capitalist countries , and of the emergence within ‘ Western Marxism ’ of varied attempts ( by Lukács , by Gramsci and by the Frankfurt School , to which Adorno belonged ) to adapt Marxist theory in ways which took account of these developments .
in a wider cultural perspective , this was the period too of fascism and stalinism , of the apparent collapse of socialist revolutionary possibilities in the advanced capitalist countries , and of the emergence within ‘ western marxism ’ of varied [tries] ( by lukács , by gramsci and by the frankfurt school , to which adorno belonged ) to adapt marxist theory in ways which took account of these developments .

With her large photographs of articulated manikins contorted to display their manikin — genitalia and plastic joke-shop breasts , Cindy Sherman attempts to make her male audience uncomfortably aware of the de-humanising nature of the western male 's fragmented erotic view of the female body .
with her large photographs of articulated manikins contorted to display their manikin — genitalia and plastic joke-shop breasts , cindy sherman [tries] to make her male audience uncomfortably aware of the de-humanising nature of the western male 's fragmented erotic view of the female body .

The employment of able servants , particularly in the Treasury , entailed recurrent attempts to conciliate what was usable of the reformist tradition and even to appease the purged remnants of liberalism .
the employment of able servants , particularly in the treasury , entailed recurrent [tries] to conciliate what was usable of the reformist tradition and even to appease the purged remnants of liberalism .

The king would probably have liked to attract liberals on his own terms but all attempts at an amnesty after 1816 came to nothing .
the king would probably have liked to attract liberals on his own terms but all [tries] at an amnesty after 1816 came to nothing .

During the ensuing correspondence attempts were made on behalf of the applicant to obtain a much larger postponement whilst he sought to obtain legal aid for representation at the interview , but the Director of the Serious Fraud Office did not agree , and on 24 June she caused a further notice to be served , identical to the first , save that the interview was now to take place on 26 June , and the ‘ person under investigation ’ was identified as the applicant alone .
during the ensuing correspondence [tries] were made on behalf of the applicant to obtain a much larger postponement whilst he sought to obtain legal aid for representation at the interview , but the director of the serious fraud office did not agree , and on 24 june she caused a further notice to be served , identical to the first , save that the interview was now to take place on 26 june , and the ‘ person under investigation ’ was identified as the applicant alone .

Attempts to extract expressions of loyalty from the peasantry also backfired .
[tries] to extract expressions of loyalty from the peasantry also backfired .

The following years saw repeated attempts at reconciliation between the two factions , and local activists showed markedly less interest in ideological divisions than did leaders abroad .
the following years saw repeated [tries] at reconciliation between the two factions , and local activists showed markedly less interest in ideological divisions than did leaders abroad .

The attempts of the Provisional Government to consolidate the rule of the bourgeoisie duly failed .
the [tries] of the provisional government to consolidate the rule of the bourgeoisie duly failed .

Liberal attempts to find a middle way between radical demands for outright confiscation of noble land and conservative rejection of land reform failed to save the Second Duma .
liberal [tries] to find a middle way between radical demands for outright confiscation of noble land and conservative rejection of land reform failed to save the second duma .

The electoral success of the Kadets in the First Duma owed little to their largely unsuccessful attempts to attract the support of peasants and workers .
the electoral success of the kadets in the first duma owed little to their largely unsuccessful [tries] to attract the support of peasants and workers .

Around 2.30 , when , after several attempts , the waiter succeeded in removing Sixsmith 's untouched prawn cocktail , and now prepared to serve them their braised chop with a third carafe , the two men were arguing loudly about early Puzo .
around 2.30 , when , after several [tries] , the waiter succeeded in removing sixsmith 's untouched prawn cocktail , and now prepared to serve them their braised chop with a third carafe , the two men were arguing loudly about early puzo .

There were spells in hospital , attempts at treatment .
there were spells in hospital , [tries] at treatment .

Because sentencing is viewed by magistrates as a craft or mystery , whose rites are known only to initiates , ( as opposed to a rational enterprise dedicated to the pursuit of externally defined goals ) , this renders it both impervious to criticism from outside , and highly resistant to attempts at external control .
because sentencing is viewed by magistrates as a craft or mystery , whose rites are known only to initiates , ( as opposed to a rational enterprise dedicated to the pursuit of externally defined goals ) , this renders it both impervious to criticism from outside , and highly resistant to [tries] at external control .

attempts by the executive arm of government to influence sentencing are unconstitutional ; attempts by the legislature to interfere with the sentencing discretion of the courts are , even if not strictly unconstitutional , bound to result in both practical confusion and injustice to defendants ; the sentencing powers of the courts should therefore be left to the wisdom of the courts , under the guidance of the Court of Appeal . ( Ashworth , 1983a : 59 )
[tries] by the executive arm of government to influence sentencing are unconstitutional ; [tries] by the legislature to interfere with the sentencing discretion of the courts are , even if not strictly unconstitutional , bound to result in both practical confusion and injustice to defendants ; the sentencing powers of the courts should therefore be left to the wisdom of the courts , under the guidance of the court of appeal . ( ashworth , 1983a : 59 )

Some legislative attempts have been made to structure the exercise of sentencing discretion by setting out the criteria which courts should apply when deciding on a sentence , but these , too , are limited in scope .
some legislative [tries] have been made to structure the exercise of sentencing discretion by setting out the criteria which courts should apply when deciding on a sentence , but these , too , are limited in scope .

We will examine some of these attempts in more detail when discussing the sentencing of young offenders ( in Chapter 8 ) .
we will examine some of these [tries] in more detail when discussing the sentencing of young offenders ( in chapter 8 ) .

But apart from these very limited attempts to control the exercise of sentencing discretion by law , the only other guidance that is available comes from the past practice of the courts themselves in determining the ‘ going rate ’ for particular offences , and , in particular , the checking and structuring functions of the Court of Appeal .
but apart from these very limited [tries] to control the exercise of sentencing discretion by law , the only other guidance that is available comes from the past practice of the courts themselves in determining the ‘ going rate ’ for particular offences , and , in particular , the checking and structuring functions of the court of appeal .

Given this continuing policy vacuum on the one hand and the implacable opposition of the judiciary to any attempts to fill it on the other , it is not altogether surprising that few attempts have been made to fashion an overall criminal justice strategy that would bring together sentencing and penal policy .
given this continuing policy vacuum on the one hand and the implacable opposition of the judiciary to any [tries] to fill it on the other , it is not altogether surprising that few [tries] have been made to fashion an overall criminal justice strategy that would bring together sentencing and penal policy .

In the wake of this débâcle , subsequent attempts at policymaking were less ambitious , if not conspicuously more successful .
in the wake of this débâcle , subsequent [tries] at policymaking were less ambitious , if not conspicuously more successful .

The end product of this highly devolved system of decision-making was an escalating penal crisis that was stubbornly resistant in the face of attempts at reform .
the end product of this highly devolved system of decision-making was an escalating penal crisis that was stubbornly resistant in the face of [tries] at reform .

There is also evidence of similar disparities in the sentencing practices of comparable Crown Courts in different parts of the country , though attempts to conduct more rigorous investigations of the kind described above have so far been met with judicial opposition and refusal to cooperate ( see Ashworth , 1994 ) .
there is also evidence of similar disparities in the sentencing practices of comparable crown courts in different parts of the country , though [tries] to conduct more rigorous investigations of the kind described above have so far been met with judicial opposition and refusal to cooperate ( see ashworth , 1994 ) .

But , to my mind , Colin Watson brings off almost every time the difficult feat he attempts .
but , to my mind , colin watson brings off almost every time the difficult feat he [tries] .

The attempts of the Serbs to form a Christian coalition against the advancing Turks were as ineffective as those of the great Albanian leader , Skanderbeg , who , like Djuradj Branković , found that the would-be allies often exacted a heavy price for their help and were quite capable of deserting the cause when it suited them .
the [tries] of the serbs to form a christian coalition against the advancing turks were as ineffective as those of the great albanian leader , skanderbeg , who , like djuradj branković , found that the would-be allies often exacted a heavy price for their help and were quite capable of deserting the cause when it suited them .

In a brief period of energetic expansion , Samuilo enlarged his empire , from its centre in the Prespa/Ohrid area , so that by the end of the century it extended from the Black Sea to the Adriatic and into Greece , even as far as the Peleponnesus , although the Aegean port of Salonika successfully resisted his attempts to occupy it .
in a brief period of energetic expansion , samuilo enlarged his empire , from its centre in the prespa/ohrid area , so that by the end of the century it extended from the black sea to the adriatic and into greece , even as far as the peleponnesus , although the aegean port of salonika successfully resisted his [tries] to occupy it .

Our recent low-key attempts at publicity , the Day to Day programme , the press conference to mark the three hundredth day and a few other interviews — had been fairly successful and had n't offended or worried Pat or Sheila , although Roby had been against them .
our recent low-key [tries] at publicity , the day to day programme , the press conference to mark the three hundredth day and a few other interviews — had been fairly successful and had n't offended or worried pat or sheila , although roby had been against them .

His abduction had been a blow to their attempts to show that they were bringing Lebanon to order .
his abduction had been a blow to their [tries] to show that they were bringing lebanon to order .

It was frustrating that any English commentary was usually blocked out by Arabic , although one of the commentator 's forlorn attempts to pronounce Paul Gascoigne 's name was a rich source of amusement .
it was frustrating that any english commentary was usually blocked out by arabic , although one of the commentator 's forlorn [tries] to pronounce paul gascoigne 's name was a rich source of amusement .

The strong normative bias in the study of social policy has led at times to a greater preoccupation with criticism of policies than with attempts to discover why they take the forms they do .
the strong normative bias in the study of social policy has led at times to a greater preoccupation with criticism of policies than with [tries] to discover why they take the forms they do .

The history of the poor law between the sixteenth and twentieth centuries was one of attempts to make this formula work — for local initiative with broad guidelines laid down centrally — despite social changes .
the history of the poor law between the sixteenth and twentieth centuries was one of [tries] to make this formula work — for local initiative with broad guidelines laid down centrally — despite social changes .

This complex mixture , dominated by a powerful medical profession firmly established during the nineteenth century , posed problems for subsequent attempts to rationalize the health services , and therefore influenced the shape the national health service eventually achieved .
this complex mixture , dominated by a powerful medical profession firmly established during the nineteenth century , posed problems for subsequent [tries] to rationalize the health services , and therefore influenced the shape the national health service eventually achieved .

In various measures after 1911 governments extended benefits in ways that undermined the true insurance basis of the scheme ; but the contributory principle remained an important political symbol , and from time to time attempts were made to return the scheme closer to its roots .
in various measures after 1911 governments extended benefits in ways that undermined the true insurance basis of the scheme ; but the contributory principle remained an important political symbol , and from time to time [tries] were made to return the scheme closer to its roots .

There was , in the arrangements for depend ants and widows , inevitably built into the scheme certain assumptions about the male breadwinner and his relationship to the family unit , which have left a difficult legacy for attempts to balance the interests of men and women in our own age .
there was , in the arrangements for depend ants and widows , inevitably built into the scheme certain assumptions about the male breadwinner and his relationship to the family unit , which have left a difficult legacy for [tries] to balance the interests of men and women in our own age .

In studying its attention has to be given not only to the relationship between government and the local authorities , but also to government attempts to influence the behaviour of building societies and landlords .
in studying its attention has to be given not only to the relationship between government and the local authorities , but also to government [tries] to influence the behaviour of building societies and landlords .

Attempts are made to consider the best interests of the natural parents and the would-be adoptive parents , but the interests of the child are , of course , of paramount importance .
[tries] are made to consider the best interests of the natural parents and the would-be adoptive parents , but the interests of the child are , of course , of paramount importance .

The urge to survive is fundamental to our nature and inherent in our fight against disease and poverty and in our attempts to control the environment .
the urge to survive is fundamental to our nature and inherent in our fight against disease and poverty and in our [tries] to control the environment .

Attempts to provide a similar scheme related to earnings , but as part of state provision , resulted in the 1975 Social Security Pension Act 1975 , which came into operation in 1978 .
[tries] to provide a similar scheme related to earnings , but as part of state provision , resulted in the 1975 social security pension act 1975 , which came into operation in 1978 .

Some attempts were made to provide specific aid with fuel costs by providing supplementary benefit recipients with a discount or rebate , but these were scrapped under the 1986 Social Security Act , so the problem remains a serious one for many elderly households .
some [tries] were made to provide specific aid with fuel costs by providing supplementary benefit recipients with a discount or rebate , but these were scrapped under the 1986 social security act , so the problem remains a serious one for many elderly households .

Attempts have also been made to provide sheltered housing — that is , groups of small dwellings with some communal facilities and a warden in attendance .
[tries] have also been made to provide sheltered housing — that is , groups of small dwellings with some communal facilities and a warden in attendance .

The contribution of the informal care sector , particularly the family , is now being acknowledged and some attempts are being made to interweave the informal care and the formal provision more closely together .
the contribution of the informal care sector , particularly the family , is now being acknowledged and some [tries] are being made to interweave the informal care and the formal provision more closely together .

Since costs tend to rise inexorably , attempts to stabilize public spending have essentially meant cuts in actual services .
since costs tend to rise inexorably , [tries] to stabilize public spending have essentially meant cuts in actual services .

In practice , these attempts to control local government expenditure have become a major political issue in the past decade , with some authorities resisting central government controls .
in practice , these [tries] to control local government expenditure have become a major political issue in the past decade , with some authorities resisting central government controls .

In addition to this research and inquiry , the government collects , through the various central departments , statistics and information relevant to the social services and attempts some forward planning on this basis .
in addition to this research and inquiry , the government collects , through the various central departments , statistics and information relevant to the social services and [tries] some forward planning on this basis .

Following the establishment of statutory links between the reorganized health authorities and local authorities through the joint consultative committees , there have been some experimental attempts to establish joint social information units so that health and local government can share data collection and analysis .
following the establishment of statutory links between the reorganized health authorities and local authorities through the joint consultative committees , there have been some experimental [tries] to establish joint social information units so that health and local government can share data collection and analysis .

Wanting to protect him , she took charge of the conversation then , turning it to subjects that could have no personal connotations for him , subjects like the efficient way that the British government had persuaded the Americans to take over responsibility for Greece and its defence against Communism , which they could no longer afford , and their less effective attempts to involve the Americans in the Palestine troubles .
wanting to protect him , she took charge of the conversation then , turning it to subjects that could have no personal connotations for him , subjects like the efficient way that the british government had persuaded the americans to take over responsibility for greece and its defence against communism , which they could no longer afford , and their less effective [tries] to involve the americans in the palestine troubles .

For blood cholesterol concentrations too few controls had contemporary measurements to allow valid comparisons , but attempts to reduce cholesterol by dietary advice in cases were generally unsuccessful .
for blood cholesterol concentrations too few controls had contemporary measurements to allow valid comparisons , but [tries] to reduce cholesterol by dietary advice in cases were generally unsuccessful .

When madness can not be contained , or attempts to control it fail repeatedly in spite of various changes in mental health policies , the answer is sought in greater powers of control and surveillance , now extended into people 's homes and the community at large .
when madness can not be contained , or [tries] to control it fail repeatedly in spite of various changes in mental health policies , the answer is sought in greater powers of control and surveillance , now extended into people 's homes and the community at large .

Such a mental health ‘ sus law , ’ invoked on the basis of unreliable predictions of dangerousness , will bring psychiatric practice closer to policing and will undermine the attempts to achieve cure or care , both in hospitals and community settings .
such a mental health ‘ sus law , ’ invoked on the basis of unreliable predictions of dangerousness , will bring psychiatric practice closer to policing and will undermine the [tries] to achieve cure or care , both in hospitals and community settings .

From the late 1960s to the mid-1970s there was much political debate on pensions reform and two failed attempts at legislation before the Social Security Pensions Act 1975 was passed , becoming effective in 1978 .
from the late 1960s to the mid-1970s there was much political debate on pensions reform and two failed [tries] at legislation before the social security pensions act 1975 was passed , becoming effective in 1978 .

Where their partners control what they manage , women can find their attempts to meet health needs and financial commitments thwarted .
where their partners control what they manage , women can find their [tries] to meet health needs and financial commitments thwarted .

Succeeding in this would make up for previous frustration in attempts to follow Bowen .
succeeding in this would make up for previous frustration in [tries] to follow bowen .

Attempts to clone non-modified PCR-fragments into blunt-ended digested vectors have been inefficient , due to the template-independent terminal transferase activity of the Taq-polymerase which results in the addition of a single adenine nucleotide at the 3 ' end of the fragment ( 1 , 2 ) .
[tries] to clone non-modified pcr-fragments into blunt-ended digested vectors have been inefficient , due to the template-independent terminal transferase activity of the taq-polymerase which results in the addition of a single adenine nucleotide at the 3 ' end of the fragment ( 1 , 2 ) .

It is also by far the most common substance used in deliberate self poisoning attempts .
it is also by far the most common substance used in deliberate self poisoning [tries] .

This is important because there are many interests which may try to stifle attempts to improve health care .
this is important because there are many interests which may try to stifle [tries] to improve health care .

There are studies in which neonatal assessment has been made after attempts at randomisation of analgesia during labour .
there are studies in which neonatal assessment has been made after [tries] at randomisation of analgesia during labour .

Recent attempts to enhance the therapeutic activity of 5-fluorouracil have focused on biochemical modulation : several randomised studies have shown that its effect is greater when used in combination with leucovorin .
recent [tries] to enhance the therapeutic activity of 5-fluorouracil have focused on biochemical modulation : several randomised studies have shown that its effect is greater when used in combination with leucovorin .

The initiative has also made concerted attempts to tackle these problems .
the initiative has also made concerted [tries] to tackle these problems .

The possibility of increased virulence in these antibiotic resistant strains ( which may be related to the presence of plasmids encoding antibiotic resistance and virulence factors ) suggests that attempts to limit their selection by judicious use of narrow spectrum antibiotics should be considered at all times .
the possibility of increased virulence in these antibiotic resistant strains ( which may be related to the presence of plasmids encoding antibiotic resistance and virulence factors ) suggests that [tries] to limit their selection by judicious use of narrow spectrum antibiotics should be considered at all times .

Attempts to capture the contribution of more than 25 factors possibly associated with glycaemic control left 85 % of the variance in glycated haemoglobin concentrations unexplained .
[tries] to capture the contribution of more than 25 factors possibly associated with glycaemic control left 85 % of the variance in glycated haemoglobin concentrations unexplained .

In view of these concerns over the mode of inheritance of chronic inflammatory bowel disease , attempts to map susceptibility loci should be analysed by a robust linkage test ( for example , affected pedigree member of ‘ sib pair ’ test ) so as to minimise false positive claims of linkage .
in view of these concerns over the mode of inheritance of chronic inflammatory bowel disease , [tries] to map susceptibility loci should be analysed by a robust linkage test ( for example , affected pedigree member of ‘ sib pair ’ test ) so as to minimise false positive claims of linkage .

Attempts to solve some of the many problems which arise are not made easier by the many changes currently being made in Social Security , the introduction of the Community Charge and the new housing legislation .
[tries] to solve some of the many problems which arise are not made easier by the many changes currently being made in social security , the introduction of the community charge and the new housing legislation .

In this light , the attempts by CMHTs to develop realistic operational objectives may be seen as a process by which the respective priorities and range of expectations of the agencies providing community support services are more clearly specified .
in this light , the [tries] by cmhts to develop realistic operational objectives may be seen as a process by which the respective priorities and range of expectations of the agencies providing community support services are more clearly specified .

Nizan was unsuccessful in his attempts to allay the suspicion that he did not really belong to the French communist party .
nizan was unsuccessful in his [tries] to allay the suspicion that he did not really belong to the french communist party .

Extremist doctrinal rigidity and aggressiveness were preferred to constructive attempts to confront real issues , with the result that the practical reality of politics was simply obliterated beneath a series of purely arbitrary images and myths .
extremist doctrinal rigidity and aggressiveness were preferred to constructive [tries] to confront real issues , with the result that the practical reality of politics was simply obliterated beneath a series of purely arbitrary images and myths .

In the final analysis , collective security was founded on what Nizan referred to as the Soviet formula of `` treaties accessible to everyone `` , not on the Hitlerian formula of `` treaties accessible to a few at the exclusion of everyone else `` , Nizan ceaselessly denounced all attempts to reduce international diplomacy to what he disparagingly termed `` private agreements between gang leaders `` . ``
in the final analysis , collective security was founded on what nizan referred to as the soviet formula of `` treaties accessible to everyone `` , not on the hitlerian formula of `` treaties accessible to a few at the exclusion of everyone else `` , nizan ceaselessly denounced all [tries] to reduce international diplomacy to what he disparagingly termed `` private agreements between gang leaders `` . ``

From the conference of Berchtesgaden in November 1937 to the Anschluss of Austria in March 1938 , from the increasingly threatening noises over Czechoslovakia in March 1938 to the abdication of Munich in September 1938 , from the last-ditch , desperate attempts to cobble together a tripartite agreement in May 1939 to the signing of the Nazi-Soviet pact in August 1939 , there was a sense of deathly inevitability compared to which Nizan 's repeated calls for collective security appear as no more than the efforts of a man crying in the wilderness .
from the conference of berchtesgaden in november 1937 to the anschluss of austria in march 1938 , from the increasingly threatening noises over czechoslovakia in march 1938 to the abdication of munich in september 1938 , from the last-ditch , desperate [tries] to cobble together a tripartite agreement in may 1939 to the signing of the nazi-soviet pact in august 1939 , there was a sense of deathly inevitability compared to which nizan 's repeated calls for collective security appear as no more than the efforts of a man crying in the wilderness .

It clearly represented for him a literary turning-point since it not only swept aside all mystifying attempts to separate the literary activity from the contemporary socio-political context , but also injected a coherent set of political arguments squarely into the literary debate : anti-fascism , anti-colonialism , anti-capitalism , arguments that were beginning to find much grass-roots and intellectual support in France .
it clearly represented for him a literary turning-point since it not only swept aside all mystifying [tries] to separate the literary activity from the contemporary socio-political context , but also injected a coherent set of political arguments squarely into the literary debate : anti-fascism , anti-colonialism , anti-capitalism , arguments that were beginning to find much grass-roots and intellectual support in france .

Getting in touch : Watershed New Contemporaries , six Avon-based photographers show portraiture which attempts to get beneath the surface of social and cultural identities .
getting in touch : watershed new contemporaries , six avon-based photographers show portraiture which [tries] to get beneath the surface of social and cultural identities .

Several attempts to force the endotracheal tube over a gum elastic bougie were unsuccessful .
several [tries] to force the endotracheal tube over a gum elastic bougie were unsuccessful .

It is also important , however , to appreciate when attempts at insertion are in-appropriate and to be able to recognise and manage failure of insertion .
it is also important , however , to appreciate when [tries] at insertion are in-appropriate and to be able to recognise and manage failure of insertion .

Some further attempts to eliminate existence predicates
some further [tries] to eliminate existence predicates

The two theories to be discussed next are of more recent date and , essentially , represent attempts to modify Leibniz 's and Kant 's theories , respectively , in an effort to salvage what is regarded as the sound core of these theories by stripping them of their philosophically undesirable features .
the two theories to be discussed next are of more recent date and , essentially , represent [tries] to modify leibniz 's and kant 's theories , respectively , in an effort to salvage what is regarded as the sound core of these theories by stripping them of their philosophically undesirable features .

Each child had three recorded attempts without a noseclip and with a minimum exhalation of 1.5 seconds .
each child had three recorded [tries] without a noseclip and with a minimum exhalation of 1.5 seconds .

However , rarely are such rationales clearly worked out or attempts made to provide evidence in support of these claims .
however , rarely are such rationales clearly worked out or [tries] made to provide evidence in support of these claims .

This threatens the reliability of both basic population data and attempts to use these new census data in social indicators to identify poverty .
this threatens the reliability of both basic population data and [tries] to use these new census data in social indicators to identify poverty .

Attempts to cheat the system , however , by discharging a patient briefly every three months could be thwarted by insisting that the period of discharge must last at least two weeks before the admission could be considered separate .
[tries] to cheat the system , however , by discharging a patient briefly every three months could be thwarted by insisting that the period of discharge must last at least two weeks before the admission could be considered separate .

Editor , — Four groups of doctors suffer particularly from age discrimination during their attempts to move through the hospital training grades to consultant appointments : doctors who qualified abroad , those who entered medical school after the normal age of 18–19 , those who have had prolonged illness , and women .
editor , — four groups of doctors suffer particularly from age discrimination during their [tries] to move through the hospital training grades to consultant appointments : doctors who qualified abroad , those who entered medical school after the normal age of 18–19 , those who have had prolonged illness , and women .

The Russians were ruthlessly determined to end any Polish attempts to achieve independence , failing for example to assist the Warsaw Rising of Poles against the Germans .
the russians were ruthlessly determined to end any polish [tries] to achieve independence , failing for example to assist the warsaw rising of poles against the germans .

Attempts were made to root out those businessmen who had supported Hitler and to break up the industrial cartels which had provided the materials for the German war efforts .
[tries] were made to root out those businessmen who had supported hitler and to break up the industrial cartels which had provided the materials for the german war efforts .

There was resentment against immigrant workers despite government attempts ( since 1973 ) to reduce the number of ‘ guests ’ from abroad .
there was resentment against immigrant workers despite government [tries] ( since 1973 ) to reduce the number of ‘ guests ’ from abroad .

Because of this , attempts are made in many areas to examine land destined for construction work or mineral extraction before the work starts and , if possible , to record and even excavate sites threatened with destruction .
because of this , [tries] are made in many areas to examine land destined for construction work or mineral extraction before the work starts and , if possible , to record and even excavate sites threatened with destruction .

This detailed archive report attempts to explain what each group of contexts represents — buildings , structures , rubbish deposits , and so on — and is used as the basis for writing a more concise report for publication .
this detailed archive report [tries] to explain what each group of contexts represents — buildings , structures , rubbish deposits , and so on — and is used as the basis for writing a more concise report for publication .

Attempts to establish a people 's diet at any time is very difficult without supporting documentary evidence , however , as vital evidence might he missing .
[tries] to establish a people 's diet at any time is very difficult without supporting documentary evidence , however , as vital evidence might he missing .

His dedication was further shown by intermittent attempts to curtail Minton 's drinking .
his dedication was further shown by intermittent [tries] to curtail minton 's drinking .

In Edinburgh attempts at sexual relations proved disastrous .
in edinburgh [tries] at sexual relations proved disastrous .

Yet it was from our jottings and provisional attempts to express and solve problems that we became able to formalise our thoughts and write coherently about our work .
yet it was from our jottings and provisional [tries] to express and solve problems that we became able to formalise our thoughts and write coherently about our work .

Moreover , some attempts to adapt the National Curriculum to meet the needs of children who experience difficulties in learning render the system even more rigid .
moreover , some [tries] to adapt the national curriculum to meet the needs of children who experience difficulties in learning render the system even more rigid .

Much of the writing that followed the Act has borne this ‘ make the best of it ’ message , alongside attempts to muster the collective will to the task ahead :
much of the writing that followed the act has borne this ‘ make the best of it ’ message , alongside [tries] to muster the collective will to the task ahead :

Children are seen as learning to write by direct imitation of adult models , and accurate imitation is implicitly regarded as a more advanced achievement than the child 's own attempts to represent the writing system through ‘ pretend writing ’ .
children are seen as learning to write by direct imitation of adult models , and accurate imitation is implicitly regarded as a more advanced achievement than the child 's own [tries] to represent the writing system through ‘ pretend writing ’ .

Studies which have observed children 's independent attempts at writing stress the active role children take in decoding and recreating the adult writing system .
studies which have observed children 's independent [tries] at writing stress the active role children take in decoding and recreating the adult writing system .

Susan Hart compares and contrasts two approaches to support teaching : one which focuses on improving the learning of individual pupils who experience difficulties and one which attempts to adapt the curriculum so as to enhance the learning of all pupils .
susan hart compares and contrasts two approaches to support teaching : one which focuses on improving the learning of individual pupils who experience difficulties and one which [tries] to adapt the curriculum so as to enhance the learning of all pupils .

But my experience , that of my colleagues in other schools and research evidence based on early attempts at widespread support teaching in Scotland ( Ferguson and Adams 1982 ) , lead me to conclude that much groundwork usually needs to be done with teachers in terms of planning lessons jointly , and revising and adapting curriculum materials and teaching methods before any effective support work with individual children can begin .
but my experience , that of my colleagues in other schools and research evidence based on early [tries] at widespread support teaching in scotland ( ferguson and adams 1982 ) , lead me to conclude that much groundwork usually needs to be done with teachers in terms of planning lessons jointly , and revising and adapting curriculum materials and teaching methods before any effective support work with individual children can begin .

The problems which derive from the decline in the industrial structure which gave rise to the North East as an industrial region have been recognized since the 1930s , and until the coming to power of the present government the same core strategy informed attempts to resolve them .
the problems which derive from the decline in the industrial structure which gave rise to the north east as an industrial region have been recognized since the 1930s , and until the coming to power of the present government the same core strategy informed [tries] to resolve them .

Massey 's work attempts to do two things at once : it is part of the revolution in human geography in which there has been a transformation of explanation in that discipline and at the same time , it is intended to inform the construction of political strategies .
massey 's work [tries] to do two things at once : it is part of the revolution in human geography in which there has been a transformation of explanation in that discipline and at the same time , it is intended to inform the construction of political strategies .

The first stage was the period of pioneering work : the abortive first attempts at machine translation ; the earliest computer concordances ; the early authorship studies of Morton , Ellegard , Mosteller and Wallace ; the first conferences on computing in the humanities ( 1964–7 ) and the more specialised ones in history and anthropology ( from 1962 ) and in literature and linguistics ( from 1970 ) .
the first stage was the period of pioneering work : the abortive first [tries] at machine translation ; the earliest computer concordances ; the early authorship studies of morton , ellegard , mosteller and wallace ; the first conferences on computing in the humanities ( 1964–7 ) and the more specialised ones in history and anthropology ( from 1962 ) and in literature and linguistics ( from 1970 ) .

It will ask why women put up with their subordinate position in society , or rather , examine the strength of the pressures which make it difficult for women to produce social change despite their continuing attempts to do so .
it will ask why women put up with their subordinate position in society , or rather , examine the strength of the pressures which make it difficult for women to produce social change despite their continuing [tries] to do so .

The abortion legislation of 1967 is regularly defended against attempts to restrict the relatively liberal access given to women within that Act of Parliament .
the abortion legislation of 1967 is regularly defended against [tries] to restrict the relatively liberal access given to women within that act of parliament .

Indeed part of the prevalent culture is the belief that black people have no culture of their own or that what there is will impede their attempts to ‘ get on ’ in white society .
indeed part of the prevalent culture is the belief that black people have no culture of their own or that what there is will impede their [tries] to ‘ get on ’ in white society .

The political implication is that blacks should be self-assertive and proud of their black identity and not rely on well-meaning attempts to assimilate them into white society .
the political implication is that blacks should be self-assertive and proud of their black identity and not rely on well-meaning [tries] to assimilate them into white society .

Much of our literature and culture stems from or relates to attempts to represent conceptions of town or country , conceptions that invariably contrast the one with the other ; town and country are always represented as opposites .
much of our literature and culture stems from or relates to [tries] to represent conceptions of town or country , conceptions that invariably contrast the one with the other ; town and country are always represented as opposites .

Attempts have been made to offer formulae for determining the ratio decidendi of cases , but few have proved to be really satisfactory .
[tries] have been made to offer formulae for determining the ratio decidendi of cases , but few have proved to be really satisfactory .

She made a few attempts and found that she could not work , she could not even read .
she made a few [tries] and found that she could not work , she could not even read .

In 1321 , despite attempts by several bishops to reach a settlement with the Marcher lords , open civil war broke out and Edward was forced to acquiesce in the parliamentary exile of both Despensers , father and
in 1321 , despite [tries] by several bishops to reach a settlement with the marcher lords , open civil war broke out and edward was forced to acquiesce in the parliamentary exile of both despensers , father and

The Templar lands were declared to be lay fee and therefore forfeit to the crown on the dissolution of the Order ; any attempts to challenge this were soon quashed by writs of prohibition .
the templar lands were declared to be lay fee and therefore forfeit to the crown on the dissolution of the order ; any [tries] to challenge this were soon quashed by writs of prohibition .

Various accusations , including that of treason , were thereupon levelled against Stratford and attempts were made to exclude him from the parliament which met subsequently .
various accusations , including that of treason , were thereupon levelled against stratford and [tries] were made to exclude him from the parliament which met subsequently .

Counter-examples to the conditional theory are given in Garrett ( 1983 ) ; Gordon ( 1984 ) attempts an answer .
counter-examples to the conditional theory are given in garrett ( 1983 ) ; gordon ( 1984 ) [tries] an answer .

First , he points out that the process of ostensive definition , whereby the solipsist attempts to give a meaning to the term ‘ pain ’ by pointing ( mentally ) to a sensation , is one which only works when we already have a background of conceptual knowledge , and can not be used to construct such knowledge from a blank sheet .
first , he points out that the process of ostensive definition , whereby the solipsist [tries] to give a meaning to the term ‘ pain ’ by pointing ( mentally ) to a sensation , is one which only works when we already have a background of conceptual knowledge , and can not be used to construct such knowledge from a blank sheet .

His attempts failed , and he came to the conclusion that the best that could be achieved was to specify , so far as one could , which observation statements were implied by which non-observation statements ( see the preface to Carnap , 1967 , and Quine , 1969 , p. 77 ) .
his [tries] failed , and he came to the conclusion that the best that could be achieved was to specify , so far as one could , which observation statements were implied by which non-observation statements ( see the preface to carnap , 1967 , and quine , 1969 , p. 77 ) .

But if all we can do , in our attempts to specify the meaning of a non-observation statement , is to state some implications of that statement at the observational level , it seems that there will always be some aspects of that statement 's meaning which will escape us and remain unspecified .
but if all we can do , in our [tries] to specify the meaning of a non-observation statement , is to state some implications of that statement at the observational level , it seems that there will always be some aspects of that statement 's meaning which will escape us and remain unspecified .

There have been many , sometimes conflicting , attempts to classify the main functions of language ( macro-functions ) .
there have been many , sometimes conflicting , [tries] to classify the main functions of language ( macro-functions ) .

Alan , 33 , will join renowned Polish mountaineer Jerry Kukuckza as he attempts to complete a remarkable sequence of conquests of the world 's highest mountains .
alan , 33 , will join renowned polish mountaineer jerry kukuckza as he [tries] to complete a remarkable sequence of conquests of the world 's highest mountains .

In recent years the role of knowledge in discourse production and comprehension has been significantly stimulated by findings in the field of Artificial Intelligence , which , among other endeavours , attempts to program computers to produce and understand discourse .
in recent years the role of knowledge in discourse production and comprehension has been significantly stimulated by findings in the field of artificial intelligence , which , among other endeavours , [tries] to program computers to produce and understand discourse .

Attempts to provide even a general set of labels for the principal functions of language have resulted in vague , and often confusing , terminology .
[tries] to provide even a general set of labels for the principal functions of language have resulted in vague , and often confusing , terminology .

This is particularly clear in the handwritten attempts of very young children where the adult is obliged to assign each large painstakingly formed letter token to a particular type of letter , which he may then re-interpret in the light of the larger message .
this is particularly clear in the handwritten [tries] of very young children where the adult is obliged to assign each large painstakingly formed letter token to a particular type of letter , which he may then re-interpret in the light of the larger message .

Who , except the most avant-garde of modern dramatists , attempts to write as they speak ?
who , except the most avant-garde of modern dramatists , [tries] to write as they speak ?

The discourse analyst attempts to discover regularities in his data and to describe them .
the discourse analyst [tries] to discover regularities in his data and to describe them .

In the process , we shall explore some recent attempts to construct a theoretical notion of ‘ topic ’ , a notion which seems to be essential to concepts such as ‘ relevance ’ and ‘ coherence ’ , but which itself is very difficult to pin down .
in the process , we shall explore some recent [tries] to construct a theoretical notion of ‘ topic ’ , a notion which seems to be essential to concepts such as ‘ relevance ’ and ‘ coherence ’ , but which itself is very difficult to pin down .

We shall suggest that formal attempts to identify topics are doomed to failure , but that the discourse analyst may usefully make appeal to notions like ‘ speaking topically ’ and ‘ the speaker 's topic ’ within a ‘ topic framework ’ .
we shall suggest that formal [tries] to identify topics are doomed to failure , but that the discourse analyst may usefully make appeal to notions like ‘ speaking topically ’ and ‘ the speaker 's topic ’ within a ‘ topic framework ’ .

Although nominally Producer and Script Editor for the series , neither John Wiles nor Donald Tosh had much to do with this serial , the former greatly resenting it as a three-month obstacle to his attempts to raise Doctor Who towards a more sophisticated and adult level .
although nominally producer and script editor for the series , neither john wiles nor donald tosh had much to do with this serial , the former greatly resenting it as a three-month obstacle to his [tries] to raise doctor who towards a more sophisticated and adult level .

Several attempts were made at drainage but without success until the 1760s .
several [tries] were made at drainage but without success until the 1760s .

He began to write his own verse whilst still quite young , shyly at first , correcting again and again as his ‘ second thoughts blushed over his first attempts ’ .
he began to write his own verse whilst still quite young , shyly at first , correcting again and again as his ‘ second thoughts blushed over his first [tries] ’ .

After this set-back , there were various attempts to rebuild the attitude theory , and it still has its uses .
after this set-back , there were various [tries] to rebuild the attitude theory , and it still has its uses .

( Though you have to remember that an ‘ unsuccessful ’ medium may just have been misused in previous attempts . )
( though you have to remember that an ‘ unsuccessful ’ medium may just have been misused in previous [tries] . )

Suicide attempts ( ‘ Not that it was serious , ’ she told him , ‘ just attention-seeking ’ ) , anorexia , the odd abortion ( only one in her case , but she gave the impression this was well below average ) and messy affairs with married men .
suicide [tries] ( ‘ not that it was serious , ’ she told him , ‘ just attention-seeking ’ ) , anorexia , the odd abortion ( only one in her case , but she gave the impression this was well below average ) and messy affairs with married men .

Johnny Rotten in particular was becoming increasingly estranged from McLaren 's view of what the group should be , and resentful of McLaren 's attempts to control them .
johnny rotten in particular was becoming increasingly estranged from mclaren 's view of what the group should be , and resentful of mclaren 's [tries] to control them .

It is a hill climbing process which attempts to find a compact encoding of a language which is not too dissimilar from its training set .
it is a hill climbing process which [tries] to find a compact encoding of a language which is not too dissimilar from its training set .

Al-Mathami 's method attempts to maximise the chance that its predictions will be correct .
al-mathami 's method [tries] to maximise the chance that its predictions will be correct .

However , Winchester did make attempts to rebut some of the allegations contained in the notice itself .
however , winchester did make [tries] to rebut some of the allegations contained in the notice itself .

Meanwhile , since 1985 attempts have been made by the prosecution , against the most strenuous objections from Mr. Osman and the applicant , to take evidence in Malaysia pursuant to letters of request .
meanwhile , since 1985 [tries] have been made by the prosecution , against the most strenuous objections from mr. osman and the applicant , to take evidence in malaysia pursuant to letters of request .

Nothing is known as to what has happened in Switzerland , but it does appear that in the United States , after a long course of litigation , the attempts have failed .
nothing is known as to what has happened in switzerland , but it does appear that in the united states , after a long course of litigation , the [tries] have failed .

Before the justices on that occasion the local authority had proposed that further attempts be made to improve the ability of the mother to care adequately for the children so that their future could be with her .
before the justices on that occasion the local authority had proposed that further [tries] be made to improve the ability of the mother to care adequately for the children so that their future could be with her .

It was often said later that it was in Switzerland that Muhammad Reza required a sympathy for aspect of democracy , and that his subsequent attempts to reconcile such notions with the governance of Iran proved to be difficult .
it was often said later that it was in switzerland that muhammad reza required a sympathy for aspect of democracy , and that his subsequent [tries] to reconcile such notions with the governance of iran proved to be difficult .

In 1949 he narrowly escaped the first of three attempts on his life .
in 1949 he narrowly escaped the first of three [tries] on his life .

By midsummer 1953 , all attempts to negotiate a settlement of the oil crisis had foundered on Mossadeqs stubbornness .
by midsummer 1953 , all [tries] to negotiate a settlement of the oil crisis had foundered on mossadeqs stubbornness .

Like the Shah , Hassan had survived several assassination attempts .
like the shah , hassan had survived several assassination [tries] .

But Reza Shah 's introduction of new civil , commercial and penal codes , which diminished the power of the ulama , his expansion of the secular school system , and many more is his attempts to create a modern , centralized state , weakened and therefore infuriated them .
but reza shah 's introduction of new civil , commercial and penal codes , which diminished the power of the ulama , his expansion of the secular school system , and many more is his [tries] to create a modern , centralized state , weakened and therefore infuriated them .

Indeed , many things we do are attempts to shield ourselves from the effects of fear .
indeed , many things we do are [tries] to shield ourselves from the effects of fear .

Superstitious attachment good luck symbols and mascots are attempts to keep fear at bay .
superstitious attachment good luck symbols and mascots are [tries] to keep fear at bay .

The doctor arrived within minutes and took over the resuscitation attempts .
the doctor arrived within minutes and took over the resuscitation [tries] .

Attempts to develop a peinture feminine , on the lines of the écriture feminine proposed by Hélène Cixous ( whose rhapsodic feminism has had much greater impact on the Aglophone world than on her own French audience ) , led to works which sought to represent the very evanescence , immateriality , and ordinariness of women 's existential condition and past works , as in Bobby Baker 's performance art , in which she makes cakes or reproduces her daily kitchen routines , or , Susan Hiller 's cool , barometrically precise account of her own pregnancy , in the graphic work , ‘ Ten Months ’ .
[tries] to develop a peinture feminine , on the lines of the écriture feminine proposed by hélène cixous ( whose rhapsodic feminism has had much greater impact on the aglophone world than on her own french audience ) , led to works which sought to represent the very evanescence , immateriality , and ordinariness of women 's existential condition and past works , as in bobby baker 's performance art , in which she makes cakes or reproduces her daily kitchen routines , or , susan hiller 's cool , barometrically precise account of her own pregnancy , in the graphic work , ‘ ten months ’ .

The real surprise was just how choosy these snails are : 90 per cent of observed mating attempts failed , usually because the lower snail rejected its prospective partner by moving away during the courtship phase .
the real surprise was just how choosy these snails are : 90 per cent of observed mating [tries] failed , usually because the lower snail rejected its prospective partner by moving away during the courtship phase .

This road , which serves no obvious infrastructural purpose , appears to be a manifestation , mainly , of military paranoia about attempts to ‘ internationalise ’ the Amazon .
this road , which serves no obvious infrastructural purpose , appears to be a manifestation , mainly , of military paranoia about [tries] to ‘ internationalise ’ the amazon .

Indeed , attempts to reshape the opinions and behaviour of today 's toe-happy adults are plainly futile .
indeed , [tries] to reshape the opinions and behaviour of today 's toe-happy adults are plainly futile .

Prohibition brings legal and social problems of its own in the attempts to get round it .
prohibition brings legal and social problems of its own in the [tries] to get round it .

The sufferer attempts to gain control by changing his or her pictures of reality to conform to the pictures of perception of how life should be .
the sufferer [tries] to gain control by changing his or her pictures of reality to conform to the pictures of perception of how life should be .

All these may be no more than attempts of testing control while there may be an underlying awareness that all is not well .
all these may be no more than [tries] of testing control while there may be an underlying awareness that all is not well .

It has to be said , however , that some people continue their addiction to death even while making repeated attempts to follow the principles of the Anonymous Fellowship , yet still relapsing time and time again .
it has to be said , however , that some people continue their addiction to death even while making repeated [tries] to follow the principles of the anonymous fellowship , yet still relapsing time and time again .

With observation that the primary sufferer has not been helped by the previous well-meaning actions of the family member while at the same time the life of the family member has definitely been harmed by various attempts to help or control the disease of the primary sufferer .
with observation that the primary sufferer has not been helped by the previous well-meaning actions of the family member while at the same time the life of the family member has definitely been harmed by various [tries] to help or control the disease of the primary sufferer .

The essential processes of Step 1 is surrender : the recognition that one is beaten , that one 's own perceptions of reality are inappropriate and that one 's life has become unmanageable and that one 's own attempts to control one 's emotions and use of addictive substances or behaviour have totally failed and always will fail .
the essential processes of step 1 is surrender : the recognition that one is beaten , that one 's own perceptions of reality are inappropriate and that one 's life has become unmanageable and that one 's own [tries] to control one 's emotions and use of addictive substances or behaviour have totally failed and always will fail .

According to the French Minister of Health ( who stepped in when attempts were made by the anti-abortion lobby around the world to stop it being sold ) , this pill is the ‘ moral property of women ’ .
according to the french minister of health ( who stepped in when [tries] were made by the anti-abortion lobby around the world to stop it being sold ) , this pill is the ‘ moral property of women ’ .

( 1 ) If any applicant for the grant , renewal , or permanent transfer of a licence or for a regular extension of permitted hours , either by himself or by another person at the instigation of the applicant , attempts to influence a member of a licensing board to support his application at any time before its consideration by the board , he shall be guilty of an offence .
( 1 ) if any applicant for the grant , renewal , or permanent transfer of a licence or for a regular extension of permitted hours , either by himself or by another person at the instigation of the applicant , [tries] to influence a member of a licensing board to support his application at any time before its consideration by the board , he shall be guilty of an offence .

He had required nine attempts before passing the British Instrument Rating Test .
he had required nine [tries] before passing the british instrument rating test .

Under the Maccabeans they withstood the attempts of Antiochus to overcome their country and shatter their religion .
under the maccabeans they withstood the [tries] of antiochus to overcome their country and shatter their religion .

Away , then , with all attempts at self justification before God .
away , then , with all [tries] at self justification before god .

But it attempts to do what advertising rarely does .
but it [tries] to do what advertising rarely does .

’ Vadinamian data stores are protected by multiface security codes , ’ Posi reported almost at once , ’ with reflex fail-safes against code-break attempts .
’ vadinamian data stores are protected by multiface security codes , ’ posi reported almost at once , ’ with reflex fail-safes against code-break [tries] .

The problem with the political-business cycle literature lies in the fact that it attempts to deal with the popularity of governments and the nature of public policy-making solely on the basis of a consideration of economic variables alone and so isolates the economic dimension out of the larger political context and ignores the vital part played by non-economic factors in contributing to electoral success .
the problem with the political-business cycle literature lies in the fact that it [tries] to deal with the popularity of governments and the nature of public policy-making solely on the basis of a consideration of economic variables alone and so isolates the economic dimension out of the larger political context and ignores the vital part played by non-economic factors in contributing to electoral success .

Technological forecasting deals with the projected impact of scientific developments on the future state of technology , and attempts specifically to examine how these developments will affect the company 's products , processes or markets .
technological forecasting deals with the projected impact of scientific developments on the future state of technology , and [tries] specifically to examine how these developments will affect the company 's products , processes or markets .

This accounts for the attempts of fiercely traditional societies , for instance those based upon fundamental islamic principles , to turn the clock back to the past .
this accounts for the [tries] of fiercely traditional societies , for instance those based upon fundamental islamic principles , to turn the clock back to the past .

By the late 1970s , therefore , the entire scene was set for radical reform : the main ingredients were technological backwardness , bureaucratic stagnation and the failure of all partial attempts to tinker with the system .
by the late 1970s , therefore , the entire scene was set for radical reform : the main ingredients were technological backwardness , bureaucratic stagnation and the failure of all partial [tries] to tinker with the system .

Mr. Greenway : My right Hon. Friend and Hon. Members on both sides of the House will have noticed that the Peers Gallery is almost invariably empty , even during Prime Minister 's Question Time . Will my right Hon. Friend and those responsible soften their hearts and open those seats , formally reserved for peers , to members of the public , hundreds of whom are disappointed every day in their attempts to enter the House ? Perhaps peers could be invited into the Special Galleries of the House which are also almost invariably empty ?
mr. greenway : my right hon. friend and hon. members on both sides of the house will have noticed that the peers gallery is almost invariably empty , even during prime minister 's question time . will my right hon. friend and those responsible soften their hearts and open those seats , formally reserved for peers , to members of the public , hundreds of whom are disappointed every day in their [tries] to enter the house ? perhaps peers could be invited into the special galleries of the house which are also almost invariably empty ?

No. 19 , in page 3 , line 12 , clause 3 , at end insert " any financial assistance made available for management or employee buy-outs shall be available for up to three buy-out attempts by existing management or employees within any one of the undertakings created by the Act . "
no. 19 , in page 3 , line 12 , clause 3 , at end insert " any financial assistance made available for management or employee buy-outs shall be available for up to three buy-out [tries] by existing management or employees within any one of the undertakings created by the act . "

Its significance is symbolic ; it represents a tangible token of the consensual nature governing the pupil 's attendance and in so doing attempts to counter the punitive and coercive meaning which accompanies referral .
its significance is symbolic ; it represents a tangible token of the consensual nature governing the pupil 's attendance and in so doing [tries] to counter the punitive and coercive meaning which accompanies referral .

The school attempts to provide a positively structured learning environment where sound appropriate educational opportunities are available , together with suitable attention to individual difficulties .
the school [tries] to provide a positively structured learning environment where sound appropriate educational opportunities are available , together with suitable attention to individual difficulties .

He attempts to account for the prevalence of the placement model despite its lack of apparent success and offers a number of suggestions for reversing the trend to identify and exclude ever-increasing numbers of pupils as deviant .
he [tries] to account for the prevalence of the placement model despite its lack of apparent success and offers a number of suggestions for reversing the trend to identify and exclude ever-increasing numbers of pupils as deviant .

The group attempts to assert its presence through both verbal and non-verbal means . As the headmaster points out :
the group [tries] to assert its presence through both verbal and non-verbal means . as the headmaster points out :

There have not yet , however , been any far-reaching attempts to tie together the insights of the different disciplines and perspectives .
there have not yet , however , been any far-reaching [tries] to tie together the insights of the different disciplines and perspectives .

The sort of argument just presented emphasizes that large organizations are not monolithic and that attempts to tighten up the system to make them so do not necessarily yield improvements .
the sort of argument just presented emphasizes that large organizations are not monolithic and that [tries] to tighten up the system to make them so do not necessarily yield improvements .

One of the first attempts to treat the effluent involved building a small lagoon , the idea for which Dai discovered in a book .
one of the first [tries] to treat the effluent involved building a small lagoon , the idea for which dai discovered in a book .

Even if that had happened , it did n't justify the violence of Steen 's attempts to get Jacqui off his back .
even if that had happened , it did n't justify the violence of steen 's [tries] to get jacqui off his back .

Attempts have been made to regularize the position and , in 1966 , the Russell Report on the Supply and Training of Teachers recommended that , by 1969 , a professional training requirement should be introduced for all new entrants into the further education colleges , a recommendation that was never implemented because of the urgent need for teachers at the time and the shortage of money .
[tries] have been made to regularize the position and , in 1966 , the russell report on the supply and training of teachers recommended that , by 1969 , a professional training requirement should be introduced for all new entrants into the further education colleges , a recommendation that was never implemented because of the urgent need for teachers at the time and the shortage of money .

Elsewhere his attempts to plant the devices had failed .
elsewhere his [tries] to plant the devices had failed .

He wandered round her flat , answering her attempts at conversation with monosyllables .
he wandered round her flat , answering her [tries] at conversation with monosyllables .

Developing certain of his ideas , the Fauves and the German painters of the Brücke undoubtedly saw primitive art as a liberating force , stimulating them in their attempts to achieve a more direct and spontaneous form of expression , although the Fauves , at least , were more immediately influenced in this respect by the passionate painting of Van Gogh than by primitive art .
developing certain of his ideas , the fauves and the german painters of the brücke undoubtedly saw primitive art as a liberating force , stimulating them in their [tries] to achieve a more direct and spontaneous form of expression , although the fauves , at least , were more immediately influenced in this respect by the passionate painting of van gogh than by primitive art .

Rachaela thought that the mistake her own mother had made was in her brainwashed attempts to care for and become involved with a child she did not want .
rachaela thought that the mistake her own mother had made was in her brainwashed [tries] to care for and become involved with a child she did not want .

For what did they know of her half-hearted attempts at abortion , the years ' endurance .
for what did they know of her half-hearted [tries] at abortion , the years ' endurance .

The earliest attempts to process data by means of an electromechanical device were made in the United States by Herman Hollerith in the 1890 's .
the earliest [tries] to process data by means of an electromechanical device were made in the united states by herman hollerith in the 1890 's .

The first attempts at producing a problem-solving machine , or computer , were made during the Second World War as Allied scientists sought to break enemy codes .
the first [tries] at producing a problem-solving machine , or computer , were made during the second world war as allied scientists sought to break enemy codes .

Attempts to achieve sales without segmenting these markets would result in a great deal of wasted effort .
[tries] to achieve sales without segmenting these markets would result in a great deal of wasted effort .

In recent years a number of attempts to integrate and coordinate these functions has come to be called Physical Distribution Management .
in recent years a number of [tries] to integrate and coordinate these functions has come to be called physical distribution management .

Jenny clung to him tightly , partly to delay his attempts to remedy the situation , partly to buffer herself against any possible impact .
jenny clung to him tightly , partly to delay his [tries] to remedy the situation , partly to buffer herself against any possible impact .

Although some attempts at tackling air pollution problems date back to the last century or even earlier , most countries introduced their strategy for air pollution control in the 1950s , 1960s or 1970s .
although some [tries] at tackling air pollution problems date back to the last century or even earlier , most countries introduced their strategy for air pollution control in the 1950s , 1960s or 1970s .

In practice , few attempts have been made to do so .
in practice , few [tries] have been made to do so .

Following Haagen-Smit 's findings in 1950 , the Los Angeles Air Pollution Control District was faced with a dilemma in its attempts to introduce an immediate and effective control programme .
following haagen-smit 's findings in 1950 , the los angeles air pollution control district was faced with a dilemma in its [tries] to introduce an immediate and effective control programme .

This state Act recognized the flaws of its earlier attempts at photochemical pollution control which had not included an emission standard for oxides of nitrogen .
this state act recognized the flaws of its earlier [tries] at photochemical pollution control which had not included an emission standard for oxides of nitrogen .

In the seventeenth century , people stopped writing in Latin even when writing for the learned , and various attempts were made at making up universal languages .
in the seventeenth century , people stopped writing in latin even when writing for the learned , and various [tries] were made at making up universal languages .

By the 1850s attempts to understand the arrangement of animals had thus reached the limits possible if one assumes that species are fixed in time .
by the 1850s [tries] to understand the arrangement of animals had thus reached the limits possible if one assumes that species are fixed in time .

Audubon was not the first to try to portray animals in motion , but his dramatic and vast illustrations of the birds of America were important as attempts to show living creatures .
audubon was not the first to try to portray animals in motion , but his dramatic and vast illustrations of the birds of america were important as [tries] to show living creatures .

The glum and the cheery would at least have agreed that getting the best artist for one 's pictures was crucial , and some rows , as for instance between Albert Gunther and Francis Day , were over attempts to commandeer an artist .
the glum and the cheery would at least have agreed that getting the best artist for one 's pictures was crucial , and some rows , as for instance between albert gunther and francis day , were over [tries] to commandeer an artist .

Faraday was a friend of Turner and an admirer of his work , and might well have been more sympathetic to his attempts to catch the effects of light in paint .
faraday was a friend of turner and an admirer of his work , and might well have been more sympathetic to his [tries] to catch the effects of light in paint .

Undesirable elements of individualism and mysticism , undesirable attempts at originality , to be weeded out .
undesirable elements of individualism and mysticism , undesirable [tries] at originality , to be weeded out .

What was new , however , is what Gray and Jenkins ( 1985 , p. 127 ) call ‘ organisational learning ’ : acting on experience gained from earlier failed attempts at administrative reform .
what was new , however , is what gray and jenkins ( 1985 , p. 127 ) call ‘ organisational learning ’ : acting on experience gained from earlier failed [tries] at administrative reform .

Central government attempts to control local authorities by : a ) carefully regulating the amount of money which they can spend locally , and b ) scrutinizing the way in which money is actually spent .
central government [tries] to control local authorities by : a ) carefully regulating the amount of money which they can spend locally , and b ) scrutinizing the way in which money is actually spent .

As Greenwood ( 1982 , p. 259 ) noted , ‘ The Conservative Government 's attempts to extract deeper cuts from higher rather than the lower spending authorities represent a movement away ’ from the former ‘ philosophy ’ .
as greenwood ( 1982 , p. 259 ) noted , ‘ the conservative government 's [tries] to extract deeper cuts from higher rather than the lower spending authorities represent a movement away ’ from the former ‘ philosophy ’ .

As with attempts to control revenue , these capital controls were widely unpopular in local government , and authoritatively criticized as uncertain , inefficient and wasteful ( Audit Commission , 1985b ) .
as with [tries] to control revenue , these capital controls were widely unpopular in local government , and authoritatively criticized as uncertain , inefficient and wasteful ( audit commission , 1985b ) .

This has led , since the turn of the century , to a number of interesting attempts to reformulate the original theory with a new appraisal of the role of the state in monopoly capitalism .
this has led , since the turn of the century , to a number of interesting [tries] to reformulate the original theory with a new appraisal of the role of the state in monopoly capitalism .

Even these more sophisticated attempts to elaborate where power lies and to allow for some freedom of manoeuvre for the state in capitalism can between , however .
even these more sophisticated [tries] to elaborate where power lies and to allow for some freedom of manoeuvre for the state in capitalism can between , however .

Since the death of Poulantzas there have been one or two attempts by Marxist and neo-Marxist theoreticians to accommodate some of these substantive criticisms .
since the death of poulantzas there have been one or two [tries] by marxist and neo-marxist theoreticians to accommodate some of these substantive criticisms .

In particular , indirect attempts to uncover the phenomenon have been made by Crenson and others , but these have tended to founder on the difficulties of separating the notion of a ‘ latent issue ’ , for which one relies on observation of declared but otherwise undeveloped wishes of significant actors , from that of ‘ real interests ’ , which introduces altogether different problems of method , and of course takes one completely out of the field of behaviourism .
in particular , indirect [tries] to uncover the phenomenon have been made by crenson and others , but these have tended to founder on the difficulties of separating the notion of a ‘ latent issue ’ , for which one relies on observation of declared but otherwise undeveloped wishes of significant actors , from that of ‘ real interests ’ , which introduces altogether different problems of method , and of course takes one completely out of the field of behaviourism .

Despite attempts to discuss other countries in terms of the creation of such an industrial-military complex , it is , however , normally the transformation of politics and the economy in post-war America which is the focus of academic analysis of the problem .
despite [tries] to discuss other countries in terms of the creation of such an industrial-military complex , it is , however , normally the transformation of politics and the economy in post-war america which is the focus of academic analysis of the problem .

Sometimes writers wish to discuss under these headings the political claims of regionally limited groups for greater autonomy from a national authority ; sometimes the subject is the general relative deprivation of peripheral regions ; for a time , particularly in the late 1960s and early 1970s , the term was almost synonymous with attempts by central authorities to use peripheral , hitherto neglected areas as dynamos of national resurgence , either in the political field , as in Italy , or in economic development , as in France .
sometimes writers wish to discuss under these headings the political claims of regionally limited groups for greater autonomy from a national authority ; sometimes the subject is the general relative deprivation of peripheral regions ; for a time , particularly in the late 1960s and early 1970s , the term was almost synonymous with [tries] by central authorities to use peripheral , hitherto neglected areas as dynamos of national resurgence , either in the political field , as in italy , or in economic development , as in france .

The waiter , a cocky Italian who flicked his buttocks at her at the least opportunity , eyed her patronisingly and made attempts to chat her up in feeble English .
the waiter , a cocky italian who flicked his buttocks at her at the least opportunity , eyed her patronisingly and made [tries] to chat her up in feeble english .

They flicked ash from their cigarettes into the empty wine-glasses and shouted each other down in vain attempts to be witty .
they flicked ash from their cigarettes into the empty wine-glasses and shouted each other down in vain [tries] to be witty .

These writers scorn attempts to make budgeting into a ‘ rational ’ process .
these writers scorn [tries] to make budgeting into a ‘ rational ’ process .

Monetarists have been hostile to Keynesian attempts at demand management in principle , arguing that they are inflationary .
monetarists have been hostile to keynesian [tries] at demand management in principle , arguing that they are inflationary .

Elsewhere , Greenwood ( 1979 ) suggests that tighter limits on spending enforced by central government encouraged more local authorities to move further away from the traditional incremental pattern of budgeting and introduce more ‘ rational ’ methods : strategic analyses of spending , attempts to forecast demands and changing needs , and new budget structures .
elsewhere , greenwood ( 1979 ) suggests that tighter limits on spending enforced by central government encouraged more local authorities to move further away from the traditional incremental pattern of budgeting and introduce more ‘ rational ’ methods : strategic analyses of spending , [tries] to forecast demands and changing needs , and new budget structures .

They were unusual for social science research : attempts at controlled experiments in selected communities of different kinds in different parts of America .
they were unusual for social science research : [tries] at controlled experiments in selected communities of different kinds in different parts of america .

Pechman 's study attempts to show what difference alternative economic assumptions about the incidence of various taxes make .
pechman 's study [tries] to show what difference alternative economic assumptions about the incidence of various taxes make .

Attempts to extend the scope of risk pooling by using richer schemes ' surplus funds to help poor schemes failed .
[tries] to extend the scope of risk pooling by using richer schemes ' surplus funds to help poor schemes failed .

This is a relic of the attempts to provide an income for the voluntary hospitals in the 1930 's .
this is a relic of the [tries] to provide an income for the voluntary hospitals in the 1930 's .

What , then , are the main constraints on Soviet attempts to project its power into the sub-continent and to consolidate a strong economic presence there ?
what , then , are the main constraints on soviet [tries] to project its power into the sub-continent and to consolidate a strong economic presence there ?

This remained a crucial obstacle until well into the 1960s , when attempts began to synthesise the two ideologies , in what has become known as Liberation Theology .
this remained a crucial obstacle until well into the 1960s , when [tries] began to synthesise the two ideologies , in what has become known as liberation theology .

The basic problem with Comintern attempts to formulate a strategy for revolution in the colonies was that issues such as the nature of the revolution and the role of classes were examined by means of a formal analogy with the Russian revolution , rather than a structural analysis of the specific conditions in individual countries ( Cerdas Cruz : 1986a , p. 41 ) .
the basic problem with comintern [tries] to formulate a strategy for revolution in the colonies was that issues such as the nature of the revolution and the role of classes were examined by means of a formal analogy with the russian revolution , rather than a structural analysis of the specific conditions in individual countries ( cerdas cruz : 1986a , p. 41 ) .

Attempts by Latin American Communists to implement the ultra-leftism and isolationism of the ’ Third period ' ( tactics which had been formulated to respond to the very different political conditions prevailing in Europe ) resulted in considerable loss of support and influence for many of these parties .
[tries] by latin american communists to implement the ultra-leftism and isolationism of the ’ third period ' ( tactics which had been formulated to respond to the very different political conditions prevailing in europe ) resulted in considerable loss of support and influence for many of these parties .

The Comintern 's attempts to involve the Mexican Communist Party in Moscow 's decision to liquidate Trotsky resulted in violent convulsions within the party , with Valentin Campa and Hernán Laborde expelled .
the comintern 's [tries] to involve the mexican communist party in moscow 's decision to liquidate trotsky resulted in violent convulsions within the party , with valentin campa and hernán laborde expelled .

The pertinence of these arguments to Latin American reality was borne out most clearly by the failure of both rural guerrilla warfare ( powerfully symbolised by the death of Che Guevara in Bolivia in 1967 ) and of attempts to apply the same tactics in an urban situation .
the pertinence of these arguments to latin american reality was borne out most clearly by the failure of both rural guerrilla warfare ( powerfully symbolised by the death of che guevara in bolivia in 1967 ) and of [tries] to apply the same tactics in an urban situation .

Thus Castro 's harangues against Washington were attempts to introduce an anti-American feeling rather than to rally support around one that already existed ( which is the case in many Latin American countries ) .
thus castro 's harangues against washington were [tries] to introduce an anti-american feeling rather than to rally support around one that already existed ( which is the case in many latin american countries ) .

It was true that the members of the court sometimes seemed to be in competition in their attempts to gratify Artai 's vanity .
it was true that the members of the court sometimes seemed to be in competition in their [tries] to gratify artai 's vanity .

Geary attempts to explain both the long-term trend away from violence and the sudden return to it in terms of three socio-political developments : the increasing constitutionalisation of trade unions and the police , the growing impact of the media and the progressive democratisation of civil liberties .
geary [tries] to explain both the long-term trend away from violence and the sudden return to it in terms of three socio-political developments : the increasing constitutionalisation of trade unions and the police , the growing impact of the media and the progressive democratisation of civil liberties .

It might also start by attempts to prevent the transportation of strikebreakers or goods , and a clash would follow police intervention .
it might also start by [tries] to prevent the transportation of strikebreakers or goods , and a clash would follow police intervention .

Set against these developments , soccer hooliganism may be interpreted as ‘ attempts by certain sections of the class to assert some inarticulate , but keenly experienced sense of control over the game that was theirs ’ ( Taylor , 1971a:163 ) .
set against these developments , soccer hooliganism may be interpreted as ‘ [tries] by certain sections of the class to assert some inarticulate , but keenly experienced sense of control over the game that was theirs ’ ( taylor , 1971a:163 ) .

Further attempts by the English to extend their presence in Ireland were successfully resisted .
further [tries] by the english to extend their presence in ireland were successfully resisted .

Following the failure of militarisation and a sequence of abortive attempts at political reform , the British reverted in the mid-1970s to a policy based the ‘ primacy of the police ’ .
following the failure of militarisation and a sequence of abortive [tries] at political reform , the british reverted in the mid-1970s to a policy based the ‘ primacy of the police ’ .

When the film Jaws came out , there were many attempts to explain its hold over the audience .
when the film jaws came out , there were many [tries] to explain its hold over the audience .

Immobility is linked to the desire for stable identity , to certain knowledge , to fixed images , and to the various clichés of the discourses of authority . But attempts to fix or stabilize knowledge by means of an array of scientific instruments fail as well , for these instruments generate new metaphors by mixing the concrete with the abstract :
immobility is linked to the desire for stable identity , to certain knowledge , to fixed images , and to the various clichés of the discourses of authority . but [tries] to fix or stabilize knowledge by means of an array of scientific instruments fail as well , for these instruments generate new metaphors by mixing the concrete with the abstract :

Brooke-Rose attempts rather to use old material in new ways .
brooke-rose [tries] rather to use old material in new ways .

Thru literalizes this defining characteristic of narrative by constantly thwarting the reader 's attempts to assign the text to a given ‘ voice ’ .
thru literalizes this defining characteristic of narrative by constantly thwarting the reader 's [tries] to assign the text to a given ‘ voice ’ .

And since even a polygonal story should have at least two sides in all international farewell orgies , how about packing it in and having a bash at normal behaviour eh , so as to get bashed again as whipping boy despite my morseled-out attempts to break free or go shiating on , turning the other cheek to sheer cheek as sitting target for the unclear missiles of affreux dizzy acts or as wailing wall of blame beyond the demarcation line or bowstring frontier that will boomerang back and much joy may it give me. ( 102 )
and since even a polygonal story should have at least two sides in all international farewell orgies , how about packing it in and having a bash at normal behaviour eh , so as to get bashed again as whipping boy despite my morseled-out [tries] to break free or go shiating on , turning the other cheek to sheer cheek as sitting target for the unclear missiles of affreux dizzy acts or as wailing wall of blame beyond the demarcation line or bowstring frontier that will boomerang back and much joy may it give me. ( 102 )

The cat attempts to nose beneath my book .
the cat [tries] to nose beneath my book .

In attempts to obtain alternative estimates of crime levels but also to gain information on various topics such as fear of crime , attitudes to the police , public views on punishment and impact of crime , the last decade has seen the proliferation of the crime survey in Britain .
in [tries] to obtain alternative estimates of crime levels but also to gain information on various topics such as fear of crime , attitudes to the police , public views on punishment and impact of crime , the last decade has seen the proliferation of the crime survey in britain .

a ‘ statistically average ’ person aged 16 or over can expect : a robbery once every five centuries ( not attempts ) , an assault resulting in injury ( even if slight ) once every century , the family car to be taken by joyriders once every 60 years , a burglary in the home once every 40 years . ( Hough and Mayhew 1983 , p. 15 )
a ‘ statistically average ’ person aged 16 or over can expect : a robbery once every five centuries ( not [tries] ) , an assault resulting in injury ( even if slight ) once every century , the family car to be taken by joyriders once every 60 years , a burglary in the home once every 40 years . ( hough and mayhew 1983 , p. 15 )

Melossi contends that earlier attempts by Box and Hale to use an argument based upon the ‘ unintended consequences of purposive social action ’ are limited .
melossi contends that earlier [tries] by box and hale to use an argument based upon the ‘ unintended consequences of purposive social action ’ are limited .

The recent history of Government attempts to reduce the prison population is a history of ‘ tinkering ’ .
the recent history of government [tries] to reduce the prison population is a history of ‘ tinkering ’ .

What has tended to happen historically , with earlier attempts to provide alternatives to custody , is that instead of moving offenders currently receiving a sentence of imprisonment down-tariff , in this case to some form of punishment in the community , down-tariff offenders — those who formerly were dealt with by a fine or conditional discharge — have been given the new sentence .
what has tended to happen historically , with earlier [tries] to provide alternatives to custody , is that instead of moving offenders currently receiving a sentence of imprisonment down-tariff , in this case to some form of punishment in the community , down-tariff offenders — those who formerly were dealt with by a fine or conditional discharge — have been given the new sentence .

This can happen , as local initiatives with magistrates have shown but the prognosis for major change on a national level is , judging from the history of earlier attempts , gloomy .
this can happen , as local initiatives with magistrates have shown but the prognosis for major change on a national level is , judging from the history of earlier [tries] , gloomy .

It could stop the erosion of rights catalogued throughout this book , and for this reason such a document needs to be considered seriously by the socialist opposition in Britain , and not written off as mere attempts at electoral reform when instead it should be developing a radical heart along democratic socialist lines .
it could stop the erosion of rights catalogued throughout this book , and for this reason such a document needs to be considered seriously by the socialist opposition in britain , and not written off as mere [tries] at electoral reform when instead it should be developing a radical heart along democratic socialist lines .

What is illustrated by these attempts to introduce a written constitution an unlikely event in modem times — is that there is considerable concern over the ambiguities and lack of clear codification in an unwritten constitution .
what is illustrated by these [tries] to introduce a written constitution an unlikely event in modem times — is that there is considerable concern over the ambiguities and lack of clear codification in an unwritten constitution .

But Stephen Dodd , Neil Roderick , Craig Cassells and Darren Prosser all made less successful attempts and not one of them completed all six rounds at Massane in Montpelier .
but stephen dodd , neil roderick , craig cassells and darren prosser all made less successful [tries] and not one of them completed all six rounds at massane in montpelier .

After a few attempts , which often result in catching the ball off the toe , the player begins to feel how necessary it is to turn away fully in the backswing and to bring the club down on the correct path .
after a few [tries] , which often result in catching the ball off the toe , the player begins to feel how necessary it is to turn away fully in the backswing and to bring the club down on the correct path .

Lord Joseph made two unsuccessful attempts to limit the national curriculum to a purely advisory role and to restrict its operation to the three core subjects .
lord joseph made two unsuccessful [tries] to limit the national curriculum to a purely advisory role and to restrict its operation to the three core subjects .

At present several attempts are being made to devise performance indicators which would enable schools to be graded , and serve both as a management tool and as a guide to parents in choosing a school .
at present several [tries] are being made to devise performance indicators which would enable schools to be graded , and serve both as a management tool and as a guide to parents in choosing a school .

City technology colleges illustrate another aspect of privatisation in their attempts to attract resources from industry and commerce .
city technology colleges illustrate another aspect of privatisation in their [tries] to attract resources from industry and commerce .

In education two new city technology colleges were announced and attempts were to be made to extend the system of ‘ compacts ’ between business , schools and colleges.under which all pupils/students are guaranteed jobs with local firms when they leave school .
in education two new city technology colleges were announced and [tries] were to be made to extend the system of ‘ compacts ’ between business , schools and colleges.under which all pupils/students are guaranteed jobs with local firms when they leave school .

Resource decentralisation is practised in the Kent Community Care Scheme which attempts to provide care at home for frail elderly people as a means of avoiding institutional care .
resource decentralisation is practised in the kent community care scheme which [tries] to provide care at home for frail elderly people as a means of avoiding institutional care .

Intervention arises from attempts to restore the authority of the state and secure the compliance of other agencies and interests .
intervention arises from [tries] to restore the authority of the state and secure the compliance of other agencies and interests .

There have also been successive attempts throughout the 1980s to restrict the benefits available to immigrants .
there have also been successive [tries] throughout the 1980s to restrict the benefits available to immigrants .

Below : As technology improved there were various attempts to fit engines in horse drawn narrow boats .
below : as technology improved there were various [tries] to fit engines in horse drawn narrow boats .

Hooke 's Patent Detachable Motor represents one of the less successful attempts .
hooke 's patent detachable motor represents one of the less successful [tries] .

But increasing pressure from recreation and development of all kinds on the delicate mountain areas has led to renewed attempts to set up some kind of planning scheme to protect them .
but increasing pressure from recreation and development of all kinds on the delicate mountain areas has led to renewed [tries] to set up some kind of planning scheme to protect them .

James Hamilton attempts to rectify this by placing Rackham in context , following the artist form his first paint box to his last commission .
james hamilton [tries] to rectify this by placing rackham in context , following the artist form his first paint box to his last commission .

After 4 attempts and 2 hours they finally got 568 kayaks strung together and held only by hands for 30 seconds before departing 5km down to Holme Pierrepont for a fun afternoon .
after 4 [tries] and 2 hours they finally got 568 kayaks strung together and held only by hands for 30 seconds before departing 5km down to holme pierrepont for a fun afternoon .

Attempts are to be made to resolve the Arab-Israeli dispute , together with the Palestinian issue .
[tries] are to be made to resolve the arab-israeli dispute , together with the palestinian issue .

In effect , Western attempts to create a security system which does not take this into account can not anticipate a long-term future .
in effect , western [tries] to create a security system which does not take this into account can not anticipate a long-term future .

Attempts to introduce stricter controls on the activities of the increasing number of private bailiffs through an amendment to the Local Government Finance bill failed in the House of Lords in January .
[tries] to introduce stricter controls on the activities of the increasing number of private bailiffs through an amendment to the local government finance bill failed in the house of lords in january .

At the outset of their research , messrs Deakins and Hussain believed : ‘ there is a paucity of qualitative research that attempts to look at the relationship between the bank manager and the small business owner and the importance of different reasons for accepting and rejecting propositions that come before the banks . To enable us to get at the real reasons for lending decisions and influences upon those decisions , we decided to adopt a different approach from any previous research … ‘
at the outset of their research , messrs deakins and hussain believed : ‘ there is a paucity of qualitative research that [tries] to look at the relationship between the bank manager and the small business owner and the importance of different reasons for accepting and rejecting propositions that come before the banks . to enable us to get at the real reasons for lending decisions and influences upon those decisions , we decided to adopt a different approach from any previous research … ‘

It looks through the buildings which make up English towns and cities at the processes of life which produced and used them , and so attempts to explain them in human terms .
it looks through the buildings which make up english towns and cities at the processes of life which produced and used them , and so [tries] to explain them in human terms .

Please put all six attempts on one postcard , if possible .
please put all six [tries] on one postcard , if possible .

Your first attempts afloat will be controlled by the instructor who will allow you to practise the new techniques before returning to the simulator for coaching .
your first [tries] afloat will be controlled by the instructor who will allow you to practise the new techniques before returning to the simulator for coaching .

Edward 's attempts to manipulate seemed both touching and , eventually , fruitless .
edward 's [tries] to manipulate seemed both touching and , eventually , fruitless .

These variations in health and educational attainment are of long standing and appear to have defied attempts made under the Welfare State to obtain greater equality in access to services .
these variations in health and educational attainment are of long standing and appear to have defied [tries] made under the welfare state to obtain greater equality in access to services .

The relative stabilization of the economy after the wild fluctuations in the business cycle in the previous decade , together with the defeat of Chartism and early militant trade-unionism , assisted social reformers in their attempts to treat issues as discrete and separate , rather than interdependent .
the relative stabilization of the economy after the wild fluctuations in the business cycle in the previous decade , together with the defeat of chartism and early militant trade-unionism , assisted social reformers in their [tries] to treat issues as discrete and separate , rather than interdependent .

Here again , questions of discourse and power surfaced in women 's attempts to develop a feminist sexual politics .
here again , questions of discourse and power surfaced in women 's [tries] to develop a feminist sexual politics .

From the late 1860s there had been repeated attempts to obtain greater state aid and recognition for science , in the wake of increased technical competition from Germany .
from the late 1860s there had been repeated [tries] to obtain greater state aid and recognition for science , in the wake of increased technical competition from germany .

In the same way , attempts by a small but highly articulate pressure group around the journal Nature , founded in 1869 to argue for the social utility of scientific research , gained only limited success .
in the same way , [tries] by a small but highly articulate pressure group around the journal nature , founded in 1869 to argue for the social utility of scientific research , gained only limited success .

Classroom interaction : a study of spoken texts produced by teachers and pupils in classroom situations , and of some recent and current attempts to describe and classify these .
classroom interaction : a study of spoken texts produced by teachers and pupils in classroom situations , and of some recent and current [tries] to describe and classify these .

Attempts to explain disappointing performance in terms of linguistic deficit and linguistic ‘ difference ’ .
[tries] to explain disappointing performance in terms of linguistic deficit and linguistic ‘ difference ’ .

This paper describes current work in the Division in Education and attempts briefly to evaluate the quality and influence of research and teaching provision in this area .
this paper describes current work in the division in education and [tries] briefly to evaluate the quality and influence of research and teaching provision in this area .

The theoretical framework which underwrites the planning , attempts to keep together the four modes of language and their relation to learning and teaching in schools .
the theoretical framework which underwrites the planning , [tries] to keep together the four modes of language and their relation to learning and teaching in schools .

In 1915 the attempts of landlords to benefit from housing shortages , exacerbated by the cessation of house building and the influx of munitions workers to the Clyde shipbuilding yards and engineering works .
in 1915 the [tries] of landlords to benefit from housing shortages , exacerbated by the cessation of house building and the influx of munitions workers to the clyde shipbuilding yards and engineering works .

For a moment he forgot his attempts to look dignified in the Rover 's utilitarian steel cabin .
for a moment he forgot his [tries] to look dignified in the rover 's utilitarian steel cabin .

Some of them sat on the grass , smoked cigarettes and watched the organizers ' bumbling attempts to set the rally in progress .
some of them sat on the grass , smoked cigarettes and watched the organizers ' bumbling [tries] to set the rally in progress .

In the highly charged atmosphere of the 1840s , Owen served his conservative masters well by steadfastly blocking the radicals ' attempts to postulate relationships close enough to justify the theory of transmutation .
in the highly charged atmosphere of the 1840s , owen served his conservative masters well by steadfastly blocking the radicals ' [tries] to postulate relationships close enough to justify the theory of transmutation .

Continually frustrated in his attempts to get past Cardiff , Gilbert exploded in rage .
continually frustrated in his [tries] to get past cardiff , gilbert exploded in rage .

After Golding 's departure , Derek made several further attempts to contact Charlotte by telephone .
after golding 's departure , derek made several further [tries] to contact charlotte by telephone .

Her willingness to talk verged on a compelling need and after all his previous attempts to gain her confidence , which had made little headway , he knew he must not let such an opportunity pass him by .
her willingness to talk verged on a compelling need and after all his previous [tries] to gain her confidence , which had made little headway , he knew he must not let such an opportunity pass him by .

Donna turned as Ryker came at her , avoiding his clumsy attempts to grab her .
donna turned as ryker came at her , avoiding his clumsy [tries] to grab her .

Donna rarely ventured down the wooden ladder into it ; it was not well lit and , despite Ward–s attempts to convince her otherwise , she was certain that the entire cellar was seething with spiders , creatures she was frightened of .
donna rarely ventured down the wooden ladder into it ; it was not well lit and , despite ward–s [tries] to convince her otherwise , she was certain that the entire cellar was seething with spiders , creatures she was frightened of .

They see the range of responses from deep and bitter grief to awkward attempts to simulate grief where it no longer has relevance for the relationship .
they see the range of responses from deep and bitter grief to awkward [tries] to simulate grief where it no longer has relevance for the relationship .

Esoteric cults proliferate and many attempts , like astrology , to make links between human lives and the pattern of the universe are attracting new adherents .
esoteric cults proliferate and many [tries] , like astrology , to make links between human lives and the pattern of the universe are attracting new adherents .

Fires which are started intentionally often have multiple points of origin and their occurrence may sometimes coincide with attempts to reduce the effectiveness of the protective system .
fires which are started intentionally often have multiple points of origin and their occurrence may sometimes coincide with [tries] to reduce the effectiveness of the protective system .

Assuming they were free from spelling and other mistakes , a process which may have involved several attempts , these were cut up and stuck down onto a master layout sheet using wax or gum .
assuming they were free from spelling and other mistakes , a process which may have involved several [tries] , these were cut up and stuck down onto a master layout sheet using wax or gum .

Porter peered over the landing rail , through the steel netting that was strung from one side to the other , and noticed that , on the landing below , prisoners who had finished slopping out had not in fact returned to their cells but were standing outside , their attempts at entry barred by warders .
porter peered over the landing rail , through the steel netting that was strung from one side to the other , and noticed that , on the landing below , prisoners who had finished slopping out had not in fact returned to their cells but were standing outside , their [tries] at entry barred by warders .

‘ What attempts are there at segregation between remand prisoners and convicted men here ?
‘ what [tries] are there at segregation between remand prisoners and convicted men here ?

‘ Are there many attempts at suicide , Mr Nicholson ? ’ Paul Merrick asked .
‘ are there many [tries] at suicide , mr nicholson ? ’ paul merrick asked .

For example , skilled workers may enjoy considerable autonomy by virtue of their employer 's reliance on their skills — so much so that the employer gives little thought to attempts to rationalise work or de-skill jobs .
for example , skilled workers may enjoy considerable autonomy by virtue of their employer 's reliance on their skills — so much so that the employer gives little thought to [tries] to rationalise work or de-skill jobs .

The union , notoriously moderate and bureaucratic , repudiated the strike and made several attempts to engineer a return to work ( including alleged collaboration with the employer ) .
the union , notoriously moderate and bureaucratic , repudiated the strike and made several [tries] to engineer a return to work ( including alleged collaboration with the employer ) .

This kind of view is reasonably common in managerial literature , which attempts to come up with training and motivational techniques for dealing with conflicts which arise in what are seen as potentially ‘ conflict-free , organisations .
this kind of view is reasonably common in managerial literature , which [tries] to come up with training and motivational techniques for dealing with conflicts which arise in what are seen as potentially ‘ conflict-free , organisations .

attempts to dodge the issues of conflict , which is an observable fact of life in most organisations ; nor
[tries] to dodge the issues of conflict , which is an observable fact of life in most organisations ; nor

He attempts to obtain considerable freedom of action from his superiors .
he [tries] to obtain considerable freedom of action from his superiors .

Very sensibly , Benny stands perfectly still while the psychopath reaches up on tiptoe and attempts to screw his earhole . [ Gloria Gloria ]
very sensibly , benny stands perfectly still while the psychopath reaches up on tiptoe and [tries] to screw his earhole . [ gloria gloria ]

Although Edward apparently promised him the captaincy of Berwick in September 1319 , during the English siege of the town , and grants continued to come his way during 1320 , his allegiance was soon to be severed by the ambitions of Despenser , whose attempts in 1320–1 to enlarge his share of the Gloucester inheritance in south Wales raised the whole march against him .
although edward apparently promised him the captaincy of berwick in september 1319 , during the english siege of the town , and grants continued to come his way during 1320 , his allegiance was soon to be severed by the ambitions of despenser , whose [tries] in 1320–1 to enlarge his share of the gloucester inheritance in south wales raised the whole march against him .

After two more unsuccessful attempts to get into Parliament in 1950 and 1951 he took to authorship , though continuing as a lecturer , journalist , and broadcaster .
after two more unsuccessful [tries] to get into parliament in 1950 and 1951 he took to authorship , though continuing as a lecturer , journalist , and broadcaster .

There had been occasional attempts to re-use the Fell types but this was frustrated by their condition .
there had been occasional [tries] to re-use the fell types but this was frustrated by their condition .

He traversed the deserts of Persia and Baluchistan by camel , crossed central Africa at its widest point ( Across Wildest Africa , 1907 ) , and explored the Matto Grosso of Brazil ( Across Unknown South America , 1913 ) where his men mutinied and made two attempts on his life .
he traversed the deserts of persia and baluchistan by camel , crossed central africa at its widest point ( across wildest africa , 1907 ) , and explored the matto grosso of brazil ( across unknown south america , 1913 ) where his men mutinied and made two [tries] on his life .

In a period when ballooning was an activity only for itinerant showmen , any interest in flying invited ridicule , but he made several unsuccessful attempts to form a society to encourage aeronautical developments .
in a period when ballooning was an activity only for itinerant showmen , any interest in flying invited ridicule , but he made several unsuccessful [tries] to form a society to encourage aeronautical developments .

However , Beecroft 's attempts , little noted at the time because they were mounted from Fernando Po , proved much more successful than the highly publicized expeditions that set out from England .
however , beecroft 's [tries] , little noted at the time because they were mounted from fernando po , proved much more successful than the highly publicized expeditions that set out from england .

Though her outstanding achievement is undoubtedly the composition of the first original poetry by a woman to be published in the seventeenth century , a volume of religious verse entitled Salve Deus Rex Judaeorum ( 1611 ) , she has become notorious as a result of attempts made to identify her as the ‘ dark lady ’ of Shakespeare 's Sonnets ( 1609 ) , on the conjectural grounds of her racial colouring , musical ability , and promiscuity .
though her outstanding achievement is undoubtedly the composition of the first original poetry by a woman to be published in the seventeenth century , a volume of religious verse entitled salve deus rex judaeorum ( 1611 ) , she has become notorious as a result of [tries] made to identify her as the ‘ dark lady ’ of shakespeare 's sonnets ( 1609 ) , on the conjectural grounds of her racial colouring , musical ability , and promiscuity .

Rudd 's promotions were probably attempts to remunerate a man who was of more value to the Tudor state as a cartographer than as a cleric .
rudd 's promotions were probably [tries] to remunerate a man who was of more value to the tudor state as a cartographer than as a cleric .

After unsuccessful attempts to sell his enormous stock of prints through public auctions he retired to his wife 's house , suitably named ‘ The Retreat ’ .
after unsuccessful [tries] to sell his enormous stock of prints through public auctions he retired to his wife 's house , suitably named ‘ the retreat ’ .

Her work also began to be recognized by the male-dominated science community , although attempts to join their establishments did not go unopposed .
her work also began to be recognized by the male-dominated science community , although [tries] to join their establishments did not go unopposed .

In 1762 he was involved in the clash between moderate and evangelical factions over appointments of clergy to Edinburgh charges , and his well-meaning attempts to secure the best qualified candidates and to appease all sides provoked further animosity over civil and judicial promotions .
in 1762 he was involved in the clash between moderate and evangelical factions over appointments of clergy to edinburgh charges , and his well-meaning [tries] to secure the best qualified candidates and to appease all sides provoked further animosity over civil and judicial promotions .

After her marriage attempts were made to unseat her from the London School Board because of the alleged illegality of her name .
after her marriage [tries] were made to unseat her from the london school board because of the alleged illegality of her name .

These attempts , none too successful , ranged from various business ventures to a stint in the Netherlands ( 1745–7 ) as observer for the British government .
these [tries] , none too successful , ranged from various business ventures to a stint in the netherlands ( 1745–7 ) as observer for the british government .

Somerset 's governmental changes included the legalization of the English language as the official medium , the introduction of English currency , the setting up of a council of advice , and attempts to ameliorate the treatment of slaves in accordance with new policies laid down in London .
somerset 's governmental changes included the legalization of the english language as the official medium , the introduction of english currency , the setting up of a council of advice , and [tries] to ameliorate the treatment of slaves in accordance with new policies laid down in london .

He made three attempts to enter Parliament for Tewkesbury before succeeding in 1918 , when he stood for Stroud as a coalition candidate .
he made three [tries] to enter parliament for tewkesbury before succeeding in 1918 , when he stood for stroud as a coalition candidate .

His taste for public speaking was indulged as chairman of the quarter sessions , and in 1698 , after several unsuccessful attempts to enter Parliament , he secured election as knight of the shire .
his taste for public speaking was indulged as chairman of the quarter sessions , and in 1698 , after several unsuccessful [tries] to enter parliament , he secured election as knight of the shire .

In 1826 , all other attempts to resume his military career having failed , he obtained a lieutenancy in the Royal African Colonial Corps .
in 1826 , all other [tries] to resume his military career having failed , he obtained a lieutenancy in the royal african colonial corps .

Alford was equally staunch in championing the rights of the Commons against the Lords , whether protesting at the Upper House 's attempts to control the negotiations over the Scottish union or complaining against their insistence on members ' ‘ standing so long bare ’ at conferences .
alford was equally staunch in championing the rights of the commons against the lords , whether protesting at the upper house 's [tries] to control the negotiations over the scottish union or complaining against their insistence on members ' ‘ standing so long bare ’ at conferences .

Her family and friends made many attempts to draw her into public life , including offering the sub-editorship of a literary magazine , but these were all rejected .
her family and friends made many [tries] to draw her into public life , including offering the sub-editorship of a literary magazine , but these were all rejected .

His legal expertise proved of invaluable service in the legislative attempts to protect working-class enterprise ; in 1850 he gave evidence to the House of Commons select committee on middle-class and working-class savings , and he appeared before the royal commission on limited liability set up in 1853 .
his legal expertise proved of invaluable service in the legislative [tries] to protect working-class enterprise ; in 1850 he gave evidence to the house of commons select committee on middle-class and working-class savings , and he appeared before the royal commission on limited liability set up in 1853 .

Oral tradition affirms that the Camerons as well as the Stewarts of Appin were actively countenancing two , if not three , attempts on Glenure 's life on 14 May 1752 , the day on which he was shot in the back by a killer who escaped unrecognized .
oral tradition affirms that the camerons as well as the stewarts of appin were actively countenancing two , if not three , [tries] on glenure 's life on 14 may 1752 , the day on which he was shot in the back by a killer who escaped unrecognized .

Sisley retained the British nationality inherited from his father throughout his life , although he made two unsuccessful attempts in 1888 and 1898 to become a naturalized French citizen .
sisley retained the british nationality inherited from his father throughout his life , although he made two unsuccessful [tries] in 1888 and 1898 to become a naturalized french citizen .

He failed in three attempts to secure election to the Trades Union Congress 's parliamentary committee , but he represented the vellum binders at the foundation conference of the labour representation committee in February 1900 , and was elected to its executive .
he failed in three [tries] to secure election to the trades union congress 's parliamentary committee , but he represented the vellum binders at the foundation conference of the labour representation committee in february 1900 , and was elected to its executive .

White agonized about helping the war effort and in 1942 applied to join the Royal Air Force Volunteer Reserve ( he had learned to fly before the war ) but his attempts failed , thereby exacerbating his sense of guilt and isolation .
white agonized about helping the war effort and in 1942 applied to join the royal air force volunteer reserve ( he had learned to fly before the war ) but his [tries] failed , thereby exacerbating his sense of guilt and isolation .

vividly recounts her attempts at independence , her indebtedness to friends , her financial insecurity , and unwittingly , her impetuosity and blind faith in her new ventures .
vividly recounts her [tries] at independence , her indebtedness to friends , her financial insecurity , and unwittingly , her impetuosity and blind faith in her new ventures .

She opposed the treaty between Britain and Ireland , although involved in attempts to negotiate a truce at the start of civil war .
she opposed the treaty between britain and ireland , although involved in [tries] to negotiate a truce at the start of civil war .

He dealt firmly with the attempts of the union movement to stir up trouble and efficiently with the problems created by Marshal Tito of Yugoslavia 's state visit , as well as with the great occasion of the coronation .
he dealt firmly with the [tries] of the union movement to stir up trouble and efficiently with the problems created by marshal tito of yugoslavia 's state visit , as well as with the great occasion of the coronation .

It 's only when women refuse to tow the line , when we renounce the rewards of good behaviour and resist all attempts to be incorporated that true rebellion comes into its own .
it 's only when women refuse to tow the line , when we renounce the rewards of good behaviour and resist all [tries] to be incorporated that true rebellion comes into its own .

Even more ambitious attempts to bring trade unionists and community activists together in educational settings have taken place at Northern College .
even more ambitious [tries] to bring trade unionists and community activists together in educational settings have taken place at northern college .

But he had blocked all her attempts to anoint him with love and sympathy .
but he had blocked all her [tries] to anoint him with love and sympathy .

All this chapter attempts is to offer guidance on how to find the way through the statutory provisions which , understandably , tend to be expressed in accountants ' language rather than that of lawyers .
all this chapter [tries] is to offer guidance on how to find the way through the statutory provisions which , understandably , tend to be expressed in accountants ' language rather than that of lawyers .

She did not remember anyone inviting Tim , he had just tagged on to them , but she felt it was safer to take him than leave him near Durance in case he made any further blackmail attempts .
she did not remember anyone inviting tim , he had just tagged on to them , but she felt it was safer to take him than leave him near durance in case he made any further blackmail [tries] .

We can assume that the processing resources available for language production are limited , and attempts to hold items for future as well as current constituents would result in an unnecessary drain on processing resources .
we can assume that the processing resources available for language production are limited , and [tries] to hold items for future as well as current constituents would result in an unnecessary drain on processing resources .

Again , the term comes from the earliest attempts at explaining the disorder .
again , the term comes from the earliest [tries] at explaining the disorder .

Various attempts have been made to regard Broca 's aphasia as a syndrome in the first of these senses — that is , to argue that there is a single underlying deficit in the language processing system which is responsible for all the symptoms of Broca 's aphasia .
various [tries] have been made to regard broca 's aphasia as a syndrome in the first of these senses — that is , to argue that there is a single underlying deficit in the language processing system which is responsible for all the symptoms of broca 's aphasia .

if there is a specific problem with prefixes and suffixes , that would be seen as arising during attempts to construct the positional-level representation ) .
if there is a specific problem with prefixes and suffixes , that would be seen as arising during [tries] to construct the positional-level representation ) .

Therefore , in campaigns a party attempts less to attract these voters than to ensure that they are not repelled by what the party advocates .
therefore , in campaigns a party [tries] less to attract these voters than to ensure that they are not repelled by what the party advocates .

Attempts to establish such relations firmly in the successor republics are still going on , but the crisis inherent in contemporary political conditions is likely to result in strong executives .
[tries] to establish such relations firmly in the successor republics are still going on , but the crisis inherent in contemporary political conditions is likely to result in strong executives .

Attempts to attract candidates without this bias are very difficult to make successfully , especially as much of the self-selection process will have taken place by social conditioning in homes , schools and colleges , long before the Civil Service Commission enters into the reckoning .
[tries] to attract candidates without this bias are very difficult to make successfully , especially as much of the self-selection process will have taken place by social conditioning in homes , schools and colleges , long before the civil service commission enters into the reckoning .

In cases considered since Roe , the Supreme Court has generally shown more deference to congressional restrictions than to the states ' attempts to overturn Roe , for example it ruled that public funds may not be used for abortions whether therapeutic or non-therapeutic ( Harris v. McRae 1980 ) .
in cases considered since roe , the supreme court has generally shown more deference to congressional restrictions than to the states ' [tries] to overturn roe , for example it ruled that public funds may not be used for abortions whether therapeutic or non-therapeutic ( harris v. mcrae 1980 ) .

Contemporary attempts by the military in liberal democracies to see itself as professionalized , like similar movements among police forces , may be explained by the military 's desire , on the one hand , to avoid attacks on its competence or political attitudes and , on the other , to provide a basis from which to claim superiority for its expert views on policy matters from weapons procurement to military strategy .
contemporary [tries] by the military in liberal democracies to see itself as professionalized , like similar movements among police forces , may be explained by the military 's desire , on the one hand , to avoid attacks on its competence or political attitudes and , on the other , to provide a basis from which to claim superiority for its expert views on policy matters from weapons procurement to military strategy .

Since the end of the Cold War , there have been attempts to reassess the concept of national security , for example by Barry Buzan , whose analysis addresses the contradictions frequently existing between state security and the security of individuals and groups within the state .
since the end of the cold war , there have been [tries] to reassess the concept of national security , for example by barry buzan , whose analysis addresses the contradictions frequently existing between state security and the security of individuals and groups within the state .

The 1970s saw the beginning of serious and substantial attempts to understand and improve the financial reporting practices of public sector organizations .
the 1970s saw the beginning of serious and substantial [tries] to understand and improve the financial reporting practices of public sector organizations .

From the beginning , however , these difficulties have been recognized and although there have been attempts to overcome them — attempts which will no doubt continue — there had to be a way of progressing while these studies were being undertaken .
from the beginning , however , these difficulties have been recognized and although there have been [tries] to overcome them — [tries] which will no doubt continue — there had to be a way of progressing while these studies were being undertaken .

The law attempts to ensure that the original capital invested is maintained within the limited company , particularly so that the rights of unsecured creditors are protected : the original capital , if maintained , is assumed to provide their security .
the law [tries] to ensure that the original capital invested is maintained within the limited company , particularly so that the rights of unsecured creditors are protected : the original capital , if maintained , is assumed to provide their security .

This chapter is concerned with the ways in which the results of these techniques are reported and more particularly with the legal and professional attempts made to standardize them .
this chapter is concerned with the ways in which the results of these techniques are reported and more particularly with the legal and professional [tries] made to standardize them .

Hence , we have the attempts by both the law and professional pronouncement to standardize , but to standardize whilst retaining some flexibility .
hence , we have the [tries] by both the law and professional pronouncement to standardize , but to standardize whilst retaining some flexibility .

But many responsible local finance officers accepted the phrase as an accurate description of , indeed as a compliment to , their legal and professional attempts to protect their localities against Government interference .
but many responsible local finance officers accepted the phrase as an accurate description of , indeed as a compliment to , their legal and professional [tries] to protect their localities against government interference .

Advanced weapon techniques 1 : the attacker attempts to strike .
advanced weapon techniques 1 : the attacker [tries] to strike .

2 The attacker attempts a right front kick .
2 the attacker [tries] a right front kick .

He then stretches out his arms and attempts to grab the sole of each foot .
he then stretches out his arms and [tries] to grab the sole of each foot .

‘ Climatic geomorphology attempts to cope with the excessive complexity of natural parameters by holding variables such as structure , lithology and man constant .
‘ climatic geomorphology [tries] to cope with the excessive complexity of natural parameters by holding variables such as structure , lithology and man constant .

The second view of climatic geomorphology emerged much more in relation to attempts to relate process to climate and to emphasize the interrelation between the morphological , pedological , vegetational and climatic characteristics of the earth 's surface .
the second view of climatic geomorphology emerged much more in relation to [tries] to relate process to climate and to emphasize the interrelation between the morphological , pedological , vegetational and climatic characteristics of the earth 's surface .

Climatology is probably the most data-rich branch , in which maps showing mean values of climatic elements such as precipitation or temperature had been long-established and numerous attempts had been made to classify climates upon a world basis .
climatology is probably the most data-rich branch , in which maps showing mean values of climatic elements such as precipitation or temperature had been long-established and numerous [tries] had been made to classify climates upon a world basis .

Whereas many such attempts embodied a somewhat static view of the pressure distribution , this was succeeded by what Barry and Perry ( 1973 ) termed a kinematic view of the weather map in which the synoptic weather map is viewed in terms of airflow and the movement of pressure systems .
whereas many such [tries] embodied a somewhat static view of the pressure distribution , this was succeeded by what barry and perry ( 1973 ) termed a kinematic view of the weather map in which the synoptic weather map is viewed in terms of airflow and the movement of pressure systems .

It is in regard to erosion rates that perhaps the most dramatic progress has been made and in addition to world patterns of discharge , Walling and Webb ( 1983 ) have now reviewed earlier attempts to portray world patterns of sediment yield , some of which conflicted quite significantly , and have provided a revised map of global sediment yields based upon data from nearly 1500 measuring stations and pertinent to sediment yields from basins of 1000 to 10,000 km 2 in area .
it is in regard to erosion rates that perhaps the most dramatic progress has been made and in addition to world patterns of discharge , walling and webb ( 1983 ) have now reviewed earlier [tries] to portray world patterns of sediment yield , some of which conflicted quite significantly , and have provided a revised map of global sediment yields based upon data from nearly 1500 measuring stations and pertinent to sediment yields from basins of 1000 to 10,000 km 2 in area .

Perhaps more than in other environments the analysis of city problems reveals the inadequacy of attempts at understanding through blinkered , disciplinary approaches .
perhaps more than in other environments the analysis of city problems reveals the inadequacy of [tries] at understanding through blinkered , disciplinary approaches .

Although it is very difficult to analyse soil systems quantitatively using this approach , a number of attempts have been made to solve the state factor equations and these have been reviewed by Yaalon ( 1975 ) .
although it is very difficult to analyse soil systems quantitatively using this approach , a number of [tries] have been made to solve the state factor equations and these have been reviewed by yaalon ( 1975 ) .

When her food arrived , she appeared to eat without appetite , made little or no response to any attempts at conversation and left the table without taking dessert or coffee .
when her food arrived , she appeared to eat without appetite , made little or no response to any [tries] at conversation and left the table without taking dessert or coffee .

He rejected attempts to justify these actions ‘ with talk about the ‘ Soviet threat ’ to that region 's oil wealth ' and underlined that ‘ we are not indifferent to what takes place in this region , which is so close to our borders ’ .
he rejected [tries] to justify these actions ‘ with talk about the ‘ soviet threat ’ to that region 's oil wealth ' and underlined that ‘ we are not indifferent to what takes place in this region , which is so close to our borders ’ .

They have argued that the ‘ contradictions ’ between Israel and Arab states have for many years frustrated the attempts of American strategists to construct an alliance between Israel and the more conservative Arab states .
they have argued that the ‘ contradictions ’ between israel and arab states have for many years frustrated the [tries] of american strategists to construct an alliance between israel and the more conservative arab states .

In Africa , American attempts to construct blocs would be undercut by the fact that even the most pro-Western states in the region ‘ in every way avoid tight ( particularly formally established ) association with the racist regime ’ of South Africa .
in africa , american [tries] to construct blocs would be undercut by the fact that even the most pro-western states in the region ‘ in every way avoid tight ( particularly formally established ) association with the racist regime ’ of south africa .

In their view this approach does not preclude continued American attempts to construct new blocs .
in their view this approach does not preclude continued american [tries] to construct new blocs .

Beyond Asia Soviet officials continued to attack American and South African attempts in the 1980s to construct a South Atlantic Treaty Organisation .
beyond asia soviet officials continued to attack american and south african [tries] in the 1980s to construct a south atlantic treaty organisation .

The Soviet contention that military bases in the Third World could generate dangerous East-West tensions was forcibly and unexpectedly underlined by the crisis initiated by Soviet attempts to establish a nuclear missile base on Cuban soil in 1962 .
the soviet contention that military bases in the third world could generate dangerous east-west tensions was forcibly and unexpectedly underlined by the crisis initiated by soviet [tries] to establish a nuclear missile base on cuban soil in 1962 .

The first requires the subsidence of a whole series of oceanic islands : the second attempts to use the fluctuating sea levels of the Pleistocene , which are well evidenced by all sorts of phenomena , as the explanation of the features of coral reefs .
the first requires the subsidence of a whole series of oceanic islands : the second [tries] to use the fluctuating sea levels of the pleistocene , which are well evidenced by all sorts of phenomena , as the explanation of the features of coral reefs .

Less objective devices are provided by such methods as generalised contours which are attempts to reconstruct the original contours by linking up the furthest points reached by each contour from the area of highest ground .
less objective devices are provided by such methods as generalised contours which are [tries] to reconstruct the original contours by linking up the furthest points reached by each contour from the area of highest ground .

Later attempts to define climatically related morphogenetic regions have been made by a number of people , e.g .
later [tries] to define climatically related morphogenetic regions have been made by a number of people , e.g .

Repeated attempts to cut back the global total of public spending have placed an increased emphasis on control of public spending .
repeated [tries] to cut back the global total of public spending have placed an increased emphasis on control of public spending .

Each draws significantly upon previously existing courses and each attempts to fill a gap in the current national provision of undergraduate education .
each draws significantly upon previously existing courses and each [tries] to fill a gap in the current national provision of undergraduate education .

Analysis of the cause of these problems indicates that solutions lie in changes in human organization and so no attempts have been made yet to automate the allocation of rooms to classes .
analysis of the cause of these problems indicates that solutions lie in changes in human organization and so no [tries] have been made yet to automate the allocation of rooms to classes .

Both Bicker and Guillamon were pre-occupied and frowning , and Ratagan 's attempts at jokes fell flat .
both bicker and guillamon were pre-occupied and frowning , and ratagan 's [tries] at jokes fell flat .

Although some attempts have been made to use interview schedules ( O'Neill et al .
although some [tries] have been made to use interview schedules ( o'neill et al .

Attempts on the part of the client to interact with other people as well as the nature of other people 's contact to them ( positive , negative , conversation , or assistance ) and each person 's challenging behaviour was also recorded , using individually specified definitions .
[tries] on the part of the client to interact with other people as well as the nature of other people 's contact to them ( positive , negative , conversation , or assistance ) and each person 's challenging behaviour was also recorded , using individually specified definitions .

This focuses attention on the client 's strengths rather than problems , and accentuates attempts to produce client independence and self-determination .
this focuses attention on the client 's strengths rather than problems , and accentuates [tries] to produce client independence and self-determination .

The final chapter , called ‘ Power in Focus ’ , attempts to look at the way the caring professions are continuing to develop .
the final chapter , called ‘ power in focus ’ , [tries] to look at the way the caring professions are continuing to develop .

Furthermore , there were attempts to change the law in specific aspects of these matters in the Single European Act which in some respects have been continued in the Maastricht text .
furthermore , there were [tries] to change the law in specific aspects of these matters in the single european act which in some respects have been continued in the maastricht text .

‘ attempts to introduce material which does not satisfy those tests [ in the rule as formulated ] should be met by orders for costs made against those who have improperly introduced the material . ’
‘ [tries] to introduce material which does not satisfy those tests [ in the rule as formulated ] should be met by orders for costs made against those who have improperly introduced the material . ’

Attempts to insert a statutory definition into the Charities Bill 1960 failed No such attempt was even made in the passage of the Charities Bill 1992 , despite the active participation in debate of Lord Renton and Lord Brightman and Lord Allen of Abbeydale .
[tries] to insert a statutory definition into the charities bill 1960 failed no such attempt was even made in the passage of the charities bill 1992 , despite the active participation in debate of lord renton and lord brightman and lord allen of abbeydale .

Pan Am was getting a bad press — rightly so for its slovenly security at Frankfurt , but wrongly so for its attempts to establish the truth of how the bomb got aboard .
pan am was getting a bad press — rightly so for its slovenly security at frankfurt , but wrongly so for its [tries] to establish the truth of how the bomb got aboard .

There had been attempts and he knew that .
there had been [tries] and he knew that .

And then he swept on with an account of the several attempts to buy the paper , culminating in MacQuillan offering more money and more guarantees about the way it would be run .
and then he swept on with an account of the several [tries] to buy the paper , culminating in macquillan offering more money and more guarantees about the way it would be run .

If anyone else attempts it , it is a delusion , a blasphemy , an incursion into Ixmar 's realm .
if anyone else [tries] it , it is a delusion , a blasphemy , an incursion into ixmar 's realm .

They clearly regarded themselves and their working methods in a different light — witness the frequent attempts to break into the Schudi-Kirckman duopoly in the harpsichords of Faulkner , John Hitchcock and Baker Harris .
they clearly regarded themselves and their working methods in a different light — witness the frequent [tries] to break into the schudi-kirckman duopoly in the harpsichords of faulkner , john hitchcock and baker harris .

Examples of radical reform , proposals for it and attempts to obtain it may be drawn from all parts of the globe .
examples of radical reform , proposals for it and [tries] to obtain it may be drawn from all parts of the globe .

In addition to such steps , in Canada , New South Wales and Michigan , attempts have been made to tackle the non-consent requirement itself .
in addition to such steps , in canada , new south wales and michigan , [tries] have been made to tackle the non-consent requirement itself .

But the fact that the would-be robbers left empty-handed is a powerful deterrent to any future attempts .
but the fact that the would-be robbers left empty-handed is a powerful deterrent to any future [tries] .

On occasions in area offices , residential homes , day centres , as well as in family homes , staff may find themselves faced with aggressive and violent responses to their offers of help or to their attempts to fulfil their statutory or professional responsibilities to intervene .
on occasions in area offices , residential homes , day centres , as well as in family homes , staff may find themselves faced with aggressive and violent responses to their offers of help or to their [tries] to fulfil their statutory or professional responsibilities to intervene .

that there may be circumstances when the need to ensure the safety of employees will result in the abandonment of any attempts to use physical restraint .
that there may be circumstances when the need to ensure the safety of employees will result in the abandonment of any [tries] to use physical restraint .

Half-hearted attempts run the risk of being ineffective and antagonistic to assailants .
half-hearted [tries] run the risk of being ineffective and antagonistic to assailants .

This report attempts to cover the full range of our concerns and convey the strong sense of purpose that , hopefully , infused all our work during 1992 .
this report [tries] to cover the full range of our concerns and convey the strong sense of purpose that , hopefully , infused all our work during 1992 .

We were similarly frustrated by councillors ' attempts in Radnorshire to approve a wind power station at Marcheini , against the advice of their planning officer .
we were similarly frustrated by councillors ' [tries] in radnorshire to approve a wind power station at marcheini , against the advice of their planning officer .

However , attempts to undermine this approach continued to mount with councillors in some rural areas permitting increasing numbers of new houses in the open countryside , while others in urban areas yielded to the temptation to sprawl towns into the countryside , often along the line of major roads .
however , [tries] to undermine this approach continued to mount with councillors in some rural areas permitting increasing numbers of new houses in the open countryside , while others in urban areas yielded to the temptation to sprawl towns into the countryside , often along the line of major roads .

Their first attempts were to win the prisoners ' ‘ Co-operation ’ by bribing them with the offer of better conditions .
their first [tries] were to win the prisoners ' ‘ co-operation ’ by bribing them with the offer of better conditions .

There is anger here about Britain 's attempts to influence the present situation .
there is anger here about britain 's [tries] to influence the present situation .

Initial attempts to disperse the slick are centred on defending the desalination plants .
initial [tries] to disperse the slick are centred on defending the desalination plants .

Declining fish numbers are threatening attempts to reintroduce the bald eagle , which used to breed in large numbers in the area until the 1950s .
declining fish numbers are threatening [tries] to reintroduce the bald eagle , which used to breed in large numbers in the area until the 1950s .

Attempts to bolster the numbers of the endangered rufous hare wallaby in the Australian outback have been set back by domestic cats , which have killed 11 of the rare animals introduced to remote areas after a captive breeding programme .
[tries] to bolster the numbers of the endangered rufous hare wallaby in the australian outback have been set back by domestic cats , which have killed 11 of the rare animals introduced to remote areas after a captive breeding programme .

India 's growth rate has slowed by only 1.15 per cent over the last ten years , despite Indira Ghandi 's attempts to emulate China by offering a free transistor radio for every vasectomy .
india 's growth rate has slowed by only 1.15 per cent over the last ten years , despite indira ghandi 's [tries] to emulate china by offering a free transistor radio for every vasectomy .

But surely such intuitive resemblance must be based on some underlying implicit common themes our difficulty is that when we try to spell these out we arrive at the various problems experienced in our earlier attempts at definition .
but surely such intuitive resemblance must be based on some underlying implicit common themes our difficulty is that when we try to spell these out we arrive at the various problems experienced in our earlier [tries] at definition .

Viewed in this way , attempts to delimit pragmatics in the ways explored above would make little sense ; pragmatics would not be a component or level of linguistic theory but a way of looking afresh at the data and methods of linguistics .
viewed in this way , [tries] to delimit pragmatics in the ways explored above would make little sense ; pragmatics would not be a component or level of linguistic theory but a way of looking afresh at the data and methods of linguistics .

Without such a move , the current attempts to define the notion of logical consequence more or less directly on fragments of natural language ( as initiated by Montague , 1974 ) would make little sense as a general semantic programme .
without such a move , the current [tries] to define the notion of logical consequence more or less directly on fragments of natural language ( as initiated by montague , 1974 ) would make little sense as a general semantic programme .

Malaysia has called on developing countries , particularly those dependent on timber and timber products , to `` be conscious of negative attempts by the developed West `` .
malaysia has called on developing countries , particularly those dependent on timber and timber products , to `` be conscious of negative [tries] by the developed west `` .

Later , a government-backed radio statement singled out alleged attempts by environmentalist to `` frustrate `` the timber industry in Sarawak , and deplored the fact that campaigners who had been arrested for crimes committed in the state were treated as `` heroes and martyrs `` by the environmental movement .
later , a government-backed radio statement singled out alleged [tries] by environmentalist to `` frustrate `` the timber industry in sarawak , and deplored the fact that campaigners who had been arrested for crimes committed in the state were treated as `` heroes and martyrs `` by the environmental movement .

It is rumoured that the project is backed by an international mining consortium and there have been recent reports of attempts to enlist Yanomami from the area for military service .
it is rumoured that the project is backed by an international mining consortium and there have been recent reports of [tries] to enlist yanomami from the area for military service .

Over the last five years , plans for a road linking Spain and France have gone ahead , a ski resort has been built and the environment ministry has been at odds with local politicians over their attempts to implement hunting and traffic in areas thought crucial to the bear 's survival .
over the last five years , plans for a road linking spain and france have gone ahead , a ski resort has been built and the environment ministry has been at odds with local politicians over their [tries] to implement hunting and traffic in areas thought crucial to the bear 's survival .

Attempts are being made to set up a comprehensive `` protection and control network `` for pandas in China 's Sichuan province , according to officials of the Chengdu wildlife protection department .
[tries] are being made to set up a comprehensive `` protection and control network `` for pandas in china 's sichuan province , according to officials of the chengdu wildlife protection department .

It appeared to confirm that the Soviet Union had not indulged in any sustained attempts to downplay the health effects , and went further by concluding that official Soviet measurements of radiation doses received by the populace were between two and three times in excess of the real amount .
it appeared to confirm that the soviet union had not indulged in any sustained [tries] to downplay the health effects , and went further by concluding that official soviet measurements of radiation doses received by the populace were between two and three times in excess of the real amount .

The resolving strategy involved is isomorphic since it attempts to match the experience of reading the text with the reader 's sense of satisfaction and enjoyment .
the resolving strategy involved is isomorphic since it [tries] to match the experience of reading the text with the reader 's sense of satisfaction and enjoyment .

Hippolytus , son of Theseus , was put to death at the instigation of his stepmother , Phaedra , whose attempts at seduction he had virtuously resisted .
hippolytus , son of theseus , was put to death at the instigation of his stepmother , phaedra , whose [tries] at seduction he had virtuously resisted .

But his choice of verse form has condemned him to the weakness which mars all attempts to match the Horatian strophe with the English quatrain — the weakness of expansion .
but his choice of verse form has condemned him to the weakness which mars all [tries] to match the horatian strophe with the english quatrain — the weakness of expansion .

In recent years there have been several judicial attempts to define the scope of the doctrine .
in recent years there have been several judicial [tries] to define the scope of the doctrine .

The Directive made the adoption of this defence optional and , despite strenuous attempts by the consumer lobby to have it rejected , the government included it in the Act .
the directive made the adoption of this defence optional and , despite strenuous [tries] by the consumer lobby to have it rejected , the government included it in the act .

This article attempts to provide some explanations for how readers of the play text or the audience of the dramatic performance are able to recognise character traits , and how these traits are themselves affected by the action of the play .
this article [tries] to provide some explanations for how readers of the play text or the audience of the dramatic performance are able to recognise character traits , and how these traits are themselves affected by the action of the play .

Once booked into his hotel , along with McKendrick and another academic , Chetwyn ( scene two ) , Anderson is approached , in his room , by his former student , Pavel Hollar , who attempts to persuade him to smuggle his politically sensitive thesis out of the country .
once booked into his hotel , along with mckendrick and another academic , chetwyn ( scene two ) , anderson is approached , in his room , by his former student , pavel hollar , who [tries] to persuade him to smuggle his politically sensitive thesis out of the country .

Anderson , confused by the situation , attempts repeatedly to assert himself , but is allowed only to listen to the match on the radio .
anderson , confused by the situation , [tries] repeatedly to assert himself , but is allowed only to listen to the match on the radio .

Anderson attempts to abnegate personal responsibility by assuming the role of tutor , treating his own behaviour as if it were an ethical test case , and invoking more complex philosophical arguments to support his position : His uncertainty , however , undermines his attempt to fob off Hollar with philosophical justifications .
anderson [tries] to abnegate personal responsibility by assuming the role of tutor , treating his own behaviour as if it were an ethical test case , and invoking more complex philosophical arguments to support his position : his uncertainty , however , undermines his attempt to fob off hollar with philosophical justifications .

Similar uncertainty afflicts another of his attempts at persuasion in scene four .
similar uncertainty afflicts another of his [tries] at persuasion in scene four .

Dedicated football fan that he is , Anderson attempts to give advice to Crisp and Broadbent in a long and excited utterance , but this is only a part of the whole picture because his enthusiasm for the topic , implicated by the length of the turn , conflicts with the hesitancy he also displays .
dedicated football fan that he is , anderson [tries] to give advice to crisp and broadbent in a long and excited utterance , but this is only a part of the whole picture because his enthusiasm for the topic , implicated by the length of the turn , conflicts with the hesitancy he also displays .

More significantly , Anderson 's hesitancies undermine his attempts to assert himself in the situation .
more significantly , anderson 's hesitancies undermine his [tries] to assert himself in the situation .

The scene contains the strongest examples of his pomposity as Anderson repeatedly attempts to assert himself .
the scene contains the strongest examples of his pomposity as anderson repeatedly [tries] to assert himself .

It is , though , more overtly apparent when he attempts to limit the damage to the atmosphere of the conversation caused by McKendrick 's accusation of his insincerity when praising Stoke university : Rather than make a straightforward denial , Anderson tries to diffuse the tension with humour by playing on the literal sense of McKendrick 's accusation .
it is , though , more overtly apparent when he [tries] to limit the damage to the atmosphere of the conversation caused by mckendrick 's accusation of his insincerity when praising stoke university : rather than make a straightforward denial , anderson tries to diffuse the tension with humour by playing on the literal sense of mckendrick 's accusation .

In the introduction , Blake skims over various stylistic approaches and attempts to justify his own .
in the introduction , blake skims over various stylistic approaches and [tries] to justify his own .

Attempts by parents to challenge case conference decisions through the courts have not met with much success .
[tries] by parents to challenge case conference decisions through the courts have not met with much success .

The court gave a stern warning against future attempts to scoop it .
the court gave a stern warning against future [tries] to scoop it .

History The history of obscenity provides a rich and comic tapestry on the futility of legal attempts to control sexual imagination .
history the history of obscenity provides a rich and comic tapestry on the futility of legal [tries] to control sexual imagination .

helvetianus has been incriminated in outbreaks of bovine parasitic gastroenteritis , experimental attempts to reproduce the disease have been unsuccessful .
helvetianus has been incriminated in outbreaks of bovine parasitic gastroenteritis , experimental [tries] to reproduce the disease have been unsuccessful .

Attempts have been made to control parasitic bronchitis by grazing systems designed to ensure that young susceptible cattle are not exposed to large numbers of infective larvae .
[tries] have been made to control parasitic bronchitis by grazing systems designed to ensure that young susceptible cattle are not exposed to large numbers of infective larvae .

All attempts to contact Peter failed .
all [tries] to contact peter failed .

He stroked the side of her face with it , amused by her attempts to catch his fingers in her teeth , teasing her with it , darting little touches here and there on her lips .
he stroked the side of her face with it , amused by her [tries] to catch his fingers in her teeth , teasing her with it , darting little touches here and there on her lips .

By 1934 the Labour Party was Preparing for the next election and the delegates at Southport resisted the attempts of the Socialist League to change the programme For Socialism and Peace into a radical appeal for a rapid transformation to socialism .
by 1934 the labour party was preparing for the next election and the delegates at southport resisted the [tries] of the socialist league to change the programme for socialism and peace into a radical appeal for a rapid transformation to socialism .

Ernest Bevin , leader of the new force in the unions , the general workers , resented the attempts of intellectuals like Cripps to elaborate a new Party Policy which ignored decisions taken by the Trades Union Congress .
ernest bevin , leader of the new force in the unions , the general workers , resented the [tries] of intellectuals like cripps to elaborate a new party policy which ignored decisions taken by the trades union congress .

He had become alarmed by the attempts of a group in the Conservative Party to form a New Progressive Group with 100,000 supporters .
he had become alarmed by the [tries] of a group in the conservative party to form a new progressive group with 100,000 supporters .

It appeared that she 'd been right about Harry Martin 's being behind the attempts to intimidate her .
it appeared that she 'd been right about harry martin 's being behind the [tries] to intimidate her .

Her frantic attempts to push away those wide shoulders proved to be of no avail , and there was nothing she could do to prevent his mouth gently brushing her lips .
her frantic [tries] to push away those wide shoulders proved to be of no avail , and there was nothing she could do to prevent his mouth gently brushing her lips .

It must have transmitted itself to the patients , for even they gave up after their initial attempts at jollity , and by mid-morning a definite air of gloom seemed to have settled over the place .
it must have transmitted itself to the patients , for even they gave up after their initial [tries] at jollity , and by mid-morning a definite air of gloom seemed to have settled over the place .

It resisted her attempts to remove it and she asked the patient to wait while she asked the doctor to look at it .
it resisted her [tries] to remove it and she asked the patient to wait while she asked the doctor to look at it .

Of particular interest to the reviewer were the sections of the book depicting the various foreign air arms that flew Mosquitos and the post-war civilian operators of the type , the latter illustrating numerous air racing and speed record attempts made with the Wooden Wonder .
of particular interest to the reviewer were the sections of the book depicting the various foreign air arms that flew mosquitos and the post-war civilian operators of the type , the latter illustrating numerous air racing and speed record [tries] made with the wooden wonder .

Despite her attempts to have him killed , husband George Taylor pleaded with the Judge that his wife be spared a jail sentence .
despite her [tries] to have him killed , husband george taylor pleaded with the judge that his wife be spared a jail sentence .

Some news in brief now — an English High Court judge is this afternoon visiting a farm at the centre of attempts to sue chemicals firm Re-Chem .
some news in brief now — an english high court judge is this afternoon visiting a farm at the centre of [tries] to sue chemicals firm re-chem .

And let 's not forget a few failed attempts at making it in the movies along the way .
and let 's not forget a few failed [tries] at making it in the movies along the way .

In evidence to the Environment Committee two illustrations were given : ‘ attempts by authorities to dispose of surplus school playing fields with the benefit of permission for development ; and competing applications for superstore development when one of the sites is owned by the authority themselves ’ .
in evidence to the environment committee two illustrations were given : ‘ [tries] by authorities to dispose of surplus school playing fields with the benefit of permission for development ; and competing applications for superstore development when one of the sites is owned by the authority themselves ’ .

Indeed , there has been a succession of attempts to ‘ streamline the planning process ’ and to make it more ‘ efficient ’ .
indeed , there has been a succession of [tries] to ‘ streamline the planning process ’ and to make it more ‘ efficient ’ .

This problem of compensation and betterment arises fundamentally ‘ from the existing legal position with regard to the use of land , which attempts largely to preserve , in a highly developed economy , the purely individualistic approach to land ownership ’ .
this problem of compensation and betterment arises fundamentally ‘ from the existing legal position with regard to the use of land , which [tries] largely to preserve , in a highly developed economy , the purely individualistic approach to land ownership ’ .

This cut through the insoluble problem posed in previous attempts to collect betterment values created by public action .
this cut through the insoluble problem posed in previous [tries] to collect betterment values created by public action .

The Environment Committee , however , saw these circulars as being ‘ complementary and interdependent ’ : ‘ the one , the Green Belt circular , attempts to reinforce presumptions against development in certain areas , The other , the Land for Housing circular , attempts to encourage development in remaining areas other than national parks , areas of outstanding natural beauty … ’ Thus the circle is squared !
the environment committee , however , saw these circulars as being ‘ complementary and interdependent ’ : ‘ the one , the green belt circular , [tries] to reinforce presumptions against development in certain areas , the other , the land for housing circular , [tries] to encourage development in remaining areas other than national parks , areas of outstanding natural beauty … ’ thus the circle is squared !

With the growing emphasis on inner city renewal , attempts have been made to explore how far such land can be brought into productive use .
with the growing emphasis on inner city renewal , [tries] have been made to explore how far such land can be brought into productive use .

Understanding of the disorder has progressed in all these directions , and several attempts have been made to combine some of these ideas in an integrative model ( e.g .
understanding of the disorder has progressed in all these directions , and several [tries] have been made to combine some of these ideas in an integrative model ( e.g .

Attempts could then be made to force the person to criticise and change his attributional style .
[tries] could then be made to force the person to criticise and change his attributional style .

Paykel ( 1979 ) pointed out that events are also more common in the lives of schizophrenic patients in the six months before their first admission and in the six months prior to suicide attempts .
paykel ( 1979 ) pointed out that events are also more common in the lives of schizophrenic patients in the six months before their first admission and in the six months prior to suicide [tries] .

The individual is prevented from commenting on the inconsistencies in that if he attempts to do so , he is met by condemnation that increases the confusing bind ( Bateson et al .
the individual is prevented from commenting on the inconsistencies in that if he [tries] to do so , he is met by condemnation that increases the confusing bind ( bateson et al .

The identification of risk and the reasons for high risk may then point the way towards meaningful and constructive attempts to intervene .
the identification of risk and the reasons for high risk may then point the way towards meaningful and constructive [tries] to intervene .

and attempts to evoke ahead of time a vivid anticipation of the experience with its associated feelings of anxiety , tension , depression and deprivation .
and [tries] to evoke ahead of time a vivid anticipation of the experience with its associated feelings of anxiety , tension , depression and deprivation .

This active search for alternatives may include attempts to convert the threat into a challenge that promises growth and achievement ( Lazarus , 1976 ) .
this active search for alternatives may include [tries] to convert the threat into a challenge that promises growth and achievement ( lazarus , 1976 ) .

One can formulate a brief summary , rather than a formal definition , that attempts to encapsulate the description .
one can formulate a brief summary , rather than a formal definition , that [tries] to encapsulate the description .

In the present context they are important for attempts to relate transition to turbulence to transition to chaos , a matter we shall be considering in Section 24.7 .
in the present context they are important for [tries] to relate transition to turbulence to transition to chaos , a matter we shall be considering in section 24.7 .

But attempts to understand particular turbulent flows , as outlined in Chapters 19–21 , have not been significantly modified or aided by the new developments .
but [tries] to understand particular turbulent flows , as outlined in chapters 19–21 , have not been significantly modified or aided by the new developments .

Leeds had two early attempts that had to be well-saved , but from the Guardian and Radio 5 reports Sunderland were well worth their win .
leeds had two early [tries] that had to be well-saved , but from the guardian and radio 5 reports sunderland were well worth their win .

If changes in money supply have a major effect on the economy , and if the government therefore attempts to control the supply of money , it is important to have a clear understanding of ( a ) the purposes of money and ( b ) the definition of money .
if changes in money supply have a major effect on the economy , and if the government therefore [tries] to control the supply of money , it is important to have a clear understanding of ( a ) the purposes of money and ( b ) the definition of money .

It monitors the activity of banks , which are required to submit monthly reports to it , and it attempts to spot any bank that is likely to face difficulties .
it monitors the activity of banks , which are required to submit monthly reports to it , and it [tries] to spot any bank that is likely to face difficulties .

If , however , the Bank of England attempts to maintain an exchange rate below the equilibrium , it must continue to supply extra sterling to meet the shortfall and thus continue to expand the money supply .
if , however , the bank of england [tries] to maintain an exchange rate below the equilibrium , it must continue to supply extra sterling to meet the shortfall and thus continue to expand the money supply .

Banks may resist the attempts at rationing .
banks may resist the [tries] at rationing .

Attempts to Change the name of manchester airport to ‘ manchester united international airport ’ fail , for unknown reasons .
[tries] to change the name of manchester airport to ‘ manchester united international airport ’ fail , for unknown reasons .

On Mon , 17 Jan 1994 wrote : after match phone in on Radio Leeds . Did anybody actually listen to the programme ? ? Perhaps my attempts to undermine the managers credibility are coming to fruition at last : - ) ) )
on mon , 17 jan 1994 wrote : after match phone in on radio leeds . did anybody actually listen to the programme ? ? perhaps my [tries] to undermine the managers credibility are coming to fruition at last : - ) ) )

The female removes pollen from pollen pockets and pollinates up to hundreds of stigmas ; she attempts to oviposit down styles and then dies .
the female removes pollen from pollen pockets and pollinates up to hundreds of stigmas ; she [tries] to oviposit down styles and then dies .

Even the article ‘ Conductor ’ in the New Grove dictionary of opera is , unfortunately , misleading : for all its caution , it attempts to paint the whole period from 1750 to Napoleon , and in doing so unjustifiably reinforces certain impressions we recall from the powerful pens of the Encyclopedists :
even the article ‘ conductor ’ in the new grove dictionary of opera is , unfortunately , misleading : for all its caution , it [tries] to paint the whole period from 1750 to napoleon , and in doing so unjustifiably reinforces certain impressions we recall from the powerful pens of the encyclopedists :

( Attempts by the Arts Council of Great Britain to ensure that a percentage of certain grants are spent on ‘ ethnic ’ projects have produced little result in this field . )
( [tries] by the arts council of great britain to ensure that a percentage of certain grants are spent on ‘ ethnic ’ projects have produced little result in this field . )

He 'd cut short her agonised attempts to blurt out her problems .
he 'd cut short her agonised [tries] to blurt out her problems .

His eyes were on her , but Shelley was n't ready for any attempts at reconciliation .
his eyes were on her , but shelley was n't ready for any [tries] at reconciliation .

Penry made several attempts to break it , but gave up at last , his face like thunder as he drove at a speed which frightened Leonora to death .
penry made several [tries] to break it , but gave up at last , his face like thunder as he drove at a speed which frightened leonora to death .

David came and stood at her shoulder , smiling at her attempts to convince Mrs Toye .
david came and stood at her shoulder , smiling at her [tries] to convince mrs toye .

Despite desperate attempts to revive her , the trace remained stubbornly flat , until in the end they had to give up .
despite desperate [tries] to revive her , the trace remained stubbornly flat , until in the end they had to give up .

True , they did n't show the filming of their frantic attempts to resuscitate the desperately injured girl , but they did show Kathleen emerging from Resus. , tears in her eyes , telling the cameraman to get out of her way , and then they showed a brief interview with Jack where they discussed the case in scant outline , and also her reaction to the death .
true , they did n't show the filming of their frantic [tries] to resuscitate the desperately injured girl , but they did show kathleen emerging from resus. , tears in her eyes , telling the cameraman to get out of her way , and then they showed a brief interview with jack where they discussed the case in scant outline , and also her reaction to the death .

As void and null as her feeble attempts to find out what he did n't want to tell her the night of the paella .
as void and null as her feeble [tries] to find out what he did n't want to tell her the night of the paella .

Over iced tea and sandwiches , she 'd mentioned her useless attempts to gain last-minute admittance at design school .
over iced tea and sandwiches , she 'd mentioned her useless [tries] to gain last-minute admittance at design school .

While she , Paige , had to duck and dive , in fruitless attempts to shake a limpet-like pursuit in order to keep up the chase .
while she , paige , had to duck and dive , in fruitless [tries] to shake a limpet-like pursuit in order to keep up the chase .

She 'd had plenty of boyfriends , but none of them serious , and none had made her react in quite such a way , despite their determined attempts to arouse her .
she 'd had plenty of boyfriends , but none of them serious , and none had made her react in quite such a way , despite their determined [tries] to arouse her .

As he made furious attempts to shake them off , a sheet of orange abruptly whooshed and enveloped the car .
as he made furious [tries] to shake them off , a sheet of orange abruptly whooshed and enveloped the car .

Serious scientific attempts to explain the major structural and relief features of the Earth began only in the nineteenth century .
serious scientific [tries] to explain the major structural and relief features of the earth began only in the nineteenth century .

Since this simple model was unable to explain the kind of uplift observed along rifted margins there were immediate attempts to modify it .
since this simple model was unable to explain the kind of uplift observed along rifted margins there were immediate [tries] to modify it .

Various attempts have been made to categorize types of volcanic activity on the basis of the nature of the material erupted , and the violence of eruptive events .
various [tries] have been made to categorize types of volcanic activity on the basis of the nature of the material erupted , and the violence of eruptive events .

Indeed attempts have been made to produce world maps indicating the distribution of different weathering products ( Fig .
indeed [tries] have been made to produce world maps indicating the distribution of different weathering products ( fig .

The title of the volume attempts on the one hand to avoid the major archival issue of what constitutes a record , and on the other to broaden the issue of debate from electronic records to include digital information resources generally .
the title of the volume [tries] on the one hand to avoid the major archival issue of what constitutes a record , and on the other to broaden the issue of debate from electronic records to include digital information resources generally .

This article attempts to locate software as an artefact in the material culture of museums and explores some of our preconceptions and expectations for a software preservation programme .
this article [tries] to locate software as an artefact in the material culture of museums and explores some of our preconceptions and expectations for a software preservation programme .

This Convention attempts to harmonise data protection legislation among the signatory states to remove the need for restrictions on the free flow of data between states on the grounds that personal data is not protected .
this convention [tries] to harmonise data protection legislation among the signatory states to remove the need for restrictions on the free flow of data between states on the grounds that personal data is not protected .

At the same time we find the first attempts to develop certain overseas areas as specialist producers of such exports to the ‘ developed ’ world — indigo and jute in Bengal , tobacco in Colombia , coffee in Brazil and Venezuela , not to mention cotton in Egypt , etc .
at the same time we find the first [tries] to develop certain overseas areas as specialist producers of such exports to the ‘ developed ’ world — indigo and jute in bengal , tobacco in colombia , coffee in brazil and venezuela , not to mention cotton in egypt , etc .

Such matters resisted even the intense interest of the bourgeois world in ‘ moral statistics ’ , as a late-nineteenth-century reference book sadly admitted , dismissing all the attempts to measure the extent of prostitution as failures .
such matters resisted even the intense interest of the bourgeois world in ‘ moral statistics ’ , as a late-nineteenth-century reference book sadly admitted , dismissing all the [tries] to measure the extent of prostitution as failures .

But the mid-nineteenth-century bourgeoisie was divided on the nature of that inferiority of the lower classes about which there was no substantial disagreement , though attempts had to be made to distinguish , within the subaltern mass , between those who might be expected to rise into , at least , the respectable lower middle class and those who were beyond redemption .
but the mid-nineteenth-century bourgeoisie was divided on the nature of that inferiority of the lower classes about which there was no substantial disagreement , though [tries] had to be made to distinguish , within the subaltern mass , between those who might be expected to rise into , at least , the respectable lower middle class and those who were beyond redemption .

Various attempts to reclassify the chemical elements according to valency and atomic weight were therefore made .
various [tries] to reclassify the chemical elements according to valency and atomic weight were therefore made .

As might be expected , policy rules of quite formidable complexity have been developed in the rational expectations literature , the best known of these being that proposed by Barro ( 1977 ) in which he attempts to model the process by which the growth in the money supply is determined and , on the basis of the prediction of what the money supply should have been given known values for its determining variables , to derive a time series for ‘ anticipated ’ changes in the money supply .
as might be expected , policy rules of quite formidable complexity have been developed in the rational expectations literature , the best known of these being that proposed by barro ( 1977 ) in which he [tries] to model the process by which the growth in the money supply is determined and , on the basis of the prediction of what the money supply should have been given known values for its determining variables , to derive a time series for ‘ anticipated ’ changes in the money supply .

The central bank should abandon attempts to use the money supply to peg interest rates and exchange rates since , if left alone , these rates will ‘ naturally ’ settle down to their equilibrium values ( see Friedman ( 1968 ) for a powerfully expressed plea for central banks to desist from trying to peg interest rates ) .
the central bank should abandon [tries] to use the money supply to peg interest rates and exchange rates since , if left alone , these rates will ‘ naturally ’ settle down to their equilibrium values ( see friedman ( 1968 ) for a powerfully expressed plea for central banks to desist from trying to peg interest rates ) .

All attempts at providing such a measure have proved to be abortive .
all [tries] at providing such a measure have proved to be abortive .

The negotiation of the contractual terms of such relationships is all too often regarded as a contest in which the supplier attempts to exclude the maximum possible liability to the customer , and the customer to impose the maximum possible liability on the supplier ; the only rules are those imposed by the Unfair Contract Terms Act , and the contest is finally decided by the relative bargaining power of the two parties .
the negotiation of the contractual terms of such relationships is all too often regarded as a contest in which the supplier [tries] to exclude the maximum possible liability to the customer , and the customer to impose the maximum possible liability on the supplier ; the only rules are those imposed by the unfair contract terms act , and the contest is finally decided by the relative bargaining power of the two parties .

Chapter 4 sets out , by way of contrast , an approach to the allocation of risk and reward between the parties , based on a compromise which attempts to satisfy the reasonable aspirations of both parties .
chapter 4 sets out , by way of contrast , an approach to the allocation of risk and reward between the parties , based on a compromise which [tries] to satisfy the reasonable aspirations of both parties .

First of all it is necessary to decide the type of party whose attempts to exclude liability are regulated by the section .
first of all it is necessary to decide the type of party whose [tries] to exclude liability are regulated by the section .

The question of constructive knowledge is dealt with in part by asking whether or not , in the circumstances of the particular case , the ticket was the sort of document on which one would reasonably expect to find legally binding terms and conditions , and in part by asking whether or not the party issuing the ticket made reasonable attempts to bring the existence of the conditions to the notice of the other party .
the question of constructive knowledge is dealt with in part by asking whether or not , in the circumstances of the particular case , the ticket was the sort of document on which one would reasonably expect to find legally binding terms and conditions , and in part by asking whether or not the party issuing the ticket made reasonable [tries] to bring the existence of the conditions to the notice of the other party .

The buyer naturally has the opposite concern and , in the absence of a formal back to back contract , when one is dealing with standard conditions of purchase the best that can be accomplished is to incorporate a provision like cl 1.3 of Precedent 2 , which notifies the seller of the possibility of prime contracts , and attempts to impose their terms upon the seller , coupled with an opportunity for the seller to examine them and a warning that they will apply , even if not examined .
the buyer naturally has the opposite concern and , in the absence of a formal back to back contract , when one is dealing with standard conditions of purchase the best that can be accomplished is to incorporate a provision like cl 1.3 of precedent 2 , which notifies the seller of the possibility of prime contracts , and [tries] to impose their terms upon the seller , coupled with an opportunity for the seller to examine them and a warning that they will apply , even if not examined .

Where there are third parties who need to be involved in resolving a dispute , expert determination will run into the same problems as multi-party disputes when attempts are made to submit them all to arbitration together : see Mustill and Boyd , pp143-4 .
where there are third parties who need to be involved in resolving a dispute , expert determination will run into the same problems as multi-party disputes when [tries] are made to submit them all to arbitration together : see mustill and boyd , pp143-4 .

This means that express terms are interpreted according to what are known as the `` rules of construction `` applied to contracts , and these contractual rules apply when attempts are made to imply terms which are needed to make sense of a contract .
this means that express terms are interpreted according to what are known as the `` rules of construction `` applied to contracts , and these contractual rules apply when [tries] are made to imply terms which are needed to make sense of a contract .

10.7 Attempts to prevent appointments
10.7 [tries] to prevent appointments

13.4.2 Early attempts at a solution
13.4.2 early [tries] at a solution

If the landlord attempts to take counter measures ( eg by erecting lockable posts in some spaces and issuing keys to some of the tenants and not others ) he may face an action for interfering with the other tenants ' easements .
if the landlord [tries] to take counter measures ( eg by erecting lockable posts in some spaces and issuing keys to some of the tenants and not others ) he may face an action for interfering with the other tenants ' easements .

If the vendor attempts to avoid a balancing charge in respect of an industrial building by granting a long lease at a premium out of the " relevant interest " which he owns , Newco will not be entitled to industrial buildings allowances on the premium ( see s20 Capital Allowances Act 1990 ) .
if the vendor [tries] to avoid a balancing charge in respect of an industrial building by granting a long lease at a premium out of the " relevant interest " which he owns , newco will not be entitled to industrial buildings allowances on the premium ( see s20 capital allowances act 1990 ) .

In the opening speech , the Malaysian Prime Minister , Mahathir Mohamad , made a strongly worded attack on the rich industrialized countries ' attempts to force developing countries to compromise their economic development and foot much of the bill for environmental protection measures .
in the opening speech , the malaysian prime minister , mahathir mohamad , made a strongly worded attack on the rich industrialized countries ' [tries] to force developing countries to compromise their economic development and foot much of the bill for environmental protection measures .

The crested ibis faces certain extinction in Japan after attempts to breed from the sole remaining pair have failed .
the crested ibis faces certain extinction in japan after [tries] to breed from the sole remaining pair have failed .

Although there is a lack of reliable data on acute pesticide poisoning , the committee said that it was clear that approximately two thirds of all poisonings were suicide attempts and that a quarter were accidental .
although there is a lack of reliable data on acute pesticide poisoning , the committee said that it was clear that approximately two thirds of all poisonings were suicide [tries] and that a quarter were accidental .

Attempts by the Iraqi government of President Saddam Hussein to destroy the way of life of the Ma'dan or Marsh Arabs will also obliterate the largest wetland ecosystem in the Middle East , according to western observers .
[tries] by the iraqi government of president saddam hussein to destroy the way of life of the ma'dan or marsh arabs will also obliterate the largest wetland ecosystem in the middle east , according to western observers .

If the bat 's brain hears an echo from another bat 's cry , and attempts to incorporate it into the picture of the world that it has previously built up , it will make no sense .
if the bat 's brain hears an echo from another bat 's cry , and [tries] to incorporate it into the picture of the world that it has previously built up , it will make no sense .

This paper will examine these as an indicator of some of the issues that may predominate in union attempts to deal with the complex problems of technological change at work .
this paper will examine these as an indicator of some of the issues that may predominate in union [tries] to deal with the complex problems of technological change at work .

The design of the Panopticon represents Bentham 's contribution to contemporary attempts to assure the quality of time used .
the design of the panopticon represents bentham 's contribution to contemporary [tries] to assure the quality of time used .

In a recent book ( Rothman et al , 1980 ) we defined biotechnology as `` the catchword for the new forms of chemical engineering concerned with the industrial utilisation of cellular , microbial and enzyme processes ( in particular those attempts to develop artificial or genetic engineering processes ) .
in a recent book ( rothman et al , 1980 ) we defined biotechnology as `` the catchword for the new forms of chemical engineering concerned with the industrial utilisation of cellular , microbial and enzyme processes ( in particular those [tries] to develop artificial or genetic engineering processes ) .

In terms of knowledge of design then , knowledge which merely describes , attempts to objectify or to naturalise this kind of practice does so in asocial terms .
in terms of knowledge of design then , knowledge which merely describes , [tries] to objectify or to naturalise this kind of practice does so in asocial terms .

In the light of these aims , this article attempts to cater for the interests of two types of mutually compatible readership .
in the light of these aims , this article [tries] to cater for the interests of two types of mutually compatible readership .

The Romans left fewer substantial marks on what they called Caledonia than they did on southern Britain , largely because so many of their attempts to establish regional centres collapsed when they were recalled to deal with unrest in southern Britain , or even back to Continental Europe and to Rome itself .
the romans left fewer substantial marks on what they called caledonia than they did on southern britain , largely because so many of their [tries] to establish regional centres collapsed when they were recalled to deal with unrest in southern britain , or even back to continental europe and to rome itself .

Malcolm was followed by his red-haired brother William ‘ the Lion ’ ( from the beast on his standard as much as from his personal courage ) , instigator of the first of so many attempts over the centuries to form a binding union with France against the English .
malcolm was followed by his red-haired brother william ‘ the lion ’ ( from the beast on his standard as much as from his personal courage ) , instigator of the first of so many [tries] over the centuries to form a binding union with france against the english .

Robert himself disappeared , and it seemed that Scottish attempts at independence had yet again been humbled .
robert himself disappeared , and it seemed that scottish [tries] at independence had yet again been humbled .

The cave in which , close to despair , he is said to have won fresh heart after seeing a spider succeed in securing a thread of its web after several failed attempts , is claimed by several localities .
the cave in which , close to despair , he is said to have won fresh heart after seeing a spider succeed in securing a thread of its web after several failed [tries] , is claimed by several localities .

During his reign , despite constant intrigue and the treacherous attempts of the Douglases and others to do shabby deals with England , living standards had notably improved .
during his reign , despite constant intrigue and the treacherous [tries] of the douglases and others to do shabby deals with england , living standards had notably improved .

One participant argued that the church was a willing agent for the Northern Ireland Office in its attempts to marginalise Sinn Féin in the area .
one participant argued that the church was a willing agent for the northern ireland office in its [tries] to marginalise sinn féin in the area .

People articulated the need for local community attempts to make government and other agencies concerned with economic issues accountable .
people articulated the need for local community [tries] to make government and other agencies concerned with economic issues accountable .

Pendine Sands stretch to some 8 miles and are world famous for past attempts at land speed records by Sir Malcolm Campbell and others .
pendine sands stretch to some 8 miles and are world famous for past [tries] at land speed records by sir malcolm campbell and others .

Finding that neither firm was interested , and that further attempts to get the idea taken up had failed , Escoffier dropped the matter until after he had taken charge of the Savoy Hotel kitchens .
finding that neither firm was interested , and that further [tries] to get the idea taken up had failed , escoffier dropped the matter until after he had taken charge of the savoy hotel kitchens .

The earliest attempts were made in Canada around the turn of the century , using locally caught mink to get the breeding colony started .
the earliest [tries] were made in canada around the turn of the century , using locally caught mink to get the breeding colony started .

Early attempts to eradicate mink failed , despite a reward on its tail , but the relaxation of bounty-hunting does not mean an end to suspicion and enmity .
early [tries] to eradicate mink failed , despite a reward on its tail , but the relaxation of bounty-hunting does not mean an end to suspicion and enmity .

Israel 's history must be read as the long story of her attempts to fulfil her responsibilities — with some successes , but with many conspicuous failures .
israel 's history must be read as the long story of her [tries] to fulfil her responsibilities — with some successes , but with many conspicuous failures .

The battle of the gods in the Babylonian Genesis has no Old Testament equivalent , despite attempts by many scholars to discover underlying references to it in the text of Genesis 1:2 and other passages which speak of God 's power over the waters .
the battle of the gods in the babylonian genesis has no old testament equivalent , despite [tries] by many scholars to discover underlying references to it in the text of genesis 1:2 and other passages which speak of god 's power over the waters .

Tradition criticism attempts to trace the development of a biblical story or tradition from the time it was first told to the time it was written down .
tradition criticism [tries] to trace the development of a biblical story or tradition from the time it was first told to the time it was written down .

For this reason , various attempts have been made to reduce the numbers .
for this reason , various [tries] have been made to reduce the numbers .

Understanding a teacher 's explanations , and also being able to have one 's own attempts at explanation evaluated and discussed , are crucial processes in education .
understanding a teacher 's explanations , and also being able to have one 's own [tries] at explanation evaluated and discussed , are crucial processes in education .

According to Smith and Goodman , the reason is that systematic attempts to teach reading have interfered with the natural processes of language learning , processes already well developed during the acquisition of speech .
according to smith and goodman , the reason is that systematic [tries] to teach reading have interfered with the natural processes of language learning , processes already well developed during the acquisition of speech .

For many , including myself , this meant looking at children 's early attempts at reading in the context of what was known about the strength of their urge to find meaning , about their acquisition of grammar and syntax , and about their language awareness .
for many , including myself , this meant looking at children 's early [tries] at reading in the context of what was known about the strength of their urge to find meaning , about their acquisition of grammar and syntax , and about their language awareness .

It is true , as we have seen , that some attempts to teach reading have been unfortunate in having no psycholinguistic roots .
it is true , as we have seen , that some [tries] to teach reading have been unfortunate in having no psycholinguistic roots .

This was the general , and rather bleak , attitude behind his specific attempts to reach a formula for what was in effect a new Christian activism .
this was the general , and rather bleak , attitude behind his specific [tries] to reach a formula for what was in effect a new christian activism .

In spite of his attempts to concentrate as much work as possible into his days in London , he still found he had to take a great deal of it back to Shamley Green .
in spite of his [tries] to concentrate as much work as possible into his days in london , he still found he had to take a great deal of it back to shamley green .

As a result , any attempt to explicate the theme of the sequence is bound to run into peculiar difficulties , although there have been various attempts to interpret it in Christian , symbolist or political terms .
as a result , any attempt to explicate the theme of the sequence is bound to run into peculiar difficulties , although there have been various [tries] to interpret it in christian , symbolist or political terms .

One phrase was repeated as a joke , `` The Blessed Thomas Eliot Considered as the Air We Breathe `` ; in the Fifties and Sixties there would be many attempts to dispel that air and to `` place `` Eliot as some great , dim figure from the past .
one phrase was repeated as a joke , `` the blessed thomas eliot considered as the air we breathe `` ; in the fifties and sixties there would be many [tries] to dispel that air and to `` place `` eliot as some great , dim figure from the past .

There have been other attempts to imply that he had homosexual tendencies .
there have been other [tries] to imply that he had homosexual tendencies .

None of these nations attempts major efforts across all of the electronic and communications fields .
none of these nations [tries] major efforts across all of the electronic and communications fields .

Then , during late March and April , they made rather half-hearted and dilatory attempts to get agreement on this basis .
then , during late march and april , they made rather half-hearted and dilatory [tries] to get agreement on this basis .

Attempts at changing their washing powder have also proved fruitless .
[tries] at changing their washing powder have also proved fruitless .

On the matter of the notorious and failed rescue attempts certainly so ; and the events of the day , 28 March 1979 , on which the article appeared add point to the conclusion , That day , the Labour Government led by Mr James Callaghan was defeated by one vote .
on the matter of the notorious and failed rescue [tries] certainly so ; and the events of the day , 28 march 1979 , on which the article appeared add point to the conclusion , that day , the labour government led by mr james callaghan was defeated by one vote .

Rather , it is that the active exploitation by trade unions of their monopoly requires a higher rate of unemployment than any acceptable notion of full employment will admit ; and hence , that attempts by the Government to create employment by stimulating the economy will not only be inflationary but will fail .
rather , it is that the active exploitation by trade unions of their monopoly requires a higher rate of unemployment than any acceptable notion of full employment will admit ; and hence , that [tries] by the government to create employment by stimulating the economy will not only be inflationary but will fail .

There have been limited attempts to address the problem of third parties , for example by the International Law Commission and the International Court of Justice .
there have been limited [tries] to address the problem of third parties , for example by the international law commission and the international court of justice .

While these authorities restated the general rule attention was focused upon attempts to formulate and analyse the exceptions , especially where rights were accepted as having been bestowed upon a third party .
while these authorities restated the general rule attention was focused upon [tries] to formulate and analyse the exceptions , especially where rights were accepted as having been bestowed upon a third party .

The position could arise whereby the United States attempts to ensure one of the parties ' access through these waterways as against a non-party to the Peace Treaty .
the position could arise whereby the united states [tries] to ensure one of the parties ' access through these waterways as against a non-party to the peace treaty .

The President needed room to manoeuvre in negotiated attempts to resolve the crisis .
the president needed room to manoeuvre in negotiated [tries] to resolve the crisis .

They affected to despise her , but they did not find their contempt a strain , whereas the other really bad disciplinarian in the school , a Geography mistress , one Miss Riley , inflicted on them an intolerable suffering , for they felt themselves compelled to torment her , and she would sit before them , thin and pretty and anguished , making vain attempts to restore order , miserably transparent in her misery , and unable to conceal the depths of her humiliation — depths which frightened them , but which they could not leave unplumbed .
they affected to despise her , but they did not find their contempt a strain , whereas the other really bad disciplinarian in the school , a geography mistress , one miss riley , inflicted on them an intolerable suffering , for they felt themselves compelled to torment her , and she would sit before them , thin and pretty and anguished , making vain [tries] to restore order , miserably transparent in her misery , and unable to conceal the depths of her humiliation — depths which frightened them , but which they could not leave unplumbed .

Although only sixteen , she was not much shocked by his attempts , but she was alarmed by her own lack of response , for she did not fancy him nearly as much as she had fancied the infinitely tedious Higginbotham .
although only sixteen , she was not much shocked by his [tries] , but she was alarmed by her own lack of response , for she did not fancy him nearly as much as she had fancied the infinitely tedious higginbotham .

She sat there in silence , and resentment made her cheeks hot : she resented the wasted hours of battle with her own desires , she resented her failed and needless attempts at empire , she was filled with hatred at the thought of lost anticipations .
she sat there in silence , and resentment made her cheeks hot : she resented the wasted hours of battle with her own desires , she resented her failed and needless [tries] at empire , she was filled with hatred at the thought of lost anticipations .

She made no attempts to decorate it , to domesticate it , to possess it ; she let it be , and her things lay in it .
she made no [tries] to decorate it , to domesticate it , to possess it ; she let it be , and her things lay in it .

Although it may have also been one of the last , desperate attempts to keep the road open to a negotiated settlement , Ho was being accused by the French , who compared the diplomatic assurances in Paris with continuing violence in Vietnam , of duplicity ; and , ominously , by the intransigents in Hanoi , of treachery .
although it may have also been one of the last , desperate [tries] to keep the road open to a negotiated settlement , ho was being accused by the french , who compared the diplomatic assurances in paris with continuing violence in vietnam , of duplicity ; and , ominously , by the intransigents in hanoi , of treachery .

More important one should realize that attempts at accommodation between the two new Republics , French and Vietnamese , were taking place not between two sovereign states but between two political forces in the same country , each in the throes of revolution , each unwilling to concede sovereignty to the other .
more important one should realize that [tries] at accommodation between the two new republics , french and vietnamese , were taking place not between two sovereign states but between two political forces in the same country , each in the throes of revolution , each unwilling to concede sovereignty to the other .

To those who have enslaved our Nation — the Capitalists and the Marxists — the very ideals of Motherland , Folk and Honour are but ‘ myths ’ to be annihilated in their attempts to construct a deadening , soulless and hideous concrete world .
to those who have enslaved our nation — the capitalists and the marxists — the very ideals of motherland , folk and honour are but ‘ myths ’ to be annihilated in their [tries] to construct a deadening , soulless and hideous concrete world .

Attempts to protect the American economy by raising tariff rates , as in the Hawley-Smoot tariff of 1930 , led only to retaliation by other countries against American goods .
[tries] to protect the american economy by raising tariff rates , as in the hawley-smoot tariff of 1930 , led only to retaliation by other countries against american goods .

Attempts to control inflation , through the Office of Price Administration , and to prevent profiteering , through Harry Truman 's special Senate Committee , were not totally successful .
[tries] to control inflation , through the office of price administration , and to prevent profiteering , through harry truman 's special senate committee , were not totally successful .

Drastic changes of policy would have been very difficult , as attempts to cut Federal spending and to balance the budget revealed .
drastic changes of policy would have been very difficult , as [tries] to cut federal spending and to balance the budget revealed .

Similar attempts to end discrimination in jobs and housing also created new stresses between the races .
similar [tries] to end discrimination in jobs and housing also created new stresses between the races .

Like many semitechnical terms , it has suffered from overdefinition , and the history of literary and linguistic thought is littered with unsuccessful attempts to attach a precise meaning to it .
like many semitechnical terms , it has suffered from overdefinition , and the history of literary and linguistic thought is littered with unsuccessful [tries] to attach a precise meaning to it .

All too often these attempts have resulted in an impoverishment of the subject .
all too often these [tries] have resulted in an impoverishment of the subject .

As Keith Evans rightly reminded us , some attempts to stimulate and support resource-based learning resulted in `` magnificently equipped Resource Centres with highly trained stall , from which teachers retreat , their confidence undermined ! ``
as keith evans rightly reminded us , some [tries] to stimulate and support resource-based learning resulted in `` magnificently equipped resource centres with highly trained stall , from which teachers retreat , their confidence undermined ! ``

The discipline of information science , which attempts to study all the ways in which human beings communicate information with each other and the many facilities which make it easier to perform , is in its earliest formative years , and it will be a long time before we can be sure either that the science of information is a true discipline or that it can deliver its present optimistic promises .
the discipline of information science , which [tries] to study all the ways in which human beings communicate information with each other and the many facilities which make it easier to perform , is in its earliest formative years , and it will be a long time before we can be sure either that the science of information is a true discipline or that it can deliver its present optimistic promises .

His control is hardly visible because he rarely attempts to control his team 's methods of achieving their goals , trusting them to work within legal , financial and social constraints .
his control is hardly visible because he rarely [tries] to control his team 's methods of achieving their goals , trusting them to work within legal , financial and social constraints .

It leads to automatic defensiveness , a syndrome by which the unions are always wrong , the customers — despite your attempts to appease them — are unreasonable and the people `` up there `` do n't understand .
it leads to automatic defensiveness , a syndrome by which the unions are always wrong , the customers — despite your [tries] to appease them — are unreasonable and the people `` up there `` do n't understand .

Even when commenting on the poor service in the hotel he genuinely attempts to offer sound advice .
even when commenting on the poor service in the hotel he genuinely [tries] to offer sound advice .

As soon as a board attempts to interfere with management tasks it 's a fair bet that profits will decline .
as soon as a board [tries] to interfere with management tasks it 's a fair bet that profits will decline .

The misleading of the Commons by ministers , the deliberate absence from Britain of the Master of Elibank ( so that he could not be questioned ) , and the evasions of the Prime Minister all created the suspicion that something was wrong and Unionists were perfectly justified in their attempts to find out what it was .
the misleading of the commons by ministers , the deliberate absence from britain of the master of elibank ( so that he could not be questioned ) , and the evasions of the prime minister all created the suspicion that something was wrong and unionists were perfectly justified in their [tries] to find out what it was .

This tension led on to attempts to fuse the government parties in 1920 , to the failure of almost every government policy , and to complete deadlock by 1921 .
this tension led on to [tries] to fuse the government parties in 1920 , to the failure of almost every government policy , and to complete deadlock by 1921 .

As the marble attempts to surmount the obstacle it looses speed .
as the marble [tries] to surmount the obstacle it looses speed .

After this encounter Einstein gave up his specific attempts to undermine the uncertainty principle .
after this encounter einstein gave up his specific [tries] to undermine the uncertainty principle .

Indeed , the whole period is marked by a series of attempts to define what specific kinds of leadership qualities would be needed to maintain the overseas empire as well as ensuring secure government at home .
indeed , the whole period is marked by a series of [tries] to define what specific kinds of leadership qualities would be needed to maintain the overseas empire as well as ensuring secure government at home .

It involved spasmodic attempts at boosting advanced teaching and research in science and other fields of `` modern `` study , especially as applied to industrial organization and technological development .
it involved spasmodic [tries] at boosting advanced teaching and research in science and other fields of `` modern `` study , especially as applied to industrial organization and technological development .

Variants of social Darwinism were used to authorize British competition with other nations , attempts at racial perfectibility , and preferred notions of essential human subjectivity .
variants of social darwinism were used to authorize british competition with other nations , [tries] at racial perfectibility , and preferred notions of essential human subjectivity .

Not only does the Report address this group , it attempts to consolidate conditions for their functioning as national intellectuals , and to enhance their sense of identity .
not only does the report address this group , it [tries] to consolidate conditions for their functioning as national intellectuals , and to enhance their sense of identity .

There are a number of attempts to `` estimate more surely the intrinsic value of the work `` by finding the means to capture its `` spirit and mood `` .
there are a number of [tries] to `` estimate more surely the intrinsic value of the work `` by finding the means to capture its `` spirit and mood `` .

Within the review sections attempts began to be made to develop a discourse that was at once professionally autonomous and modernizing , critical as well as scholarly .
within the review sections [tries] began to be made to develop a discourse that was at once professionally autonomous and modernizing , critical as well as scholarly .

Despite many attempts to establish acceptable modes of mutually intelligible professional literary language , such efforts had been undercut by increasing specialization and an at times impenetrable scholarly discourse .
despite many [tries] to establish acceptable modes of mutually intelligible professional literary language , such efforts had been undercut by increasing specialization and an at times impenetrable scholarly discourse .

In general , then , the pressures for vocational relevance , together with attempts to transform English studies into an antidote to contemporary cultural debasement and conformity , helped to accredit the Leavisian critical approach .
in general , then , the pressures for vocational relevance , together with [tries] to transform english studies into an antidote to contemporary cultural debasement and conformity , helped to accredit the leavisian critical approach .

Culture `` provided a powerful countervailing force to those by now discredited attempts from the left during the 1930s to introduce `` class as a category bearing on literature.a Liberty and individual freedom could now be defined in cultural rather than social or political terms as the free play of the human critical and evaluative impulse .
culture `` provided a powerful countervailing force to those by now discredited [tries] from the left during the 1930s to introduce `` class as a category bearing on literature.a liberty and individual freedom could now be defined in cultural rather than social or political terms as the free play of the human critical and evaluative impulse .

Gardner deplores all attempts to train sensibility and taste or to inculcate critical standards and moral attitudes , and calls for a return to the pre-war emphasis on producing `` widely , intelligently and deeply-read scholars `` .
gardner deplores all [tries] to train sensibility and taste or to inculcate critical standards and moral attitudes , and calls for a return to the pre-war emphasis on producing `` widely , intelligently and deeply-read scholars `` .

In the light of such attacks a number of attempts were made to resolve the problems posed for English , and liberal arts in general , by the need to demonstrate convincingly the social value of a humane education in a liberal democracy .
in the light of such attacks a number of [tries] were made to resolve the problems posed for english , and liberal arts in general , by the need to demonstrate convincingly the social value of a humane education in a liberal democracy .

This is evident from the attempts during the late 1950s and early 1960s to construct a generalist discourse which would encompass both the `` historical `` and `` new critical `` tendencies within English studies .
this is evident from the [tries] during the late 1950s and early 1960s to construct a generalist discourse which would encompass both the `` historical `` and `` new critical `` tendencies within english studies .

It may be that a discourse like Bateson 's which attempts to forge linkages between English studies and democratic processes was an unlikely candidate for acceptance within what has been described ( by a university teacher active at this time ) as the `` foppish , aristocratic atmosphere of the English university of the 1950s .
it may be that a discourse like bateson 's which [tries] to forge linkages between english studies and democratic processes was an unlikely candidate for acceptance within what has been described ( by a university teacher active at this time ) as the `` foppish , aristocratic atmosphere of the english university of the 1950s .

Later he attempts to move beyond `` purely literary values `` towards more `` organic `` studies which `` begin in close cultural reading [ of literary texts ] and can lead out , ion with other disciplines , into better cultural analysis . ``
later he [tries] to move beyond `` purely literary values `` towards more `` organic `` studies which `` begin in close cultural reading [ of literary texts ] and can lead out , ion with other disciplines , into better cultural analysis . ``

Perhaps one reason for the paucity of attempts to offer a direct critique of the `` aims of English `` , is the tendency within the discipline to avoid overt and detailed manifestos or statements of aims and objects upon which such critiques might be based .
perhaps one reason for the paucity of [tries] to offer a direct critique of the `` aims of english `` , is the tendency within the discipline to avoid overt and detailed manifestos or statements of aims and objects upon which such critiques might be based .

Unless serious attempts are made , the region and Christian witness in it are heading towards catastrophe .
unless serious [tries] are made , the region and christian witness in it are heading towards catastrophe .

Programmes from Poland , Hungary , Croatia , Estonia , Czechoslovakia and the former East Germany reflected the first attempts after decades of oppression to present an uncensored picture of religious life in those countries .
programmes from poland , hungary , croatia , estonia , czechoslovakia and the former east germany reflected the first [tries] after decades of oppression to present an uncensored picture of religious life in those countries .

‘ These clumsy attempts to muzzle the media reveal the lack of credibility that undermines our entire political system , ’ Mr Brunner added .
‘ these clumsy [tries] to muzzle the media reveal the lack of credibility that undermines our entire political system , ’ mr brunner added .

Despite attempts by the government to control the media , Venezuela 's population maintained communication using posters , leaflets , telephones and loudspeakers .
despite [tries] by the government to control the media , venezuela 's population maintained communication using posters , leaflets , telephones and loudspeakers .

Practice — In practice mode the opposition stays in its own half and makes feeble attempts at winning the ball — just like playing Birmingham City !
practice — in practice mode the opposition stays in its own half and makes feeble [tries] at winning the ball — just like playing birmingham city !

You ca n't turn the plane to any degree , you ca n't chase an enemy Afterburner -style , and there are n't even token attempts at flight simulation — you ca n't even crash the damned thing , however hard you try !
you ca n't turn the plane to any degree , you ca n't chase an enemy afterburner -style , and there are n't even token [tries] at flight simulation — you ca n't even crash the damned thing , however hard you try !

Their desperate attempts to cut expenditure in any way they could led to a sharp decline in print quality .
their desperate [tries] to cut expenditure in any way they could led to a sharp decline in print quality .

The fourteen papers include : ‘ The Renaissance draughtsman and his models ’ by Francis Ames-Lewis , which takes issue with some of the opinions in the Woodner exhibition catalogue ; ‘ The creative copy in nineteenth-century French art ’ by Richard Thompson , which produces some striking juxtapositions such as a Redon charcoal after Leonardo 's Louvre ‘ Virgin and Child with Saint Anne ’ with the original painting ; ‘ Claude Lorraine as a figure draughtsman ’ by Michael Kitson ; ‘ The charcoal drawings of Odilon Redon ’ by Vojtech Jirat-Wasiutynski ; ‘ Pastel : its evolution to the twentieth century ’ by Genevieve Monnier ’ ; and ‘ An unknown collection of drawings in the eighteenth century ’ by Tilman Falk , which attempts to reconstruct the collection of the Rheinland merchant Johann Jakob Faesch ( 1732–96 ) .
the fourteen papers include : ‘ the renaissance draughtsman and his models ’ by francis ames-lewis , which takes issue with some of the opinions in the woodner exhibition catalogue ; ‘ the creative copy in nineteenth-century french art ’ by richard thompson , which produces some striking juxtapositions such as a redon charcoal after leonardo 's louvre ‘ virgin and child with saint anne ’ with the original painting ; ‘ claude lorraine as a figure draughtsman ’ by michael kitson ; ‘ the charcoal drawings of odilon redon ’ by vojtech jirat-wasiutynski ; ‘ pastel : its evolution to the twentieth century ’ by genevieve monnier ’ ; and ‘ an unknown collection of drawings in the eighteenth century ’ by tilman falk , which [tries] to reconstruct the collection of the rheinland merchant johann jakob faesch ( 1732–96 ) .

Kren attempts to balance Cologne 's sometimes rootless obsession with the new by showing painting and sculpture from the Sixties to the present by older American artists such as Philip Guston , Willem De Kooning , Raoul Hague and Robert Rauschenberg along with German artists such as Andreas Horlitz and Thom Barth .
kren [tries] to balance cologne 's sometimes rootless obsession with the new by showing painting and sculpture from the sixties to the present by older american artists such as philip guston , willem de kooning , raoul hague and robert rauschenberg along with german artists such as andreas horlitz and thom barth .

The editorial policy adds ‘ Challenge will be an ecumenical magazine that attempts to reach Christians of all churches and church traditions ’ .
the editorial policy adds ‘ challenge will be an ecumenical magazine that [tries] to reach christians of all churches and church traditions ’ .

The attempts to describe pottery at present are totally inadequate and highly subjective in all aspects such as colour , surface finish decoration and above all , fabric and the effects of kiln control , or lack of it , and the critical cooling temperature ( Curie point ) .
the [tries] to describe pottery at present are totally inadequate and highly subjective in all aspects such as colour , surface finish decoration and above all , fabric and the effects of kiln control , or lack of it , and the critical cooling temperature ( curie point ) .

It is likely that attempts were made to create similar kingdoms on the western frontier along the Severn Valley , but these were frustrated by Caratacus , who had established himself as the head of the anti-Roman forces in the region now known as Wales .
it is likely that [tries] were made to create similar kingdoms on the western frontier along the severn valley , but these were frustrated by caratacus , who had established himself as the head of the anti-roman forces in the region now known as wales .

Neither interpretation of consideration provides a convincing account of the doctrine , for an inevitable distortion arises if one attempts to reduce this substantive requirement of an economic exchange to a test of the deliberateness of an exercise of choice .
neither interpretation of consideration provides a convincing account of the doctrine , for an inevitable distortion arises if one [tries] to reduce this substantive requirement of an economic exchange to a test of the deliberateness of an exercise of choice .

The legal model has one further method by which it attempts to balance the desirability of going to the managers of the company substantial discretionary power so that they have sufficient flexibility to act effectively , whilst at the same time minimizing the danger that the existence of such discretion creates , which is that it will be used arbitrarily .
the legal model has one further method by which it [tries] to balance the desirability of going to the managers of the company substantial discretionary power so that they have sufficient flexibility to act effectively , whilst at the same time minimizing the danger that the existence of such discretion creates , which is that it will be used arbitrarily .

Several attempts have been made , however , to breathe new life into the traditional model which relies on structuring the internal organization of the company appropriately to ensure that controls are exercised over corporate managers .
several [tries] have been made , however , to breathe new life into the traditional model which relies on structuring the internal organization of the company appropriately to ensure that controls are exercised over corporate managers .

Either attempts can be made to ensure that corporate managers behave as profit-maximizers by making them responsive once again to the market ; or , alternatively , new life can be breathed into the legal model of the company so that managers are once again forced to act in the interests of the shareholders .
either [tries] can be made to ensure that corporate managers behave as profit-maximizers by making them responsive once again to the market ; or , alternatively , new life can be breathed into the legal model of the company so that managers are once again forced to act in the interests of the shareholders .

At the level of legal theory the natural-entity model of the company attempts to encapsulate many of the features of the corporatist countervision .
at the level of legal theory the natural-entity model of the company [tries] to encapsulate many of the features of the corporatist countervision .

Law 's inability is explained by reference to unenforceability or to unsuitability ; attempts to deal with family problems are said to bring law into disrepute .
law 's inability is explained by reference to unenforceability or to unsuitability ; [tries] to deal with family problems are said to bring law into disrepute .

We should also be very suspicious of any codification project which attempts to pre-empt or disguise the irreducibly dispositive element in decision-making .
we should also be very suspicious of any codification project which [tries] to pre-empt or disguise the irreducibly dispositive element in decision-making .

The Zamoyski family 's attempts to reactivate a foundation they set up in the 1920s at Kornik , a Scottish-baronial monstrosity housing a priceless library of early illuminated manuscripts and incunabula , are being thwarted by the Polish Academy of Learning , which swallowed it up in 1945 .
the zamoyski family 's [tries] to reactivate a foundation they set up in the 1920s at kornik , a scottish-baronial monstrosity housing a priceless library of early illuminated manuscripts and incunabula , are being thwarted by the polish academy of learning , which swallowed it up in 1945 .

How much of these the foundation will manage to recover is an open question , but at least the collection is now safe ( there have been several attempts in the past to remove its best paintings to other museums ) .
how much of these the foundation will manage to recover is an open question , but at least the collection is now safe ( there have been several [tries] in the past to remove its best paintings to other museums ) .

The ship was laden with gold , silver and emeralds from Colombia and unsuccessful attempts were made by the Spanish government to salvage the ship immediately after it sank .
the ship was laden with gold , silver and emeralds from colombia and unsuccessful [tries] were made by the spanish government to salvage the ship immediately after it sank .

Marx 's attempts to explore the wreck were unsuccessful ; fourteen years later Captain Herbert Humphreys Jr negotiated a deal with the Bahamian government which gave him three-quarters of the profits of all items found .
marx 's [tries] to explore the wreck were unsuccessful ; fourteen years later captain herbert humphreys jr negotiated a deal with the bahamian government which gave him three-quarters of the profits of all items found .

Some areas of study are so hard of definition that they seem to evade all attempts to summarise them .
some areas of study are so hard of definition that they seem to evade all [tries] to summarise them .

These books also represent attempts to fill a gap in the art historical book market .
these books also represent [tries] to fill a gap in the art historical book market .

The final chapter attempts to deal with Piero 's writings .
the final chapter [tries] to deal with piero 's writings .

Nevertheless , dependence on nicotine is a major part of the problem for many smokers and smoking cessation aids may help such people in their attempts to stop smoking .
nevertheless , dependence on nicotine is a major part of the problem for many smokers and smoking cessation aids may help such people in their [tries] to stop smoking .

It is hoped that initially the client will experience some anxiety with each target and learn to cope with this effectively , but that over five attempts of this target this anxiety will drop to a minimum .
it is hoped that initially the client will experience some anxiety with each target and learn to cope with this effectively , but that over five [tries] of this target this anxiety will drop to a minimum .

Notwithstanding his attempts to appease conservative critics , Mr Frohnmayer 's aversion to placing any restrictions on artistic freedom was increasingly apparent .
notwithstanding his [tries] to appease conservative critics , mr frohnmayer 's aversion to placing any restrictions on artistic freedom was increasingly apparent .

To be truly modern means to accept the process of change without pathetic attempts to prevent it from running its course .
to be truly modern means to accept the process of change without pathetic [tries] to prevent it from running its course .

Donald Sultan , who atypically showed sculpture in his last exhibition , returns to painting at Knoedler while Bryan Hunt , known as a sculptor , atypically attempts paintings at Blum-Helman ( uptown ) .
donald sultan , who atypically showed sculpture in his last exhibition , returns to painting at knoedler while bryan hunt , known as a sculptor , atypically [tries] paintings at blum-helman ( uptown ) .

Who really gives a damn about reading studies , particularly feminist studies , about women , their dilemmas , their problems , their attempts at solution ?
who really gives a damn about reading studies , particularly feminist studies , about women , their dilemmas , their problems , their [tries] at solution ?

Halls are usually run by a warden with a democratically-elected student committee that attempts to sort out amicable solutions to some of the difficulties and charms of communal living — such as small-hour parties on one side of a desperate-to-sleep student with reggae or Mozart on the other !
halls are usually run by a warden with a democratically-elected student committee that [tries] to sort out amicable solutions to some of the difficulties and charms of communal living — such as small-hour parties on one side of a desperate-to-sleep student with reggae or mozart on the other !

Be kind to yourself in judging your first attempts at answering exam questions under a time constraint .
be kind to yourself in judging your first [tries] at answering exam questions under a time constraint .

This degree of knowledge will not guarantee immunity from mistakes or deceit at the hands of unscrupulous dealers , but it will help to combat the more obvious attempts at misinformation — far more likely than outright deception — and assist in assessing the integrity of any dealer or expert whom one may need to rely on for advice .
this degree of knowledge will not guarantee immunity from mistakes or deceit at the hands of unscrupulous dealers , but it will help to combat the more obvious [tries] at misinformation — far more likely than outright deception — and assist in assessing the integrity of any dealer or expert whom one may need to rely on for advice .

For more than 30 years Brooklands was the home of hundreds of races , the scene of many record attempts , and the testing ground for manufacturers who were restricted to the 20mph speed limit on Britain 's roads at the time .
for more than 30 years brooklands was the home of hundreds of races , the scene of many record [tries] , and the testing ground for manufacturers who were restricted to the 20mph speed limit on britain 's roads at the time .

There are a number of algorithms by which characters may be extracted from this data , including spatial analysis methods , whereby strokes are coded by a numbering system on a grid , and topological feature methods , whereby attempts are made to identify the constituent shapes within letters .
there are a number of algorithms by which characters may be extracted from this data , including spatial analysis methods , whereby strokes are coded by a numbering system on a grid , and topological feature methods , whereby [tries] are made to identify the constituent shapes within letters .

Perhaps a better definition of discourse processing is to state that it attempts to describe the ’ extra meanings ’ that come about due to the combination of individual sentences within a larger passage of text .
perhaps a better definition of discourse processing is to state that it [tries] to describe the ’ extra meanings ’ that come about due to the combination of individual sentences within a larger passage of text .

This is an important question since ( a ) dictionaries are attempts by people to represent externally what they know about language ; and ( b ) they are an existing source of information that has evolved over hundreds of years .
this is an important question since ( a ) dictionaries are [tries] by people to represent externally what they know about language ; and ( b ) they are an existing source of information that has evolved over hundreds of years .

Attempts to perform automated semantic analysis by means of the selectional restrictions provided by semantic features have almost universally exposed the theory as being crude and inefficient . At the simplest level , semantic features may help identify correct word senses in sentences such as : John hit the post with a ball
[tries] to perform automated semantic analysis by means of the selectional restrictions provided by semantic features have almost universally exposed the theory as being crude and inefficient . at the simplest level , semantic features may help identify correct word senses in sentences such as : john hit the post with a ball

As with the scripts mentioned above , attempts to represent semantic knowledge in frames have suffered from the problems of relevance and detail , along with the usual acquisition problem .
as with the scripts mentioned above , [tries] to represent semantic knowledge in frames have suffered from the problems of relevance and detail , along with the usual acquisition problem .

The importance of such knowledge becomes apparent when attempts are made to produce computer programs that can understand text [ Schank & abelson , 1977 ] .
the importance of such knowledge becomes apparent when [tries] are made to produce computer programs that can understand text [ schank & abelson , 1977 ] .

Attempts have been made to represent such knowledge using a structure known as a script [ Schank & abelson , 1977 ] .
[tries] have been made to represent such knowledge using a structure known as a script [ schank & abelson , 1977 ] .

The latter approach attempts to carry these ambiguities around in the form of constraints .
the latter approach [tries] to carry these ambiguities around in the form of constraints .

His help was called for in purely local matters , such as the corporation 's attempts to clear fishgarths from the Ouse , but he also pressed the city 's claims at court , and in 1476 was credited with the preservation of York 's liberties by his great labour to the king .
his help was called for in purely local matters , such as the corporation 's [tries] to clear fishgarths from the ouse , but he also pressed the city 's claims at court , and in 1476 was credited with the preservation of york 's liberties by his great labour to the king .

This then presents the entire period from May to mid June as a slippery slope down which Gloucester plunged , his attempts to achieve security committing him to progressively more desperate measures .
this then presents the entire period from may to mid june as a slippery slope down which gloucester plunged , his [tries] to achieve security committing him to progressively more desperate measures .

Whatever one 's interpretation of these events , however , attempts to explain away the chronological oddity of the attack on Hastings should not be allowed to obscure the fact that in practice it did not stop Richard taking control of the duke of York .
whatever one 's interpretation of these events , however , [tries] to explain away the chronological oddity of the attack on hastings should not be allowed to obscure the fact that in practice it did not stop richard taking control of the duke of york .

Even in a city like London , with no large industrial base and a preponderance of casual labourers , we can see in the last half of the nineteenth century , as Gareth Stedman Jones has put it , the ‘ emergence of a working class culture which showed itself impervious to middle class attempts to guide it ’ , even as it remained politically conservative , and it developed deeply rooted family patterns of its own .
even in a city like london , with no large industrial base and a preponderance of casual labourers , we can see in the last half of the nineteenth century , as gareth stedman jones has put it , the ‘ emergence of a working class culture which showed itself impervious to middle class [tries] to guide it ’ , even as it remained politically conservative , and it developed deeply rooted family patterns of its own .

But from the 1870s , following what was seen as a decline in standards in the 1850s and 1860s , a new confidence in the moralistic ethic can be detected , as if the hesitations that had governed earlier attempts were cast off .
but from the 1870s , following what was seen as a decline in standards in the 1850s and 1860s , a new confidence in the moralistic ethic can be detected , as if the hesitations that had governed earlier [tries] were cast off .

Confronted with this sort of attitude it is easy to see why even such a reformer as Butler , who was usually extremely sensitive to the issue of the personal rights of individuals , responded with outrage to attempts to block age-of-consent legislation .
confronted with this sort of attitude it is easy to see why even such a reformer as butler , who was usually extremely sensitive to the issue of the personal rights of individuals , responded with outrage to [tries] to block age-of-consent legislation .

Inevitably they took out their frustrations on Ellie and ‘ Patsy ’ , as they had nick-named their youngest brother , leaving it to him to remember his sister 's bottle when the others had left her crying , or to make endless attempts to keep her amused .
inevitably they took out their frustrations on ellie and ‘ patsy ’ , as they had nick-named their youngest brother , leaving it to him to remember his sister 's bottle when the others had left her crying , or to make endless [tries] to keep her amused .

Political fear of the working class was not acute enough to bring about a widespread demand to conciliate the workers ; rather the 1890s saw attempts to suppress trade unionism through the law courts , lock-outs and the use of ‘ blackleg ’ labour .
political fear of the working class was not acute enough to bring about a widespread demand to conciliate the workers ; rather the 1890s saw [tries] to suppress trade unionism through the law courts , lock-outs and the use of ‘ blackleg ’ labour .

Their attempts to lower the age limit to sixty-five failed , but drove Lloyd George to protest that the measure was only an experimental ‘ beginning ’ in a new field of state action and beginnings needs must be cautious .
their [tries] to lower the age limit to sixty-five failed , but drove lloyd george to protest that the measure was only an experimental ‘ beginning ’ in a new field of state action and beginnings needs must be cautious .

Attempts to organize boycotts of contributions by employers of servants were apparently unsuccessful .
[tries] to organize boycotts of contributions by employers of servants were apparently unsuccessful .

Attempts had of course been made before 1513 to link taxation more directly to personal riches , but they had been unpopular and , in general , ineffective .
[tries] had of course been made before 1513 to link taxation more directly to personal riches , but they had been unpopular and , in general , ineffective .

Food and lodging at court for an officer and his servants was surprisingly valuable in spite of all attempts at economy in the royal Household .
food and lodging at court for an officer and his servants was surprisingly valuable in spite of all [tries] at economy in the royal household .

While officers struggled with each other to improve their own positions they often united to block any attempts at reform by the Crown .
while officers struggled with each other to improve their own positions they often united to block any [tries] at reform by the crown .

For the Evangelicals , the prospect of heaven or hell was a major source of motivation in their attempts to ‘ form the minds ’ of their children .
for the evangelicals , the prospect of heaven or hell was a major source of motivation in their [tries] to ‘ form the minds ’ of their children .

During the 1950s and early 1960s a lot of effort was devoted to attempts , in the first place , to identify and measure parental attitudes and , in the second place , to relate them to characteristics of child behaviour .
during the 1950s and early 1960s a lot of effort was devoted to [tries] , in the first place , to identify and measure parental attitudes and , in the second place , to relate them to characteristics of child behaviour .

However , the difficulties of this approach became apparent in attempts to relate these parental characteristics to child behaviour .
however , the difficulties of this approach became apparent in [tries] to relate these parental characteristics to child behaviour .

Just occasionally , however , drastic discontinuities in a child 's upbringing do occur and are thus of special interest in attempts to understand the role of early experience .
just occasionally , however , drastic discontinuities in a child 's upbringing do occur and are thus of special interest in [tries] to understand the role of early experience .

One has to consider the whole network of interacting influences ; not , as the critical period model attempts to do , skip all but the first and last link .
one has to consider the whole network of interacting influences ; not , as the critical period model [tries] to do , skip all but the first and last link .

Bereavement counselling — where there is no hope of conception or repeated attempts at treatment have not resulted in conception .
bereavement counselling — where there is no hope of conception or repeated [tries] at treatment have not resulted in conception .

Japanese attempts to change Japan in the last 150 years have been both imitative and derivative , but have been accompanied by conscious and unconscious retention of indigenous characteristics and the ‘ simulation ’ of traditional Japanese attributes , plus a fair measure of originality .
japanese [tries] to change japan in the last 150 years have been both imitative and derivative , but have been accompanied by conscious and unconscious retention of indigenous characteristics and the ‘ simulation ’ of traditional japanese attributes , plus a fair measure of originality .

Sporadic attempts by Western nations to penetrate Japan 's isolation from the 1790s were all rebuffed .
sporadic [tries] by western nations to penetrate japan 's isolation from the 1790s were all rebuffed .

By the late 1880s , however , Japan had growing interests in mainland Asia , and there was a danger that Japan 's attempts to assert herself in Korea and in Manchuria would bring her into direct confrontation with the expanding Russian empire .
by the late 1880s , however , japan had growing interests in mainland asia , and there was a danger that japan 's [tries] to assert herself in korea and in manchuria would bring her into direct confrontation with the expanding russian empire .

Japan 's pre-1945 attempts to achieve national self-sufficiency through being , to quote Peter Duus , ‘ truculently self-assertive ’ , had been manifestly unsuccessful .
japan 's pre-1945 [tries] to achieve national self-sufficiency through being , to quote peter duus , ‘ truculently self-assertive ’ , had been manifestly unsuccessful .

Attempts at intervention in China 's domestic affairs were the inevitable result of this turmoil .
[tries] at intervention in china 's domestic affairs were the inevitable result of this turmoil .

Western attempts to meet force with force led to China 's declaration of war on the foreign powers the following day .
western [tries] to meet force with force led to china 's declaration of war on the foreign powers the following day .

The assassination by a Korean of the resident general , Itó Hirobumi , during a visit to Manchuria in 1909 , marked the end of all attempts at conciliation and became the excuse for annexation .
the assassination by a korean of the resident general , itó hirobumi , during a visit to manchuria in 1909 , marked the end of all [tries] at conciliation and became the excuse for annexation .

In the late 1930s Japanese became the official language and attempts were made to wipe out the indigenous Korean culture .
in the late 1930s japanese became the official language and [tries] were made to wipe out the indigenous korean culture .

In the years after the Twenty-One Demands Japanese governments tended to adopt a more indirect approach in their attempts to exert Japanese influence in China .
in the years after the twenty-one demands japanese governments tended to adopt a more indirect approach in their [tries] to exert japanese influence in china .

Attempts to restrict military advance were ignored on the grounds of operational necessity , and the government in Tokyo , incapable of stemming the advance , found itself forced to act as an apologist for the military 's faits accomplis .
[tries] to restrict military advance were ignored on the grounds of operational necessity , and the government in tokyo , incapable of stemming the advance , found itself forced to act as an apologist for the military 's faits accomplis .

Racial , linguistic and cultural homogeneity in a nation virtually cut off from outside contacts , and the growth of national economic and political integration , in part counteracted the authorities ’ attempts to perpetuate rigid status divisions .
racial , linguistic and cultural homogeneity in a nation virtually cut off from outside contacts , and the growth of national economic and political integration , in part counteracted the authorities ’ [tries] to perpetuate rigid status divisions .

Japan was not unique in the problems faced by her rural population , but her attempts to search for an external outlet for domestic discontent were unusually vigorous .
japan was not unique in the problems faced by her rural population , but her [tries] to search for an external outlet for domestic discontent were unusually vigorous .

In the Lords the shift in opinion since the earlier attempts to abolish the death penalty had been rejected was even more striking .
in the lords the shift in opinion since the earlier [tries] to abolish the death penalty had been rejected was even more striking .

So much so , that attempts were made — unsuccessfully — to make the 1988 package of expanded capital availability offered by the Bank of Japan conditional on an easing of the perceived unreasonableness of the Malaysian authorities .
so much so , that [tries] were made — unsuccessfully — to make the 1988 package of expanded capital availability offered by the bank of japan conditional on an easing of the perceived unreasonableness of the malaysian authorities .

None the less , some attempts were made to provide local , preferential credit .
none the less , some [tries] were made to provide local , preferential credit .

Meanwhile , real wages declined , despite attempts to fix minimum real wages , at least around Nairobi .
meanwhile , real wages declined , despite [tries] to fix minimum real wages , at least around nairobi .

Attempts at privatisation , designed to push SOEs on to the global bandwagon , have often been accompanied by an easing of equity limitations in other sectors .
[tries] at privatisation , designed to push soes on to the global bandwagon , have often been accompanied by an easing of equity limitations in other sectors .

These attempts represent a shift in ‘ intent ’ from left to right in the matrix of agendas shown earlier in figure 1.7 .
these [tries] represent a shift in ‘ intent ’ from left to right in the matrix of agendas shown earlier in figure 1.7 .

Greenfield attempts to avoid this by claiming to test for ‘ abstractness ’ .
greenfield [tries] to avoid this by claiming to test for ‘ abstractness ’ .

These claims are made in the context of attempts to justify expenditure on western education systems and to represent the ideals of the writers ' own culture as ‘ universal ’ .
these claims are made in the context of [tries] to justify expenditure on western education systems and to represent the ideals of the writers ' own culture as ‘ universal ’ .

Indeed , much of their own writing is embedded , context-laden and ethnocentric , as the current argument attempts to demonstrate .
indeed , much of their own writing is embedded , context-laden and ethnocentric , as the current argument [tries] to demonstrate .

Goody however attempts to evade the implications of Lévi-Strauss ' argument by pointing out that , ultimately , Lévi-Strauss himself provides a dualistic model of the world : one which distinguishes between ‘ primitive ’ and ‘ modern ’ , mythological and scientific ( Goody , 1977 , pp .
goody however [tries] to evade the implications of lévi-strauss ' argument by pointing out that , ultimately , lévi-strauss himself provides a dualistic model of the world : one which distinguishes between ‘ primitive ’ and ‘ modern ’ , mythological and scientific ( goody , 1977 , pp .

The use of ‘ one ’ , for instance , is frequently a device for indicating status or attitude , as when a politician attempts to establish neutrality or objectivity for his or her own opinions , through such phrases as ‘ one knows … ’ .
the use of ‘ one ’ , for instance , is frequently a device for indicating status or attitude , as when a politician [tries] to establish neutrality or objectivity for his or her own opinions , through such phrases as ‘ one knows … ’ .

Lyons attempts to put this into perspective by pointing out that ‘ the value set upon objectivity varies from society to society : indeed , that the concept itself may be given no recognition at all in some societies ’ .
lyons [tries] to put this into perspective by pointing out that ‘ the value set upon objectivity varies from society to society : indeed , that the concept itself may be given no recognition at all in some societies ’ .

Oakeshott 's rejection of any attempts to found civil association on a legitimizing principle is a critical aspect of his theory .
oakeshott 's rejection of any [tries] to found civil association on a legitimizing principle is a critical aspect of his theory .

It was like a smiling , mocking face , laughing at her useless attempts to raise her own passion .
it was like a smiling , mocking face , laughing at her useless [tries] to raise her own passion .

The authors argue that ‘ attempts to evaluate effectiveness have shown little or no benefit , ’ although among the references they quote are three studies that did not entail counselling in the accepted sense of the term at all , two of which produced distinctly positive results .
the authors argue that ‘ [tries] to evaluate effectiveness have shown little or no benefit , ’ although among the references they quote are three studies that did not entail counselling in the accepted sense of the term at all , two of which produced distinctly positive results .

This work has made a great contribution to our understanding of the subject , although the structural diversity of port wine stains confounds the best attempts at mathematical modelling and there is no substitute for good clinical assessments and comparisons of different laser systems .
this work has made a great contribution to our understanding of the subject , although the structural diversity of port wine stains confounds the best [tries] at mathematical modelling and there is no substitute for good clinical assessments and comparisons of different laser systems .

No other work of reference attempts to contain within its covers such a complete record of the English language , past and present .
no other work of reference [tries] to contain within its covers such a complete record of the english language , past and present .

When a person attempts to achieve a goal we refer to the behavioural outcome as ‘ motivation ’ .
when a person [tries] to achieve a goal we refer to the behavioural outcome as ‘ motivation ’ .

The following section of this chapter attempts to simplify these issues by explaining the goals listed earlier , by showing the sorts of themes that might emerge to indicate the strength of a goal and by illustrating the sorts of jobs which satisfy certain goals .
the following section of this chapter [tries] to simplify these issues by explaining the goals listed earlier , by showing the sorts of themes that might emerge to indicate the strength of a goal and by illustrating the sorts of jobs which satisfy certain goals .

There have been various attempts to classify different corporate cultures and to look at the consequences of those types for the use of power ( see Deal and Kennedy ; Handy ) .
there have been various [tries] to classify different corporate cultures and to look at the consequences of those types for the use of power ( see deal and kennedy ; handy ) .

It is easiest to see this in attempts to improve one 's chances of promotion .
it is easiest to see this in [tries] to improve one 's chances of promotion .

Behaviours specific to the task ( the objective or goal ) evolve into sharing of information , acceptance of different opinions and positive attempts to reach mutually agreeable or compromise decisions .
behaviours specific to the task ( the objective or goal ) evolve into sharing of information , acceptance of different opinions and positive [tries] to reach mutually agreeable or compromise decisions .

Phase 2 : attempts to correct The members have noted the continued deviation from group norms and deliberately attempt to correct the behaviour ( ‘ Do n't keep doing that , ‘ Put your clothes back on again ' , ‘ You do n't have to go home yet , ‘ Have another drink ’ , etc . )
phase 2 : [tries] to correct the members have noted the continued deviation from group norms and deliberately attempt to correct the behaviour ( ‘ do n't keep doing that , ‘ put your clothes back on again ' , ‘ you do n't have to go home yet , ‘ have another drink ’ , etc . )

Numerous attempts have been made to improve the performance of groups .
numerous [tries] have been made to improve the performance of groups .

Attempts to avoid altered glycaemic control , which is a confounding variable , during the study might have masked a tendency for increased hypoglycaemia with human insulin , but since insulin doses did not change throughout the study this is also unlikely .
[tries] to avoid altered glycaemic control , which is a confounding variable , during the study might have masked a tendency for increased hypoglycaemia with human insulin , but since insulin doses did not change throughout the study this is also unlikely .

’ Since Watergate , Nixon has been a discredited figure and some of his attempts to bring order to the fragmented system of government stepped beyond the bounds of legality .
’ since watergate , nixon has been a discredited figure and some of his [tries] to bring order to the fragmented system of government stepped beyond the bounds of legality .

Onerous responsibilities are heaped upon the man in the White House , but many obstacles are placed in his way as he attempts to meet those responsibilities .
onerous responsibilities are heaped upon the man in the white house , but many obstacles are placed in his way as he [tries] to meet those responsibilities .

Despite the care taken in selecting cabinet members to ensure that only men and women loyal to Reagan were appointed , there were inevitable attempts to break ranks when budget-cutting proposals were under discussion .
despite the care taken in selecting cabinet members to ensure that only men and women loyal to reagan were appointed , there were inevitable [tries] to break ranks when budget-cutting proposals were under discussion .

During June the administration successfully fended off Democratic attempts to recoup their losses earlier in the year , allowing the president , on 13 August , to sign ‘ into law the deepest and farthest-reaching package of budget cuts that Congress had ever approved .
during june the administration successfully fended off democratic [tries] to recoup their losses earlier in the year , allowing the president , on 13 august , to sign ‘ into law the deepest and farthest-reaching package of budget cuts that congress had ever approved .

Congress also declined to cooperate with Reagan in many of his more ambitious attempts to reduce the size of the federal government .
congress also declined to cooperate with reagan in many of his more ambitious [tries] to reduce the size of the federal government .

Repeated attempts were made to rationalize the system .
repeated [tries] were made to rationalize the system .

During the 1860s a few isolated attempts to form close-knit organizations overlapped with more widespread efforts to develop educational circles for workers and to take up posts as village teachers or medical assistants in order to establish links with the peasants .
during the 1860s a few isolated [tries] to form close-knit organizations overlapped with more widespread efforts to develop educational circles for workers and to take up posts as village teachers or medical assistants in order to establish links with the peasants .

The Executive Committee pronounced a sentence of death on the Tsar himself and , after repeated attempts , succeeded in assassinating Alexander on a St Petersburg street on 1 March 1881 .
the executive committee pronounced a sentence of death on the tsar himself and , after repeated [tries] , succeeded in assassinating alexander on a st petersburg street on 1 march 1881 .

Alternating attempts at forthright assertion of authority and tentative gestures of conciliation exacerbated the situation .
alternating [tries] at forthright assertion of authority and tentative gestures of conciliation exacerbated the situation .

When we consider the dominance of collectivism as an explanation of what makes Japanese experience unique , we do need to emphasize that this is not simply a characteristic of Western or American writing , but many Japanese social scientists have echoed this explanation in their attempts to identify the sources of consensus in Japanese society .
when we consider the dominance of collectivism as an explanation of what makes japanese experience unique , we do need to emphasize that this is not simply a characteristic of western or american writing , but many japanese social scientists have echoed this explanation in their [tries] to identify the sources of consensus in japanese society .

She also makes it clear that if labour attempts to leave one large company for another , such mobility is taken as evidence of unreliability .
she also makes it clear that if labour [tries] to leave one large company for another , such mobility is taken as evidence of unreliability .

Senior officers were generally resentful of the attempts of politicians to interfere in military affairs and in the organization of the Empire , which was almost a military fiefdom .
senior officers were generally resentful of the [tries] of politicians to interfere in military affairs and in the organization of the empire , which was almost a military fiefdom .

Attempts to introduce the system in Japanese plants overseas have frequently been thwarted by the inability of component suppliers to meet quality and timing schedules .
[tries] to introduce the system in japanese plants overseas have frequently been thwarted by the inability of component suppliers to meet quality and timing schedules .

From 1956 attempts have been made to regulate subcontracting payments and prevent large companies from making unilateral changes in trading terms .
from 1956 [tries] have been made to regulate subcontracting payments and prevent large companies from making unilateral changes in trading terms .

Whether we regard state policies towards small firms as rhetorical gestures or as genuine attempts to protect their existence , there does appear to be renewed interest in preserving a differentiated industrial structure .
whether we regard state policies towards small firms as rhetorical gestures or as genuine [tries] to protect their existence , there does appear to be renewed interest in preserving a differentiated industrial structure .

Japan 's dense network of wholesale and retail distribution has been a contentious issue among overseas producers who claim that it acts as a barrier in their attempts to increase sales .
japan 's dense network of wholesale and retail distribution has been a contentious issue among overseas producers who claim that it acts as a barrier in their [tries] to increase sales .

Each smaller work group attempts to perform better than their rival groups in both quality control and in the number of suggestions they offer to improve productivity .
each smaller work group [tries] to perform better than their rival groups in both quality control and in the number of suggestions they offer to improve productivity .

In addition , when a lexicographer either requests a new entry , or attempts to return one , a series of subsidiary data retrievals are made from the database .
in addition , when a lexicographer either requests a new entry , or [tries] to return one , a series of subsidiary data retrievals are made from the database .

There have been a number of attempts to define languages at the assembler level which would be portable from one computer to another ; the compatible computer ranges of the previous section are , of course , one such attempt .
there have been a number of [tries] to define languages at the assembler level which would be portable from one computer to another ; the compatible computer ranges of the previous section are , of course , one such attempt .

Initially , the main aim of this research was to demonstrate the inaccuracy of Chomsky 's characterization of the input as `` random and degenerate `` but , more recently , attempts have been made to show that particular features of this register actually facilitate the learner 's task .
initially , the main aim of this research was to demonstrate the inaccuracy of chomsky 's characterization of the input as `` random and degenerate `` but , more recently , [tries] have been made to show that particular features of this register actually facilitate the learner 's task .

More than once in the past 50 years the concept of readability measurement and prediction has been castigated as facile and simplistic , despite the earnest attempts of most readability researchers themselves to portray their work in a balanced and untendentious way .
more than once in the past 50 years the concept of readability measurement and prediction has been castigated as facile and simplistic , despite the earnest [tries] of most readability researchers themselves to portray their work in a balanced and untendentious way .

More importantly , we shall also consider some of the most recent approaches that psychologists have adopted in their attempts to bridge the gap which has hitherto existed between psychological theory and educational practice .
more importantly , we shall also consider some of the most recent approaches that psychologists have adopted in their [tries] to bridge the gap which has hitherto existed between psychological theory and educational practice .

Langer ( 1982 ) , in an admirable book which attempts to bridge the gap between researchers and teachers , explains how this can be done systematically .
langer ( 1982 ) , in an admirable book which [tries] to bridge the gap between researchers and teachers , explains how this can be done systematically .

As stated above , the algebra now called classical concerned itself with ( polynomial ) equations , in particular with attempts to supply formulae for the roots of equations of degrees 3 , 4 , 5 , etc .
as stated above , the algebra now called classical concerned itself with ( polynomial ) equations , in particular with [tries] to supply formulae for the roots of equations of degrees 3 , 4 , 5 , etc .

Both finite and infinite multiplicative groups give rise to so-called group algebras via attempts to `` represent `` the group elements by matrices , and in studying a Lie group an investigation of the associated Lie algebra is invaluable .
both finite and infinite multiplicative groups give rise to so-called group algebras via [tries] to `` represent `` the group elements by matrices , and in studying a lie group an investigation of the associated lie algebra is invaluable .

This is not a matter of accident , or simple confusion , or even of deliberate attempts to use or misuse the word for particular political purposes — although all of these factors may , and in fact do , come into it .
this is not a matter of accident , or simple confusion , or even of deliberate [tries] to use or misuse the word for particular political purposes — although all of these factors may , and in fact do , come into it .

The following fifty years , which were also the years in which Athens and the Greeks decisively rebuffed the attempts of the Persians under Darius and Xerxes to destroy their independent states , saw further moves towards the dominance of popular power in Athens , some of them directly prompted by the necessities of war .
the following fifty years , which were also the years in which athens and the greeks decisively rebuffed the [tries] of the persians under darius and xerxes to destroy their independent states , saw further moves towards the dominance of popular power in athens , some of them directly prompted by the necessities of war .

The principal theoretical basis for these attempts to limit the role of `` the masses `` within the political system lay in the revision of traditional democratic theory in such a way as to incorporate some of the findings of modern political sociology , and some of the arguments of the classical elite theorists , Pareto , Mosca and Michels .
the principal theoretical basis for these [tries] to limit the role of `` the masses `` within the political system lay in the revision of traditional democratic theory in such a way as to incorporate some of the findings of modern political sociology , and some of the arguments of the classical elite theorists , pareto , mosca and michels .

If this is so , then any attempts to conjure up a single popular will can only be factitious , and dangerous to the rights of individuals and groups within society : hence , in part , the suspicion with which mass political movements are viewed from within this perspective .
if this is so , then any [tries] to conjure up a single popular will can only be factitious , and dangerous to the rights of individuals and groups within society : hence , in part , the suspicion with which mass political movements are viewed from within this perspective .

Their attempts to abandon many of the ideas and ideals of classical democratic theory were immediately challenged by other theorists ; while their celebrations of actually existing democracies founded on lukewarm politics and `` a mainly passive electorate `` were countered by the marked revival of popular activity and radical commitment which was already taking off in the late 1950s when these texts were being written and published .
their [tries] to abandon many of the ideas and ideals of classical democratic theory were immediately challenged by other theorists ; while their celebrations of actually existing democracies founded on lukewarm politics and `` a mainly passive electorate `` were countered by the marked revival of popular activity and radical commitment which was already taking off in the late 1950s when these texts were being written and published .

Nor can the undoubted fact that middle- or upper-class pressure groups and campaigns are generally much more politically effective than attempts to mobilize working-class interests .
nor can the undoubted fact that middle- or upper-class pressure groups and campaigns are generally much more politically effective than [tries] to mobilize working-class interests .

In fact , cinematographic analysis shows that the legs move in various sequences and attempts have been made to reduce them to variations on a single basic pattern ( Hughes , 1965 ; Wilson , 1966 ; see also Manton , 1972 ) .
in fact , cinematographic analysis shows that the legs move in various sequences and [tries] have been made to reduce them to variations on a single basic pattern ( hughes , 1965 ; wilson , 1966 ; see also manton , 1972 ) .

Attempts to introduce a common terminology for the venation achieved little success until the work of Comstock and Needham ( 1898 ) .
[tries] to introduce a common terminology for the venation achieved little success until the work of comstock and needham ( 1898 ) .

Attempts are therefore being made to assess activities and processes in more natural settings , either real or simulated .
[tries] are therefore being made to assess activities and processes in more natural settings , either real or simulated .

One solution to the difficulty of what the Cockcroft Report refers to as `` recording positive achievement `` which attempts to avoid laying too much stress on what pupils have not achieved is to record the growth in attainment over a period of time .
one solution to the difficulty of what the cockcroft report refers to as `` recording positive achievement `` which [tries] to avoid laying too much stress on what pupils have not achieved is to record the growth in attainment over a period of time .

There have been many attempts to save the Humean account , or some development of it .
there have been many [tries] to save the humean account , or some development of it .

Leaving aside several other good attempts to explain the difference between causes and causal circumstances and their effects , and also what can be said of great obstacles in the way of these attempts ( Mackie , 1974 , Ch .
leaving aside several other good [tries] to explain the difference between causes and causal circumstances and their effects , and also what can be said of great obstacles in the way of these [tries] ( mackie , 1974 , ch .

Like the logico-linguistic criterion , although in a different way , behaviourism attempts to analyse consciousness by looking elsewhere .
like the logico-linguistic criterion , although in a different way , behaviourism [tries] to analyse consciousness by looking elsewhere .

We do not want every child to become an artist — heaven forbid , but we do want every child to grow and be enriched by his imaginative experiences , and the study and observation and attempts at expressing these , in colour and form , is one way for him to do this .
we do not want every child to become an artist — heaven forbid , but we do want every child to grow and be enriched by his imaginative experiences , and the study and observation and [tries] at expressing these , in colour and form , is one way for him to do this .

As long ago as 1972 the Franks Committee recommended the repeal of this catch-all section but despite several abortive attempts , it was not until 1989 that section 2 was repealed .
as long ago as 1972 the franks committee recommended the repeal of this catch-all section but despite several abortive [tries] , it was not until 1989 that section 2 was repealed .

There has been limited use of a new procedure at the committee stage where evidence is taken from expert witnesses , as in the Criminal Attempts Act 1981 .
there has been limited use of a new procedure at the committee stage where evidence is taken from expert witnesses , as in the criminal [tries] act 1981 .

Attempts to annul such orders are rarely successful .
[tries] to annul such orders are rarely successful .

Despite this there have been various Parliamentary attempts to define the phrase .
despite this there have been various parliamentary [tries] to define the phrase .

In return for recognising the legality of the police practice of detaining suspects after arrest , but before charge , the Act attempts to give some protection to the suspect by imposing time limits on the period of detention , by introducing a system of review to ensure that detention remains necessary and by introducing a series of statutory rights supervised by the custody officer , and a Code of Practice on Detention and Questioning .
in return for recognising the legality of the police practice of detaining suspects after arrest , but before charge , the act [tries] to give some protection to the suspect by imposing time limits on the period of detention , by introducing a system of review to ensure that detention remains necessary and by introducing a series of statutory rights supervised by the custody officer , and a code of practice on detention and questioning .

There were , however , one or two early attempts to investigate the relationships between electricity and living organisms during the eighteenth century , long before the technology existed to do so properly .
there were , however , one or two early [tries] to investigate the relationships between electricity and living organisms during the eighteenth century , long before the technology existed to do so properly .

It seems likely that our dreams are attempts to make sense of experiences which are vivid but inconsequential ( as suggested by John Hughlings Jackson in his Perceptual Release Theory ) and this will be dealt with later in the chapter .
it seems likely that our dreams are [tries] to make sense of experiences which are vivid but inconsequential ( as suggested by john hughlings jackson in his perceptual release theory ) and this will be dealt with later in the chapter .

There is a `` down side `` to this aspect of a career in advertising for the long hours can and do interfere with attempts to strike a balance between work and play , career and home .
there is a `` down side `` to this aspect of a career in advertising for the long hours can and do interfere with [tries] to strike a balance between work and play , career and home .

Thirty words in addition are phonic alternatives : most of them are reasonable attempts :
thirty words in addition are phonic alternatives : most of them are reasonable [tries] :

But they are not random errors : they grow out of her particular approach to spelling , and suggest that she may have trouble in the future because of a weak visual memory and her attempts to compensate for this are reckless and haphazard .
but they are not random errors : they grow out of her particular approach to spelling , and suggest that she may have trouble in the future because of a weak visual memory and her [tries] to compensate for this are reckless and haphazard .

In other words , although a lot is said about `` silent letters `` , it 's more helpful to see that almost all words have `` silent letters `` in a sense , and that they are n't silent at all , but are attempts originally to symbolise regional or personal differences in pronunciation .
in other words , although a lot is said about `` silent letters `` , it 's more helpful to see that almost all words have `` silent letters `` in a sense , and that they are n't silent at all , but are [tries] originally to symbolise regional or personal differences in pronunciation .

( One theory is that it arose from scribes ' attempts to make the word more legible .
( one theory is that it arose from scribes ' [tries] to make the word more legible .

Attempts to set up a national printers `` union in Scotland date from 1836 , but both the General Typographical Association of Scotland and its successor , the Northern District Board of the National Typographical Association , came to grief after only a few years .
[tries] to set up a national printers `` union in scotland date from 1836 , but both the general typographical association of scotland and its successor , the northern district board of the national typographical association , came to grief after only a few years .

When in the 1880s , anxiety about the question grew more acute , and when exhortation to society members not to instruct `` female learners `` or to allow their daughters to take up the trade seemed to have little effect , more organized attempts were made to confront the problem .
when in the 1880s , anxiety about the question grew more acute , and when exhortation to society members not to instruct `` female learners `` or to allow their daughters to take up the trade seemed to have little effect , more organized [tries] were made to confront the problem .

Although unfortunately details of the projects are tantalizingly hard to ascertain , at least two attempts were made after 1888 by the Edinburgh Typographical Society to set up a women 's union , The first , in the late 1880s , is referred to only in the retrospective `` statement on the Female Question `` , published in 1904 ; Miss Black of London [ who must have been Clementina Black ] a lady who was well-known for her efforts to improve the social condition of her sex , offered to make an endeavour to organise the female compositors in Edinburgh , with a view to remedying the evils complained of by the journeymen .
although unfortunately details of the projects are tantalizingly hard to ascertain , at least two [tries] were made after 1888 by the edinburgh typographical society to set up a women 's union , the first , in the late 1880s , is referred to only in the retrospective `` statement on the female question `` , published in 1904 ; miss black of london [ who must have been clementina black ] a lady who was well-known for her efforts to improve the social condition of her sex , offered to make an endeavour to organise the female compositors in edinburgh , with a view to remedying the evils complained of by the journeymen .

Establish whether the patient smokes cigarettes or a pipe , the amount of tobacco taken daily and whether attempts have been made to give up or reduce consumption in previous attempts have been unsuccessful , offer advice and encouragement to help the patient stop smoking during the pre-operative period .
establish whether the patient smokes cigarettes or a pipe , the amount of tobacco taken daily and whether [tries] have been made to give up or reduce consumption in previous [tries] have been unsuccessful , offer advice and encouragement to help the patient stop smoking during the pre-operative period .

We may think here of schools ' attempts to improve buildings and equipment in order to accommodate proposed changes in the content or process of teaching .
we may think here of schools ' [tries] to improve buildings and equipment in order to accommodate proposed changes in the content or process of teaching .

At least two attempts have been made to specify the terms of reference of the panel , and on at least two occasions the membership has been reviewed specifically to bring in more active participants and give more clear direction to its efforts .
at least two [tries] have been made to specify the terms of reference of the panel , and on at least two occasions the membership has been reviewed specifically to bring in more active participants and give more clear direction to its efforts .

( d ) Unsuccessful attempts to persuade other teachers to give up a reserve lesson in order to supervise the library .
( d ) unsuccessful [tries] to persuade other teachers to give up a reserve lesson in order to supervise the library .

This will highlight some of the key issues raised during evaluation which relate to the effectiveness or otherwise of the schools ' attempts to achieve a practical realisation of their project proposals .
this will highlight some of the key issues raised during evaluation which relate to the effectiveness or otherwise of the schools ' [tries] to achieve a practical realisation of their project proposals .

As noted earlier , a number of attempts have been made to overcome the problems of those early days On more than one occasion `` new blood `` has been introduced in the form of teachers and others who were thought by the panel to have something to offer in fields with which the project was concerned .
as noted earlier , a number of [tries] have been made to overcome the problems of those early days on more than one occasion `` new blood `` has been introduced in the form of teachers and others who were thought by the panel to have something to offer in fields with which the project was concerned .

4 . What attempts are being made to ensure that the interests of women , minorities and the disabled are served ?
4 . what [tries] are being made to ensure that the interests of women , minorities and the disabled are served ?

It was very fast and wild and Peter and Jay , laughing , gave up their attempts at accompanying him .
it was very fast and wild and peter and jay , laughing , gave up their [tries] at accompanying him .

Fewer attempts are made to integrate or reconcile competing perspectives at an editorial level .
fewer [tries] are made to integrate or reconcile competing perspectives at an editorial level .

Hence the skittish spate of redesigns ( eg , The Guardian , The Sunday Telegraph magazine 7 Days ) — the panicky attempts to revive falling sales by going for a ‘ contemporary ’ , ‘ youthful ’ image aimed at recruiting new readers .
hence the skittish spate of redesigns ( eg , the guardian , the sunday telegraph magazine 7 days ) — the panicky [tries] to revive falling sales by going for a ‘ contemporary ’ , ‘ youthful ’ image aimed at recruiting new readers .

Time and again they seem to be reactions of weakness and fear , attempts to erect barricades to keep at bay the forces of the modern world .
time and again they seem to be reactions of weakness and fear , [tries] to erect barricades to keep at bay the forces of the modern world .

Gypsy brat turns tyrant , attempts to evict the workers , and falls for a pathetic roué .
gypsy brat turns tyrant , [tries] to evict the workers , and falls for a pathetic roué .

The author modestly attempts very little critical opinion of his own .
the author modestly [tries] very little critical opinion of his own .

Part way through the reconstructed Violin Concerto ( a realization which emerged only as recently as 1988 ) we experience a triumphant surge of spirit in the music as it quite literally attempts to shake off its chains .
part way through the reconstructed violin concerto ( a realization which emerged only as recently as 1988 ) we experience a triumphant surge of spirit in the music as it quite literally [tries] to shake off its chains .

These included , in particular instances , the muzzling of bulldogs , the prevention of impropriety on public beaches and early attempts at smoke abatement ( Keith-Lucas 1980 ) : 115 ) .
these included , in particular instances , the muzzling of bulldogs , the prevention of impropriety on public beaches and early [tries] at smoke abatement ( keith-lucas 1980 ) : 115 ) .

There were constant discussions , and some attempts to produce new proposals , but all foundered upon the entrenched conservatism of the existing authorities with respect to their boundaries .
there were constant discussions , and some [tries] to produce new proposals , but all foundered upon the entrenched conservatism of the existing authorities with respect to their boundaries .

The Borders also resisted Conservative attempts to gain control and Independent councillors retained their power ( Keating and Midwinter 1983:109 ) .
the borders also resisted conservative [tries] to gain control and independent councillors retained their power ( keating and midwinter 1983:109 ) .

Attempts to reduce all the factors to a common denominator through placing a monetary value upon them are riddled with uncertainty .
[tries] to reduce all the factors to a common denominator through placing a monetary value upon them are riddled with uncertainty .

Cost-benefit analysis attempts an answer to such questions , and can provide a helpful stimulus in comparing alternative courses of action , but it is costly and ultimately based upon value assumptions that are not always made clear to those who read the reports ( Self 1972:288 — 9 ) .
cost-benefit analysis [tries] an answer to such questions , and can provide a helpful stimulus in comparing alternative courses of action , but it is costly and ultimately based upon value assumptions that are not always made clear to those who read the reports ( self 1972:288 — 9 ) .

The subject is so complex , however , that attempts to move beyond the shallows of generalities into the deeper water of detail frequently leave the reader floundering .
the subject is so complex , however , that [tries] to move beyond the shallows of generalities into the deeper water of detail frequently leave the reader floundering .

Rates have their origin in attempts to share responsibility fairly among local residents for services provided in common .
rates have their origin in [tries] to share responsibility fairly among local residents for services provided in common .

Even more controversial were attempts to challenge the prevailing white male hegemony within local government .
even more controversial were [tries] to challenge the prevailing white male hegemony within local government .

Some people speak , and write , through a blur of adjectives as if they secretly knew that at heart of their hackneyed attempts to articulate is nothing .
some people speak , and write , through a blur of adjectives as if they secretly knew that at heart of their hackneyed [tries] to articulate is nothing .

She confesses to thinking more now about her social life , and marriage and children do n't seem quite so remote from her dreams but her temporal desires remain on the backburner still , sacrificed for a higher purpose : the music and anyone who attempts to dig for a Máire , a Sinéad , or a Mary Couglan should be arrested for indecency .
she confesses to thinking more now about her social life , and marriage and children do n't seem quite so remote from her dreams but her temporal desires remain on the backburner still , sacrificed for a higher purpose : the music and anyone who [tries] to dig for a máire , a sinéad , or a mary couglan should be arrested for indecency .

She loved him neither for his even disposition or vast estate — for neither could he offer — and saw him through many tempestuous years of attempts to influence bands and musicians to the floaty sounds that have now met such brilliant commercial success .
she loved him neither for his even disposition or vast estate — for neither could he offer — and saw him through many tempestuous years of [tries] to influence bands and musicians to the floaty sounds that have now met such brilliant commercial success .

One is the innovative adaptation by people to changed circumstances ; the other consists of conscious , concerted attempts by groups to influence behaviour .
one is the innovative adaptation by people to changed circumstances ; the other consists of conscious , concerted [tries] by groups to influence behaviour .

One aspect is the spontaneous adaptation by members of society to new circumstances ; another is the level of open attempts by groups to influence behaviour ; a third is the whole range of unintended consequences which benefit different groups unequally .
one aspect is the spontaneous adaptation by members of society to new circumstances ; another is the level of open [tries] by groups to influence behaviour ; a third is the whole range of unintended consequences which benefit different groups unequally .

Since the downfall of military regimes in South America and elsewhere provide clear evidence that no political structure relying solely on coercion can hope to survive for long , we should not be surprised to find that the most effective form of social control involves attempts not to crush opposition but to stop it arising in the first place : that is , by the control of people 's ideas , rather than of their actions .
since the downfall of military regimes in south america and elsewhere provide clear evidence that no political structure relying solely on coercion can hope to survive for long , we should not be surprised to find that the most effective form of social control involves [tries] not to crush opposition but to stop it arising in the first place : that is , by the control of people 's ideas , rather than of their actions .

Current attempts to promote more energetic competition and entrepreneurial risk swim against the dominant tide of upper-class values , which continue to be reproduced .
current [tries] to promote more energetic competition and entrepreneurial risk swim against the dominant tide of upper-class values , which continue to be reproduced .

Attempts to introduce information technology , which sometimes ‘ distorts the problem and does n't fit the solution ’ , failure to train management adequately for new challenges and promotion of export markets without addressing question of product quality , will only exacerbate Hungary 's predicament , not resolve it .
[tries] to introduce information technology , which sometimes ‘ distorts the problem and does n't fit the solution ’ , failure to train management adequately for new challenges and promotion of export markets without addressing question of product quality , will only exacerbate hungary 's predicament , not resolve it .

But that 's just the sort of costly stunt that the unconventional Richard Branson attempts when he 's not at the helm of his two highly successful businesses , music group Virgin and airline Virgin Atlantic .
but that 's just the sort of costly stunt that the unconventional richard branson [tries] when he 's not at the helm of his two highly successful businesses , music group virgin and airline virgin atlantic .

Many people , especially the Irish immigrants in Liverpool , lived in damp and ill-ventilated cellars ( 22 per cent in 1841 ) despite the attempts of local authorities to fill cellars with sand and gravel ( Ferguson 1964 ) .
many people , especially the irish immigrants in liverpool , lived in damp and ill-ventilated cellars ( 22 per cent in 1841 ) despite the [tries] of local authorities to fill cellars with sand and gravel ( ferguson 1964 ) .

Despite attempts to diminish the drain of people from the depressed areas the flow to the south continued .
despite [tries] to diminish the drain of people from the depressed areas the flow to the south continued .

These areas provided havens for gambling schools , and the police did not dare to venture there except in strength — when attempts to break up street-gambling , or to douse the high spirits of Bonfire Night could lead to violent eruptions .
these areas provided havens for gambling schools , and the police did not dare to venture there except in strength — when [tries] to break up street-gambling , or to douse the high spirits of bonfire night could lead to violent eruptions .

’ ‘ When he attempts to arrest disorderly persons who have the active sympathy of a crowd of roughs ’ , it added , ‘ a policeman 's lot is not a happy one .
’ ‘ when he [tries] to arrest disorderly persons who have the active sympathy of a crowd of roughs ’ , it added , ‘ a policeman 's lot is not a happy one .

For some years attempts had been made to prohibit the sale of firearms and a Pistols Bill had been presented to Parliament in 1893 .
for some years [tries] had been made to prohibit the sale of firearms and a pistols bill had been presented to parliament in 1893 .

Attempts to do this are far from new .
[tries] to do this are far from new .

Although it was difficult , in practice , to stop war from breaking out , serious attempts were made to control it by emphasising that only a war duly and properly declared by a soverign authority could be regarded as just .
although it was difficult , in practice , to stop war from breaking out , serious [tries] were made to control it by emphasising that only a war duly and properly declared by a soverign authority could be regarded as just .

One was the collection of anecdotes , culled from Greek and Roman history , which made points of military importance : armies should avoid having their backs to a river when confronting the enemy in battle ( Bertrand du Guesclin ignored this advice , with fatal results , at Nájera in April 1367 ) ; or , attempts should be made to manoeuvre armies so that the sun shone in the enemy 's eyes .
one was the collection of anecdotes , culled from greek and roman history , which made points of military importance : armies should avoid having their backs to a river when confronting the enemy in battle ( bertrand du guesclin ignored this advice , with fatal results , at nájera in april 1367 ) ; or , [tries] should be made to manoeuvre armies so that the sun shone in the enemy 's eyes .

Largely in the hope of preventing or deterring attempts at scaling , walls had traditionally been built high : thickness and solidity had been sacrificed to this need , for walls could not be both high and thick .
largely in the hope of preventing or deterring [tries] at scaling , walls had traditionally been built high : thickness and solidity had been sacrificed to this need , for walls could not be both high and thick .

We look at some of the main attempts to do so , spending most time on Kenneth Waltz 's systems account .
we look at some of the main [tries] to do so , spending most time on kenneth waltz 's systems account .

Attempts are made to compare and contrast the different perspectives , but there is no agreement on which is the most powerful theoretically .
[tries] are made to compare and contrast the different perspectives , but there is no agreement on which is the most powerful theoretically .

But , as we shall see next , attempts to translate an austerely simple empiricism into an austerely simple scientific method do not yield a satisfactory account of explanation .
but , as we shall see next , [tries] to translate an austerely simple empiricism into an austerely simple scientific method do not yield a satisfactory account of explanation .

‘ The science of society attempts the interpretative understanding of social action , ’ wrote Max Weber in the opening pages of Economy and Society .
‘ the science of society [tries] the interpretative understanding of social action , ’ wrote max weber in the opening pages of economy and society .

Attempts may be made to suppress it .
[tries] may be made to suppress it .

All the more so , because scholastic attempts to distinguish between the various religious denominations have deflected attention from the importance of the politically oriented Zealots .
all the more so , because scholastic [tries] to distinguish between the various religious denominations have deflected attention from the importance of the politically oriented zealots .

Nor did it ever completely disappear , despite repeated attempts to extirpate it .
nor did it ever completely disappear , despite repeated [tries] to extirpate it .

It was also transmitted south-westwards , into Egypt and along the coast of North Africa , where it would come into much more direct contact with the coalescing orthodoxy of Rome — and , despite Rome 's attempts to suppress it , exercise a more discernible influence on the evolution of Christianity in Western Europe .
it was also transmitted south-westwards , into egypt and along the coast of north africa , where it would come into much more direct contact with the coalescing orthodoxy of rome — and , despite rome 's [tries] to suppress it , exercise a more discernible influence on the evolution of christianity in western europe .

Practically all the interviewees had made at least one and frequently several attempts to come off .
practically all the interviewees had made at least one and frequently several [tries] to come off .

After several attempts at getting maintenance in Wirral , one user continued to obtain supplies of street heroin , financed by working and occasional dealing .
after several [tries] at getting maintenance in wirral , one user continued to obtain supplies of street heroin , financed by working and occasional dealing .

In practice rejection of requests is very rare ; examples reported to the 1977 Special Commission of the Hague Conference included attempts to serve documents on the monarch of the state of destination and to bring proceedings against judges or police chiefs .
in practice rejection of requests is very rare ; examples reported to the 1977 special commission of the hague conference included [tries] to serve documents on the monarch of the state of destination and to bring proceedings against judges or police chiefs .

In the Californian case of Quaranta v. Merlini , three attempts were made to serve documents on a defendant in Italy , trying three different addresses and two different names ; on each occasion the defendant could not be located or had already moved on .
in the californian case of quaranta v. merlini , three [tries] were made to serve documents on a defendant in italy , trying three different addresses and two different names ; on each occasion the defendant could not be located or had already moved on .

If the matters set out in Article 15 ( 1 ) are not established , the court will normally adjourn to allow either the gathering of further evidence or the making of fresh attempts to effect service .
if the matters set out in article 15 ( 1 ) are not established , the court will normally adjourn to allow either the gathering of further evidence or the making of fresh [tries] to effect service .

That scarcely encourages attempts to justify extra-territorial application of the principle .
that scarcely encourages [tries] to justify extra-territorial application of the principle .

Article 1(2) , excluding attempts to obtain evidence which is not intended for use in judicial proceedings , commenced or contemplated , is considered below in the context of pre-trial discovery .
article 1(2) , excluding [tries] to obtain evidence which is not intended for use in judicial proceedings , commenced or contemplated , is considered below in the context of pre-trial discovery .

The first attempts to identify how much difficulty a person has performing a specific task while the second approach considers whether help is received in order to undertake specific tasks .
the first [tries] to identify how much difficulty a person has performing a specific task while the second approach considers whether help is received in order to undertake specific tasks .

The above study is subject to several of the methodological and conceptual problems which surround attempts to quantify readmission rates .
the above study is subject to several of the methodological and conceptual problems which surround [tries] to quantify readmission rates .

In spite of attempts , from time to time , to re-establish the formlessness of ‘ real life ’ , in fiction , story exists almost always by courtesy of a ‘ shape ’ .
in spite of [tries] , from time to time , to re-establish the formlessness of ‘ real life ’ , in fiction , story exists almost always by courtesy of a ‘ shape ’ .

Mr Jones 's attempts to control the situation by speech , his speech forms being in all probability m the mode of command , are reported as leading amazingly rapidly to the offer of violence .
mr jones 's [tries] to control the situation by speech , his speech forms being in all probability m the mode of command , are reported as leading amazingly rapidly to the offer of violence .

Persistent attempts by fans to get out of such areas and into the opposition 's area is one of the most common reasons for their arrest or ejection from the ground .
persistent [tries] by fans to get out of such areas and into the opposition 's area is one of the most common reasons for their arrest or ejection from the ground .

At times the loneliness of her position has brought her to the edge of despair , so much so that she has made a number of suicide attempts , some more half-hearted than others .
at times the loneliness of her position has brought her to the edge of despair , so much so that she has made a number of suicide [tries] , some more half-hearted than others .

As her friend James Gilbey observes of her suicide attempts : ‘ They were messages of complete desperation .
as her friend james gilbey observes of her suicide [tries] : ‘ they were messages of complete desperation .

It should be emphasized that they were not serious attempts to take her life but cries for help .
it should be emphasized that they were not serious [tries] to take her life but cries for help .

Josef Mauer had been with the Austrian police for eighteen years , the last eleven as a sergeant stationed in Linz , but despite numerous attempts by his superior to change his mind he had never been interested in promotion , preferring the everyday excitement that came with riding the streets in a police car to struggling with a mound of paperwork in some closeted office .
josef mauer had been with the austrian police for eighteen years , the last eleven as a sergeant stationed in linz , but despite numerous [tries] by his superior to change his mind he had never been interested in promotion , preferring the everyday excitement that came with riding the streets in a police car to struggling with a mound of paperwork in some closeted office .

It took him three attempts to insert the key into the padlock .
it took him three [tries] to insert the key into the padlock .

Attempts have been made to classify the various ‘ schools ’ of economics and law ; but convenient though these are , it must be borne in mind that the effective use of any interdisciplinary approach varies significantly according to how , where , and why it is being applied .
[tries] have been made to classify the various ‘ schools ’ of economics and law ; but convenient though these are , it must be borne in mind that the effective use of any interdisciplinary approach varies significantly according to how , where , and why it is being applied .

In essence , therefore , he attempts to reveal the trade-offs between various competing goals .
in essence , therefore , he [tries] to reveal the trade-offs between various competing goals .

The approach can still be used with much profit when it attempts to emphasize ‘ those aspects of law that it has [ a ] comparative advantage in dealing with .
the approach can still be used with much profit when it [tries] to emphasize ‘ those aspects of law that it has [ a ] comparative advantage in dealing with .

At the same time , in their attempts to rearticulate these basic issues , feminists necessarily take over and use philosophical concepts already available — and in so doing they may import , entailed or entangled in apparently neutral concepts , implications which reiterate and reinforce the assumptions that are being challenged .
at the same time , in their [tries] to rearticulate these basic issues , feminists necessarily take over and use philosophical concepts already available — and in so doing they may import , entailed or entangled in apparently neutral concepts , implications which reiterate and reinforce the assumptions that are being challenged .

It could be objected at this point that all philosophy is critical , that all philosophical theory attempts to question , correct or overturn current orthodoxy and so that feminist philosophy is just philosophy , and there is nothing specifically feminist about it .
it could be objected at this point that all philosophy is critical , that all philosophical theory [tries] to question , correct or overturn current orthodoxy and so that feminist philosophy is just philosophy , and there is nothing specifically feminist about it .

Thus , analysing the attempt by political philosophers to justify the exclusion of women from public life on the grounds of their defective capacities ( either rational , moral or cognitive ) , she suggests that there is a hidden argument which takes the exclusion of women to be unquestionable and attempts to justify the status quo by seeking an explanation in the defective capacities that women must then be assumed to have .
thus , analysing the attempt by political philosophers to justify the exclusion of women from public life on the grounds of their defective capacities ( either rational , moral or cognitive ) , she suggests that there is a hidden argument which takes the exclusion of women to be unquestionable and [tries] to justify the status quo by seeking an explanation in the defective capacities that women must then be assumed to have .

In ethics , there have been attempts to incorporate or develop a women 's point of view , perceived as missing from mainstream theory .
in ethics , there have been [tries] to incorporate or develop a women 's point of view , perceived as missing from mainstream theory .

The Victorian middle class seems to have become entangled in a good deal of bad faith of this kind by its attempts to imitate an aristocratic life which it did not fully understand .
the victorian middle class seems to have become entangled in a good deal of bad faith of this kind by its [tries] to imitate an aristocratic life which it did not fully understand .

Because of its far-reaching effects on individual women 's lives , however , it is difficult not to see it as , on the contrary , a potent example of the weakness of an orthodox relativist view — a view , that is , which attempts , incoherently , to maintain the equal validity of all moral perspectives .
because of its far-reaching effects on individual women 's lives , however , it is difficult not to see it as , on the contrary , a potent example of the weakness of an orthodox relativist view — a view , that is , which [tries] , incoherently , to maintain the equal validity of all moral perspectives .

Skil has also used an antistall mechanism , which is claimed to prevent motor burn-out when the machine attempts to ‘ bite off more than it can chew ’ .
skil has also used an antistall mechanism , which is claimed to prevent motor burn-out when the machine [tries] to ‘ bite off more than it can chew ’ .

For three years , he stumbled nervously around the London comedy circuit with a ten-minute set which incorporated a few half decent gags and various attempts at making political statements with his dishevelled hair .
for three years , he stumbled nervously around the london comedy circuit with a ten-minute set which incorporated a few half decent gags and various [tries] at making political statements with his dishevelled hair .

His eyebrows reach for the ceiling and he actually attempts to answer the question , as only somebody who spent years in psychotherapy would .
his eyebrows reach for the ceiling and he actually [tries] to answer the question , as only somebody who spent years in psychotherapy would .

This section attempts to identify the major strengths and weaknesses of these two systems .
this section [tries] to identify the major strengths and weaknesses of these two systems .

The problems of physical shortages and the volume of highly liquid financial assets accumulated during the war ( high incomes during the war period , with few goods and services to be bought , led to high savings ) probably meant that attempts to regulate the economy by monetary means would have failed .
the problems of physical shortages and the volume of highly liquid financial assets accumulated during the war ( high incomes during the war period , with few goods and services to be bought , led to high savings ) probably meant that [tries] to regulate the economy by monetary means would have failed .

For example , in a debate on Unemployment Assistance in July 1938 , Clement Attlee described proposals for family allowances as attempts to keep down wages .
for example , in a debate on unemployment assistance in july 1938 , clement attlee described proposals for family allowances as [tries] to keep down wages .

Attempts to improve women 's opportunities and pay within the labour market can therefore only have a limited success as long as women within the family continue to undertake most of the work of caring .
[tries] to improve women 's opportunities and pay within the labour market can therefore only have a limited success as long as women within the family continue to undertake most of the work of caring .

Barbara Castle 's attempts to make women full citizens of the social insurance scheme , irrespective of their marital status , have had only limited success .
barbara castle 's [tries] to make women full citizens of the social insurance scheme , irrespective of their marital status , have had only limited success .

Sociologists and social anthropologists now have a clearer understanding of the nature of their propositions , seeing them as attempts to provide interpretative accounts of one social group 's ways of living to another group , which has a different set of values and assumptions .
sociologists and social anthropologists now have a clearer understanding of the nature of their propositions , seeing them as [tries] to provide interpretative accounts of one social group 's ways of living to another group , which has a different set of values and assumptions .

Knowledge of the neurotic afflictions of individuals has well served the understanding of the major social institutions , for the neuroses ultimately reveal themselves as attempts to solve , on an individual basis , the problems of wish compensation that ought to be solved socially by institutions .
knowledge of the neurotic afflictions of individuals has well served the understanding of the major social institutions , for the neuroses ultimately reveal themselves as [tries] to solve , on an individual basis , the problems of wish compensation that ought to be solved socially by institutions .

Numerous attempts have been made to stifle theories which some power-holders have found to be unpalatable but which have , over time , become more generally acceptable .
numerous [tries] have been made to stifle theories which some power-holders have found to be unpalatable but which have , over time , become more generally acceptable .

During the 1950s , Talcott Parsons made a series of attempts to integrate psychoanalytic theory into his social-action theory .
during the 1950s , talcott parsons made a series of [tries] to integrate psychoanalytic theory into his social-action theory .

The words used to make the feelings communicable to others from different cultures and sub-cultures are not attempts to turn emotions into intellectual propositions and to make them comprehensible in that sense .
the words used to make the feelings communicable to others from different cultures and sub-cultures are not [tries] to turn emotions into intellectual propositions and to make them comprehensible in that sense .

Freud attempts to give a psychoanalytic account of the state of the baby before the first object-relations begin , when the ego and the world are not differentiated .
freud [tries] to give a psychoanalytic account of the state of the baby before the first object-relations begin , when the ego and the world are not differentiated .

The positive reactions are attempts to re-create the trauma , to re-experience it , or to set up a relationship analogous to an earlier one .
the positive reactions are [tries] to re-create the trauma , to re-experience it , or to set up a relationship analogous to an earlier one .

This year he returned in April , in peak form , and succeeded on the climb after seven days of attempts spread over two weeks .
this year he returned in april , in peak form , and succeeded on the climb after seven days of [tries] spread over two weeks .

Two attempts to rescue him failed , but in July his former confessor Thomas Dunheved led a band which succeeded in freeing him .
two [tries] to rescue him failed , but in july his former confessor thomas dunheved led a band which succeeded in freeing him .

Past attempts to stop the tearaways have failed because in many cases they have not actually been breaking speed limits .
past [tries] to stop the tearaways have failed because in many cases they have not actually been breaking speed limits .

In 1986 , Sir Ranulph made the first of his four attempts with Dr Michael Stroud to reach the North Pole unsupported .
in 1986 , sir ranulph made the first of his four [tries] with dr michael stroud to reach the north pole unsupported .

In general , the only way by which you can become acquainted with the correspondence student is through the student 's attempts at solutions and possibly by questions on specific difficulties .
in general , the only way by which you can become acquainted with the correspondence student is through the student 's [tries] at solutions and possibly by questions on specific difficulties .

Students want a rapid return of tests for three reasons : they like to feel that they are not being neglected and that correcting their work is considered important by the tutors ; they want to see the result of their attempts while they are still fresh from their memories and they need to see the results of tests before attempting the next one , since tutors may well make comments which will help them to improve .
students want a rapid return of tests for three reasons : they like to feel that they are not being neglected and that correcting their work is considered important by the tutors ; they want to see the result of their [tries] while they are still fresh from their memories and they need to see the results of tests before attempting the next one , since tutors may well make comments which will help them to improve .

The following section attempts to clarify some of the more common areas where misunderstanding can occur .
the following section [tries] to clarify some of the more common areas where misunderstanding can occur .

It thus concerns itself solely with attempts to systematically evaluate the impact of an action , where the choice of action has been informed by reading .
it thus concerns itself solely with [tries] to systematically evaluate the impact of an action , where the choice of action has been informed by reading .

There is more and more evidence that members are expected to work more overtime ; with strong attempts by some Management not to pay members for overtime worked .
there is more and more evidence that members are expected to work more overtime ; with strong [tries] by some management not to pay members for overtime worked .

Three main reasons were given for the apparent lack of enthusiasm : board members found it difficult to spare additional time for this form of training ; they were doubtful of the ability of outside trainers to provide training in tune with local needs ; attempts by some education authorities to retain part of the training budget in order to supply such area sessions were seen by some members as demonstrating a lack of trust in the board 's ability to organise its own training .
three main reasons were given for the apparent lack of enthusiasm : board members found it difficult to spare additional time for this form of training ; they were doubtful of the ability of outside trainers to provide training in tune with local needs ; [tries] by some education authorities to retain part of the training budget in order to supply such area sessions were seen by some members as demonstrating a lack of trust in the board 's ability to organise its own training .

This review attempts to catalogue the mechanisms available to such firms in their efforts to reduce risk , ensure payment and secure adequate finance .
this review [tries] to catalogue the mechanisms available to such firms in their efforts to reduce risk , ensure payment and secure adequate finance .

Most of the articles focus on the social and personal circumstances of pupils , reaching towards elusive but crucial contexts which contribute to increasing understanding but which can be lost behind statistics and attempts to categorise information .
most of the articles focus on the social and personal circumstances of pupils , reaching towards elusive but crucial contexts which contribute to increasing understanding but which can be lost behind statistics and [tries] to categorise information .

This is another problem which surfaced from engineering attempts , but also makes itself evident in authorial blunders — the civil defence poster caption ‘ When a hand-grenade lands near by , do n't lose your head .
this is another problem which surfaced from engineering [tries] , but also makes itself evident in authorial blunders — the civil defence poster caption ‘ when a hand-grenade lands near by , do n't lose your head .

Parents , could , and did , play the system , changing excuses and even changing schools in response to attempts by the school to improve attendance .
parents , could , and did , play the system , changing excuses and even changing schools in response to [tries] by the school to improve attendance .

The rotting leaves on the ground softened their footsteps , only the buzzing of flies and George 's hoarse attempts to whistle broke the silence .
the rotting leaves on the ground softened their footsteps , only the buzzing of flies and george 's hoarse [tries] to whistle broke the silence .

He tried it for a day , but grew bored with museums and heavy concentration , and their clumsy attempts to pick up girls ; he returned to the room during the day when they were out .
he tried it for a day , but grew bored with museums and heavy concentration , and their clumsy [tries] to pick up girls ; he returned to the room during the day when they were out .

His attempts to break free had failed .
his [tries] to break free had failed .

The snow had covered the nomes ' sad attempts at cultivation .
the snow had covered the nomes ' sad [tries] at cultivation .

’ She treated coldly all attempts to dab the scent on her own sleeve , rejected any suggestion that it could suitably be tried out on Owen and Mahmoud , and insisted that it be tested on a woman , an assistant , perhaps , or , preferably , the shopkeeper 's wife , a suggestion which , with its hint of superiority , would have had shopkeepers in the more Westernized parts of the city grovelling but was treated simply commercially in the bazaar .
’ she treated coldly all [tries] to dab the scent on her own sleeve , rejected any suggestion that it could suitably be tried out on owen and mahmoud , and insisted that it be tested on a woman , an assistant , perhaps , or , preferably , the shopkeeper 's wife , a suggestion which , with its hint of superiority , would have had shopkeepers in the more westernized parts of the city grovelling but was treated simply commercially in the bazaar .

Mahmoud detested everything that Nuri stood for : the old , near-feudal Egypt , with its hereditary great landlords , of whom Nuri was one ; court-based politics , in which Nuri was adept ; the power of the old order to block and frustrate all attempts at reform .
mahmoud detested everything that nuri stood for : the old , near-feudal egypt , with its hereditary great landlords , of whom nuri was one ; court-based politics , in which nuri was adept ; the power of the old order to block and frustrate all [tries] at reform .

There are two important aspects of the emergence of the binary policy and the concentration of a significant proportion of advanced level work in polytechnics — attempts to explain the policy and its philosophy , and responses to it .
there are two important aspects of the emergence of the binary policy and the concentration of a significant proportion of advanced level work in polytechnics — [tries] to explain the policy and its philosophy , and responses to it .

But the moment the military dictatorship resorted to armed aggression against British subjects the radical student protester , who cared for nothing but his ideals and for justice , freedom and equality , unhesitatingly sided with the invaders and began to protest , not against them , but against his own government 's attempts to restore the freedom , democratic rights and civil liberty of those who had lost them !
but the moment the military dictatorship resorted to armed aggression against british subjects the radical student protester , who cared for nothing but his ideals and for justice , freedom and equality , unhesitatingly sided with the invaders and began to protest , not against them , but against his own government 's [tries] to restore the freedom , democratic rights and civil liberty of those who had lost them !

Certainly , the social psychoanalysis of the oral aspects of the cultural superego seems far easier than the corresponding attempts to analyse pre-Oedipal oral superego elements in the development of the child where the crucial phenomena have occurred long before the acquisition of language , and where analytic ‘ reconstructions ’ are more likely to reflect the theoretical expectations of the analyst than they do the reality .
certainly , the social psychoanalysis of the oral aspects of the cultural superego seems far easier than the corresponding [tries] to analyse pre-oedipal oral superego elements in the development of the child where the crucial phenomena have occurred long before the acquisition of language , and where analytic ‘ reconstructions ’ are more likely to reflect the theoretical expectations of the analyst than they do the reality .

As you will no doubt have already discovered , this decision is not made easier as each university attempts to lure you through its portals with its glossy prospectus .
as you will no doubt have already discovered , this decision is not made easier as each university [tries] to lure you through its portals with its glossy prospectus .

‘ Funnily enough , Gooseneck says that the only votes in his time were attempts to oust Fagg , but the majority of white balls was so immense that the opposition seems to have got discouraged and given up . ’
‘ funnily enough , gooseneck says that the only votes in his time were [tries] to oust fagg , but the majority of white balls was so immense that the opposition seems to have got discouraged and given up . ’

There have been very few direct attempts to assess the significance of corporatism for the administrative branch of the state .
there have been very few direct [tries] to assess the significance of corporatism for the administrative branch of the state .

Bureaucratic power has thus been a reference point for many outside observers of the Soviet Union , in particular , in their attempts to identify the distinctive nature of communist political systems ( Lane 1978 , Ch .
bureaucratic power has thus been a reference point for many outside observers of the soviet union , in particular , in their [tries] to identify the distinctive nature of communist political systems ( lane 1978 , ch .

Attempts have also been made in the Soviet Union to strengthen democratic control of administration by augmenting the authority of elected deputies to exercise an ombudsman-like role ( Hill , Dunmore and Dawisha 1981 , p. 213 ) .
[tries] have also been made in the soviet union to strengthen democratic control of administration by augmenting the authority of elected deputies to exercise an ombudsman-like role ( hill , dunmore and dawisha 1981 , p. 213 ) .

When the form of socialism is that found in the Soviet Union and most Eastern European states , with different social and economic organizations integrated into a single , state-wide organization , society is ruled by an apparatus which is largely bureaucratic and which attempts to integrate all collective activities .
when the form of socialism is that found in the soviet union and most eastern european states , with different social and economic organizations integrated into a single , state-wide organization , society is ruled by an apparatus which is largely bureaucratic and which [tries] to integrate all collective activities .

The immense significance of the bureaucracy , politically , economically and socially , in the political systems of countries in the Third World has produced a variety of attempts to explain this phenomenon , including a theory of the post-colonial state which relates the pivotal position of the bureaucracy to the unique role of the state in conditions of underdevelopment ( Hirschmann 1981 ) .
the immense significance of the bureaucracy , politically , economically and socially , in the political systems of countries in the third world has produced a variety of [tries] to explain this phenomenon , including a theory of the post-colonial state which relates the pivotal position of the bureaucracy to the unique role of the state in conditions of underdevelopment ( hirschmann 1981 ) .

They are the desired state of affairs which the organization attempts to realize .
they are the desired state of affairs which the organization [tries] to realize .

The Human Relations movement of Mayo and his colleagues based on the Hawthorne Studies and Mayo 's wartime research into absenteeism and labour turnover , attempts to preserve a Taylorist division of labour through new forms of persuasion ( Clegg 1979 , pp .
the human relations movement of mayo and his colleagues based on the hawthorne studies and mayo 's wartime research into absenteeism and labour turnover , [tries] to preserve a taylorist division of labour through new forms of persuasion ( clegg 1979 , pp .

One of the earliest and most influential attempts to relate forms of organization to wider patterns of social relations was Max Weber 's analysis of different types of belief in the legitimacy of domination ( i.e .
one of the earliest and most influential [tries] to relate forms of organization to wider patterns of social relations was max weber 's analysis of different types of belief in the legitimacy of domination ( i.e .

The only constraint on attempts to acquire a larger budget is that it would cost more than the total value to the politicians of the service , the value of additional output being zero .
the only constraint on [tries] to acquire a larger budget is that it would cost more than the total value to the politicians of the service , the value of additional output being zero .

He blamed himself for crediting her with a maturity she did not possess , and regretted that his attempts to assist her studies had been so tragically misinterpreted by her .
he blamed himself for crediting her with a maturity she did not possess , and regretted that his [tries] to assist her studies had been so tragically misinterpreted by her .

It was just like Tracey to take unfair advantage of her attempts to remain on friendly terms with him .
it was just like tracey to take unfair advantage of her [tries] to remain on friendly terms with him .

We can not ignore the nation-state , but this book attempts to offer in addition a conception of the global system based on transnational practices ( TNPs ) .
we can not ignore the nation-state , but this book [tries] to offer in addition a conception of the global system based on transnational practices ( tnps ) .

This theory is partly derived from Max Weber 's attempts to relate the rise of capitalism ( the epitome of modern society ) with the Protestant ethic and to show how other different belief systems ( like the religions of the Orient ) inhibited the rise of modern society .
this theory is partly derived from max weber 's [tries] to relate the rise of capitalism ( the epitome of modern society ) with the protestant ethic and to show how other different belief systems ( like the religions of the orient ) inhibited the rise of modern society .

Marx did not himself create a systematic theory of the global system , though his work certainly guided Lenin and others in their attempts to construct a theory of imperialism .
marx did not himself create a systematic theory of the global system , though his work certainly guided lenin and others in their [tries] to construct a theory of imperialism .

The very idea of the ‘ comprador bourgeoisie , ’ central to the dependency approach , appears to have fallen into disuse in recent years and there have been various attempts to reconceptualize what it refers to .
the very idea of the ‘ comprador bourgeoisie , ’ central to the dependency approach , appears to have fallen into disuse in recent years and there have been various [tries] to reconceptualize what it refers to .

There have , however , been some attempts to go beyond this and to develop conceptions of TNCs not as representatives of the power of the state , as tends to happen within state-centrist analyses , but as independent of and even , on occasion , opponents of the state .
there have , however , been some [tries] to go beyond this and to develop conceptions of tncs not as representatives of the power of the state , as tends to happen within state-centrist analyses , but as independent of and even , on occasion , opponents of the state .

Transnational corporations , transnational capitalist classes and the culture-ideology of consumerism are all seen as evil attempts to undermine the freedom and cultural autonomy of weak and poor victims , or the only true paths to development and the only reliable vehicles for releasing the poor from their misery .
transnational corporations , transnational capitalist classes and the culture-ideology of consumerism are all seen as evil [tries] to undermine the freedom and cultural autonomy of weak and poor victims , or the only true paths to development and the only reliable vehicles for releasing the poor from their misery .

Attempts were made to measure the relative contribution to the overall metabolism of mucosa , lamina propria , and muscularis layers .
[tries] were made to measure the relative contribution to the overall metabolism of mucosa , lamina propria , and muscularis layers .

With regard to the modest intestinal permeability test-intestinal morphometry relationship , it should be noted that previous attempts to correlate the intestinal permeability test results with jejunal histology have given conflicting results in patients with and without coeliac disease .
with regard to the modest intestinal permeability test-intestinal morphometry relationship , it should be noted that previous [tries] to correlate the intestinal permeability test results with jejunal histology have given conflicting results in patients with and without coeliac disease .

His help was called for in purely local matters , such as the corporation 's attempts to clear fishgarths from the Ouse , but he also pressed the city 's claims at court , and in 1476 was credited with the preservation of York 's liberties by his great labour to the king .
his help was called for in purely local matters , such as the corporation 's [tries] to clear fishgarths from the ouse , but he also pressed the city 's claims at court , and in 1476 was credited with the preservation of york 's liberties by his great labour to the king .

This then presents the entire period from May to mid June as a slippery slope down which Gloucester plunged , his attempts to achieve security committing him to progressively more desperate measures .
this then presents the entire period from may to mid june as a slippery slope down which gloucester plunged , his [tries] to achieve security committing him to progressively more desperate measures .

Whatever one 's interpretation of these events , however , attempts to explain away the chronological oddity of the attack on Hastings should not be allowed to obscure the fact that in practice it did not stop Richard taking control of the duke of York .
whatever one 's interpretation of these events , however , [tries] to explain away the chronological oddity of the attack on hastings should not be allowed to obscure the fact that in practice it did not stop richard taking control of the duke of york .

Attempts to examine survival and replacement rates in rural society and in towns other than London have made it clear that conclusions can at best be tentative .
[tries] to examine survival and replacement rates in rural society and in towns other than london have made it clear that conclusions can at best be tentative .

The results of the changed balance are more certain ; there were attempts at repressing wages by law , and this may have contributed to the outbreak of the Great Revolt of 1381 ( Ch.3 ) .
the results of the changed balance are more certain ; there were [tries] at repressing wages by law , and this may have contributed to the outbreak of the great revolt of 1381 ( ch.3 ) .

If even attempts to improve the standard of estate management did not raise the level of the returns ( and the study of the Talbot Whitchurch estates suggests that these were more affected by the underlying economic conditions than by the standard of management ) , the only prospect for a lord was to seek some supplementary income beyond that of his estates .
if even [tries] to improve the standard of estate management did not raise the level of the returns ( and the study of the talbot whitchurch estates suggests that these were more affected by the underlying economic conditions than by the standard of management ) , the only prospect for a lord was to seek some supplementary income beyond that of his estates .

Attempts to trace the background even of Tyler have petered out through lack of definite evidence .
[tries] to trace the background even of tyler have petered out through lack of definite evidence .

Alone among recent writers , Hilton suggests that the rising may have deterred the ruling class from further local attempts at repression ( 78 , pp.231–2 ) .
alone among recent writers , hilton suggests that the rising may have deterred the ruling class from further local [tries] at repression ( 78 , pp.231–2 ) .

An example of the practical working of the economic balance of power can be seen on the estates of the bishopric of Worcester , where the peasants were able to nullify their lord 's attempts at coercion by simply refusing to pay the sums demanded .
an example of the practical working of the economic balance of power can be seen on the estates of the bishopric of worcester , where the peasants were able to nullify their lord 's [tries] at coercion by simply refusing to pay the sums demanded .

Where a large number of the villagers were freeholders , they could more easily resist the lord 's attempts at enclosure than where their numbers were low .
where a large number of the villagers were freeholders , they could more easily resist the lord 's [tries] at enclosure than where their numbers were low .

Indeed between 1512 and 1519 some attempts were made to sink new mines , presumably to meet demand , but this expansion was followed by contraction during the general European crisis of 1521–26 .
indeed between 1512 and 1519 some [tries] were made to sink new mines , presumably to meet demand , but this expansion was followed by contraction during the general european crisis of 1521–26 .

The port principally connected with this was Bristol , and it may have been the existence of surplus tonnage that led its seamen to turn their attention to new ventures in the fifteenth century , including both attempts to penetrate the Mediterranean trade and the later voyages into the Atlantic .
the port principally connected with this was bristol , and it may have been the existence of surplus tonnage that led its seamen to turn their attention to new ventures in the fifteenth century , including both [tries] to penetrate the mediterranean trade and the later voyages into the atlantic .

Figure 1 also attempts to represent geometric means by columns , which makes no scientific sense .
figure 1 also [tries] to represent geometric means by columns , which makes no scientific sense .

Several attempts either to increase the efficacy of plasminogen activators or to reduce their clearance have been undertaken .
several [tries] either to increase the efficacy of plasminogen activators or to reduce their clearance have been undertaken .

He had made 2 previous attempts to commit suicide .
he had made 2 previous [tries] to commit suicide .

The history of obstetrics and gynaecology is littered with half-baked attempts by leading ( male ) members of the medical profession to blame women for involuntary childlessness .
the history of obstetrics and gynaecology is littered with half-baked [tries] by leading ( male ) members of the medical profession to blame women for involuntary childlessness .

Impulse control difficulties , such as self-mutilation , suicide attempts , and stealing , are reported in a subgroup of anorexia nervosa patients , especially those with purging and/or bulimic symptoms .
impulse control difficulties , such as self-mutilation , suicide [tries] , and stealing , are reported in a subgroup of anorexia nervosa patients , especially those with purging and/or bulimic symptoms .

Deriving their influence from establishing a relationship of trust while remaining firm in countering attempts to avoid treatment , skilled nurses have an unique contribution to make .
deriving their influence from establishing a relationship of trust while remaining firm in countering [tries] to avoid treatment , skilled nurses have an unique contribution to make .

Starvation confers a spurious sense of control over impending bodily changes , while the ‘ pathogenic secret ’ is often related to sexual or physical misuse , which resulted in the intense sense of shame that the patient attempts to assuage by losing weight .
starvation confers a spurious sense of control over impending bodily changes , while the ‘ pathogenic secret ’ is often related to sexual or physical misuse , which resulted in the intense sense of shame that the patient [tries] to assuage by losing weight .

The middle panel of the table attempts to distinguish the distribution of income from the distribution of wealth .
the middle panel of the table [tries] to distinguish the distribution of income from the distribution of wealth .

Attempts to trade on the location of the short-run Phillips curves means the equilibria that governments try to engineer are successively found at 1 , 2 and 3 , assuming that incorporates the initially expected inflation rate .
[tries] to trade on the location of the short-run phillips curves means the equilibria that governments try to engineer are successively found at 1 , 2 and 3 , assuming that incorporates the initially expected inflation rate .

Trade union bargaining and other attempts to ‘ catch up ’ with reality serve only to raise inflation ( and unemployment ) until point 3 is achieved and expected and actual inflation rates coincide .
trade union bargaining and other [tries] to ‘ catch up ’ with reality serve only to raise inflation ( and unemployment ) until point 3 is achieved and expected and actual inflation rates coincide .

They followed the saga of France 's panic and Mussolini 's attempts to backslide from dribs and snippets , and hung around the bars and tea-rooms as Chamberlain 's new statement was announced and postponed twice .
they followed the saga of france 's panic and mussolini 's [tries] to backslide from dribs and snippets , and hung around the bars and tea-rooms as chamberlain 's new statement was announced and postponed twice .

The copper map had evidently been fastened to the concrete plinth through the medium of some nineteen-thirties metallurgical technology which is sadly lost to us today , because it ruggedly defied even the most enterprising attempts to prise it free and bear it off to the smelting pot .
the copper map had evidently been fastened to the concrete plinth through the medium of some nineteen-thirties metallurgical technology which is sadly lost to us today , because it ruggedly defied even the most enterprising [tries] to prise it free and bear it off to the smelting pot .

Many attempts have been made to tame the Biro , or at least bring it to heel .
many [tries] have been made to tame the biro , or at least bring it to heel .

All his attempts to organize street parties , coach outings and singalongs in the local pubs ended in abject failure .
all his [tries] to organize street parties , coach outings and singalongs in the local pubs ended in abject failure .

’ The old lady dismissed my pathetic attempts at logic .
’ the old lady dismissed my pathetic [tries] at logic .

John Fordham describes the latest attempts to relieve Alexandra Palace of the jinx which has dogged it since its opening 116 years ago .
john fordham describes the latest [tries] to relieve alexandra palace of the jinx which has dogged it since its opening 116 years ago .

They related to attempts to control society through mass organisations and attempts to bring industry and the economy within the framework of a Fascist , Nazi state .
they related to [tries] to control society through mass organisations and [tries] to bring industry and the economy within the framework of a fascist , nazi state .

Through the population policies of Fascist Italy and Nazi Germany we can recognise broader aspects of social policy relating to the economy and the creation of a disciplined mass society with the states attempts to repress and coerce the population at the same time .
through the population policies of fascist italy and nazi germany we can recognise broader aspects of social policy relating to the economy and the creation of a disciplined mass society with the states [tries] to repress and coerce the population at the same time .

Fascist attempts to create mass classless and disciplined society , maintained and sometimes exacerbated traditional social divisions .
fascist [tries] to create mass classless and disciplined society , maintained and sometimes exacerbated traditional social divisions .

Further attempts to fight the fire were abandoned as thick acrid smoke filled the department .
further [tries] to fight the fire were abandoned as thick acrid smoke filled the department .

And in terms of unity there is n't a very good chance of unity with British feminists right now in this country because whenever we start discussing our issues , out comes the racism , out comes the attempts to monopolise our struggle .
and in terms of unity there is n't a very good chance of unity with british feminists right now in this country because whenever we start discussing our issues , out comes the racism , out comes the [tries] to monopolise our struggle .

Ms Washington shows the Afro-american woman writer as an insistent voice raised against the conditions and stereotyping of Black people , while fighting sexist condescension and attempts at silencing her not only from the white literary establishment but from Black male critics as well .
ms washington shows the afro-american woman writer as an insistent voice raised against the conditions and stereotyping of black people , while fighting sexist condescension and [tries] at silencing her not only from the white literary establishment but from black male critics as well .

It 's fun to see the no-nonsense , motor-bike-riding heroine beating up on the men in true fantasy-heroic style , but her attempts to encourage her young protege in self-defence end in disaster , making the messages it gives out totally confused and its solutions seeming no more realistic than Ms 45 storing her rapist in the fridge and blowing male scum off the street .
it 's fun to see the no-nonsense , motor-bike-riding heroine beating up on the men in true fantasy-heroic style , but her [tries] to encourage her young protege in self-defence end in disaster , making the messages it gives out totally confused and its solutions seeming no more realistic than ms 45 storing her rapist in the fridge and blowing male scum off the street .

Eggs were stolen , the nest blew from its tree in a gale , attempts were made by vandals to cut down and to burn the nesting tree at Loch Garten .
eggs were stolen , the nest blew from its tree in a gale , [tries] were made by vandals to cut down and to burn the nesting tree at loch garten .

On May 21 one of the most senior members of the federal Cabinet , Lucien Bouchard , a native of Quebec , resigned as Environment Minister because of the continued opposition to Meech Lake and because of alleged government attempts to dilute the `` distinct society `` clause .
on may 21 one of the most senior members of the federal cabinet , lucien bouchard , a native of quebec , resigned as environment minister because of the continued opposition to meech lake and because of alleged government [tries] to dilute the `` distinct society `` clause .

After four attempts to elect a Chair of the Ukrainian Council of Ministers , the outgoing holder of the post , Vitaly Masol , was re-elected on June 28 , despite having been blamed by some deputies during the election debate for the Ukraine 's current economic problems .
after four [tries] to elect a chair of the ukrainian council of ministers , the outgoing holder of the post , vitaly masol , was re-elected on june 28 , despite having been blamed by some deputies during the election debate for the ukraine 's current economic problems .

Despite attempts to bring the two sides together for peace talks , rebel action against the civilian population continued .
despite [tries] to bring the two sides together for peace talks , rebel action against the civilian population continued .

Attempts to " cool " the economy were made partly for fear of rising inflation ; in October 1989 the Finance Minister , Daim Zainuddin , acknowledged that rapid economic expansion had fuelled inflation from 2.5 per cent in 1988 to 4 per cent in 1989 with only a marginal change expected in 1990 .
[tries] to " cool " the economy were made partly for fear of rising inflation ; in october 1989 the finance minister , daim zainuddin , acknowledged that rapid economic expansion had fuelled inflation from 2.5 per cent in 1988 to 4 per cent in 1989 with only a marginal change expected in 1990 .

Fears of religious extremism were also revived by calls to turn the 6th century cathedral of St Sophia , converted into a mosque in 1453 and a museum since 1934 , into a mosque once more , and by attempts in April 1989 to introduce segregated bus services for women students in the city of Konya , 220 km south of Ankara , where fundamentalists controlled the local council .
fears of religious extremism were also revived by calls to turn the 6th century cathedral of st sophia , converted into a mosque in 1453 and a museum since 1934 , into a mosque once more , and by [tries] in april 1989 to introduce segregated bus services for women students in the city of konya , 220 km south of ankara , where fundamentalists controlled the local council .

In his inaugural speech Kim stated that his government would adhere to its commitment to socialism despite `` temporary setbacks `` , and he rejected attempts to solve socialist problems by adopting capitalist methods , describing this as a recipe for `` confusion `` .
in his inaugural speech kim stated that his government would adhere to its commitment to socialism despite `` temporary setbacks `` , and he rejected [tries] to solve socialist problems by adopting capitalist methods , describing this as a recipe for `` confusion `` .

Constituent session of Russian Congress — Three attempts at electing President
constituent session of russian congress — three [tries] at electing president

He criticized `` irrational nationalistic blindness `` , and in a scarcely veiled attack on the introduction of multiparty systems in Slovenia and Croatia he complained that the process of drawing up a new federal constitution and a legal framework for democratization was being jeopardized by `` autonomous attempts `` at constitutional reform .
he criticized `` irrational nationalistic blindness `` , and in a scarcely veiled attack on the introduction of multiparty systems in slovenia and croatia he complained that the process of drawing up a new federal constitution and a legal framework for democratization was being jeopardized by `` autonomous [tries] `` at constitutional reform .

He had received numerous death threats from Sendero Luminoso and from the Rodrigo Franco Commandos since being elected in 1986 and had escaped three assassination attempts , and his house had been bombed several times in 1989 .
he had received numerous death threats from sendero luminoso and from the rodrigo franco commandos since being elected in 1986 and had escaped three assassination [tries] , and his house had been bombed several times in 1989 .

It noted that the authorities had failed to investigate the six previous attempts on the life of Francisco `` Chico `` Mendes , the peasant union leader and ecological campaigner who was finally murdered on Dec. 22 , 1988 , in the Amazonian town of Xapuri [ see p. 36459 ] .
it noted that the authorities had failed to investigate the six previous [tries] on the life of francisco `` chico `` mendes , the peasant union leader and ecological campaigner who was finally murdered on dec. 22 , 1988 , in the amazonian town of xapuri [ see p. 36459 ] .

During 1989 and the first part of 1990 Pasok 's standing was seriously undermined by a number of scandals , as attempts were made to uncover the full extent of corruption during the period of Pasok government .
during 1989 and the first part of 1990 pasok 's standing was seriously undermined by a number of scandals , as [tries] were made to uncover the full extent of corruption during the period of pasok government .

However , the central committee declared that it could not ignore `` attempts being made by certain people to lead the party away from the strategic course it has adopted and , if this does not succeed , to provoke a split in it `` .
however , the central committee declared that it could not ignore `` [tries] being made by certain people to lead the party away from the strategic course it has adopted and , if this does not succeed , to provoke a split in it `` .

Principal developments in Somalia from mid-1989 [ see p. 36757 for events to that date ] continued to be dominated by the civil war , the regime 's attempts to establish some dialogue with opposition forces on its own terms , and allegations of human rights abuses [ see pp. 36806 ; 37113-14 ; 37174 ] .
principal developments in somalia from mid-1989 [ see p. 36757 for events to that date ] continued to be dominated by the civil war , the regime 's [tries] to establish some dialogue with opposition forces on its own terms , and allegations of human rights abuses [ see pp. 36806 ; 37113-14 ; 37174 ] .

The party leader , Pastor Richard Andriamanjato , said that the move was in protest at attempts by Arema to sabotage AKFM-Renewal .
the party leader , pastor richard andriamanjato , said that the move was in protest at [tries] by arema to sabotage akfm-renewal .

Debate over attempts to limit the number of appeals allowed to prisoners on death row in order to speed up executions affected both courts and Congress following the recommendation of a special five-judge judicial committee in September 1989 that the federal law be amended to allow states the option of permitting prisoners only one round of appeals .
debate over [tries] to limit the number of appeals allowed to prisoners on death row in order to speed up executions affected both courts and congress following the recommendation of a special five-judge judicial committee in september 1989 that the federal law be amended to allow states the option of permitting prisoners only one round of appeals .

On Jan. 26 , 1990 , in New York , federal court Judge Leonard Sand overruled attempts by New York City to ban begging .
on jan. 26 , 1990 , in new york , federal court judge leonard sand overruled [tries] by new york city to ban begging .

The plutonium-powered scientific space probe Galileo , whose launch had been delayed by 11 days due to a combination of technical faults and attempts by anti-nuclear activists to gain a court injunction to ground it , was launched on Oct. 17 , 1989 , aboard the space shuttle Atlantis .
the plutonium-powered scientific space probe galileo , whose launch had been delayed by 11 days due to a combination of technical faults and [tries] by anti-nuclear activists to gain a court injunction to ground it , was launched on oct. 17 , 1989 , aboard the space shuttle atlantis .

After visiting Uganda , Ethiopia , Kenya ( where he was outspoken about Western governments ' attempts to pressurize African countries into hastening the pace of political reform ) and Mozambique , Mandela returned to South Africa on July 18 .
after visiting uganda , ethiopia , kenya ( where he was outspoken about western governments ' [tries] to pressurize african countries into hastening the pace of political reform ) and mozambique , mandela returned to south africa on july 18 .

Government attempts to suppress pro-democracy campaign
government [tries] to suppress pro-democracy campaign

The dramatic July developments were triggered by the government 's attempts to use its new legislative majority to circumvent normal procedure and enact a series of controversial measures prior to the conclusion of the current legislative session in late July .
the dramatic july developments were triggered by the government 's [tries] to use its new legislative majority to circumvent normal procedure and enact a series of controversial measures prior to the conclusion of the current legislative session in late july .

Attempts by Ratu Sir Penaia when Governor General to ensure a return to civilian rule were dashed when Rabuka staged a second coup later in the year with the specific aim of revising the Constitution in order to guarantee power for the ethnic Melanesians .
[tries] by ratu sir penaia when governor general to ensure a return to civilian rule were dashed when rabuka staged a second coup later in the year with the specific aim of revising the constitution in order to guarantee power for the ethnic melanesians .

Opposition sources also claimed that there were two assassination attempts against Kadhafi in 1989 , including one during the visit in March by President Assad of Syria ( for which see p. 37101 ) .
opposition sources also claimed that there were two assassination [tries] against kadhafi in 1989 , including one during the visit in march by president assad of syria ( for which see p. 37101 ) .

Between June 9 and Aug. 31 there were five other hijackings of Soviet domestic flights ( three to Stockholm and two to Helsinki ) and nine unsuccessful hijack attempts .
between june 9 and aug. 31 there were five other hijackings of soviet domestic flights ( three to stockholm and two to helsinki ) and nine unsuccessful hijack [tries] .

Several attempts were made within the ranks of the French right to establish a united movement which would appeal to the electorate .
several [tries] were made within the ranks of the french right to establish a united movement which would appeal to the electorate .

There were several attempts at organizing a non-socialist , centre-left wing within the Presidential Majority .
there were several [tries] at organizing a non-socialist , centre-left wing within the presidential majority .

Iraqi attempts to establish " linkage " with wider Middle East issues — Calls for holy war — Iranian position
iraqi [tries] to establish " linkage " with wider middle east issues — calls for holy war — iranian position

These were ( i ) the release of South Korean dissidents imprisoned for making unauthorized visits to the North ; ( ii ) termination of the annual South Korean-US `` Team Spirit `` military exercises ; and ( iii ) an end to South Korea 's attempts to achieve unilateral entry to the United Nations .
these were ( i ) the release of south korean dissidents imprisoned for making unauthorized visits to the north ; ( ii ) termination of the annual south korean-us `` team spirit `` military exercises ; and ( iii ) an end to south korea 's [tries] to achieve unilateral entry to the united nations .

He proved particulary adept at evading all attempts to elicit his views on the constitutionality of abortion .
he proved particulary adept at evading all [tries] to elicit his views on the constitutionality of abortion .

Publication of book by former Mossad employee — Government attempts to halt publication in Canada and United States
publication of book by former mossad employee — government [tries] to halt publication in canada and united states

During the early months of 1990 Avril 's response to the growing opposition had included attempts to suppress it through the imposition in January of a `` state of siege `` , followed by efforts to defuse it through the promise of free elections [ see p. 37182 ] .
during the early months of 1990 avril 's response to the growing opposition had included [tries] to suppress it through the imposition in january of a `` state of siege `` , followed by efforts to defuse it through the promise of free elections [ see p. 37182 ] .

Human rights — Attempts at negotiation with China
human rights — [tries] at negotiation with china

The changes were greeted with dismay by extreme right-wingers , giving rise to fears of a right-wing backlash in response to de Klerk 's attempts at reform .
the changes were greeted with dismay by extreme right-wingers , giving rise to fears of a right-wing backlash in response to de klerk 's [tries] at reform .

His links with pro-Marcos supporters and right-wing elements within the military meant that he was frequently accused of involvement in the repeated coup attempts against the Aquino government .
his links with pro-marcos supporters and right-wing elements within the military meant that he was frequently accused of involvement in the repeated coup [tries] against the aquino government .

However , the agreements broke down almost immediately , the Armenian side on Feb. 4 declaring them null and void and suspending its participation in further talks in protest at what it described as attempts at `` forced deportation `` of Armenians from villages in Azerbaijan 's Khanlar region on the pretext that their security remained under threat .
however , the agreements broke down almost immediately , the armenian side on feb. 4 declaring them null and void and suspending its participation in further talks in protest at what it described as [tries] at `` forced deportation `` of armenians from villages in azerbaijan 's khanlar region on the pretext that their security remained under threat .

Notwithstanding attempts to diversify the production of commodities , Vietnam 's state-owned enterprises faced strong competition from private companies after losing their subsidy and monopoly rights .
notwithstanding [tries] to diversify the production of commodities , vietnam 's state-owned enterprises faced strong competition from private companies after losing their subsidy and monopoly rights .

Return of Third World waste consignments to Europe — New attempts to export waste to Third World
return of third world waste consignments to europe — new [tries] to export waste to third world

Attempts to rewrite the Lord 's Prayer and the whole of Christian theology are now being seriously considered .
[tries] to rewrite the lord 's prayer and the whole of christian theology are now being seriously considered .

But failure to appreciate the force of this distinction can also shipwreck attempts by observers to understand religion — to read correctly what is going on as a person performs a religious ritual or speaks religious words ( see Chapter 10 where an assessment task on this is suggested ) .
but failure to appreciate the force of this distinction can also shipwreck [tries] by observers to understand religion — to read correctly what is going on as a person performs a religious ritual or speaks religious words ( see chapter 10 where an assessment task on this is suggested ) .

James 's initial attempts to woo Dissenters and erstwhile Whigs , it is now being recognised , were more successful than we used to think .
james 's initial [tries] to woo dissenters and erstwhile whigs , it is now being recognised , were more successful than we used to think .

There were even attempts by Anglican groups to prevent the Dissenters from enjoying the toleration they were offered after 1687 .
there were even [tries] by anglican groups to prevent the dissenters from enjoying the toleration they were offered after 1687 .

The case of the seven bishops was an important turning point in the development of events leading up to the Revolution , marking the defeat of James 's attempts to win Nonconformist support for his policies of toleration .
the case of the seven bishops was an important turning point in the development of events leading up to the revolution , marking the defeat of james 's [tries] to win nonconformist support for his policies of toleration .

On the other hand , virtually all the demands which the Anglicans had been pressing for in their attempts to come to terms with James , such as those made by the bishops in their meeting with the King on 3 October , did .
on the other hand , virtually all the demands which the anglicans had been pressing for in their [tries] to come to terms with james , such as those made by the bishops in their meeting with the king on 3 october , did .

Between 1695 and 1705 four attempts were made to restrict membership of Parliament to men of landed wealth , in the belief that men of such independent means would be less susceptible to Court bribery , until eventually a Land Qualification Bill was passed in 1711 .
between 1695 and 1705 four [tries] were made to restrict membership of parliament to men of landed wealth , in the belief that men of such independent means would be less susceptible to court bribery , until eventually a land qualification bill was passed in 1711 .

Despite the existence of a certain amount of disaffection towards William 's regime , the attempts by Jacobite agents to turn this into a more positive commitment to the Jacobite cause were largely unsuccessful .
despite the existence of a certain amount of disaffection towards william 's regime , the [tries] by jacobite agents to turn this into a more positive commitment to the jacobite cause were largely unsuccessful .

If you , the teacher , take on the " obstacle " role you can focus on their use of space/ body language/ eye contact in their attempts to get round the obstacle .
if you , the teacher , take on the " obstacle " role you can focus on their use of space/ body language/ eye contact in their [tries] to get round the obstacle .

Attempts were made in the Harmel Report to allay West German fears that flexible response would turn their territory into a battlefield .
[tries] were made in the harmel report to allay west german fears that flexible response would turn their territory into a battlefield .

The settlement of the Alans near Valence may have more in common with imperial attempts to solve the problem of abandoned land , agri deserti , than with other grants to the barbarians .
the settlement of the alans near valence may have more in common with imperial [tries] to solve the problem of abandoned land , agri deserti , than with other grants to the barbarians .

Gregory may have laughed at Chilperic 's attempts at apeing the culture of the Roman past , and despised him for them , but circuses were integral to the political culture of the later Roman Empire , and its Byzantine successor : the hippodrome was central to the court ritual of Constantinople .
gregory may have laughed at chilperic 's [tries] at apeing the culture of the roman past , and despised him for them , but circuses were integral to the political culture of the later roman empire , and its byzantine successor : the hippodrome was central to the court ritual of constantinople .

An enormous number of Polish nobles , therefore , had survived the government 's attempts to relegate them to lesser estates .
an enormous number of polish nobles , therefore , had survived the government 's [tries] to relegate them to lesser estates .

In the second and third decades of the nineteenth century the publication of locally orientated journals , the collection of Ukrainian folksongs , and attempts to use Ukrainian as a literary language marked the beginnings of divergence between the recently dovetailed northern and southern parts of the Russian Empire .
in the second and third decades of the nineteenth century the publication of locally orientated journals , the collection of ukrainian folksongs , and [tries] to use ukrainian as a literary language marked the beginnings of divergence between the recently dovetailed northern and southern parts of the russian empire .

The tsar 's attempts to dictate policy from St Petersburg had culminated , in 1842 , in the creation of the Sixth Department of the Imperial Chancery , the only subdivision of that body to be charged with responsibility for a discrete geographical area .
the tsar 's [tries] to dictate policy from st petersburg had culminated , in 1842 , in the creation of the sixth department of the imperial chancery , the only subdivision of that body to be charged with responsibility for a discrete geographical area .

The tsar was prepared , on occasion , to reproach German nobles for allowing the condition of the Estonian and Latvian peasantry to deteriorate , and in educational and especially religious affairs he sanctioned attempts to bring the Baltic provinces into line with the rest of the empire .
the tsar was prepared , on occasion , to reproach german nobles for allowing the condition of the estonian and latvian peasantry to deteriorate , and in educational and especially religious affairs he sanctioned [tries] to bring the baltic provinces into line with the rest of the empire .

This was certainly the conclusion of contemporary intellectuals , almost all of whom thought that the government 's attempts to raise additional troops created more problems than they solved .
this was certainly the conclusion of contemporary intellectuals , almost all of whom thought that the government 's [tries] to raise additional troops created more problems than they solved .

As Poles they had been subject to St Petersburg 's longstanding attempts to interfere in relations between Polish nobles and non-Polish peasants .
as poles they had been subject to st petersburg 's longstanding [tries] to interfere in relations between polish nobles and non-polish peasants .

Although the Secret Committee formally agreed to publication of Nazimov 's instructions , many contemporaries recorded the attempts of committee members to prevent it .
although the secret committee formally agreed to publication of nazimov 's instructions , many contemporaries recorded the [tries] of committee members to prevent it .

The Jacobite threat , which until the middle of the century seemed to all British statesmen very real , led to intensified efforts of this kind , with attempts to obtain keys to the cyphers used by foreign governments and to gather information from postal centres on the continent such as Danzig , Brussels , Leyden , Antwerp and Hamburg .
the jacobite threat , which until the middle of the century seemed to all british statesmen very real , led to intensified efforts of this kind , with [tries] to obtain keys to the cyphers used by foreign governments and to gather information from postal centres on the continent such as danzig , brussels , leyden , antwerp and hamburg .

France , for example , which also equipped herself with consuls in India and Malaya ( Singapore , 1839 ; Calcutta , 1846 ; Bombay , 1866 ) established one in Canton , after some earlier unsuccessful attempts , in 1843 and others in Hongkong , Hankow and Tientsin from 1862 .
france , for example , which also equipped herself with consuls in india and malaya ( singapore , 1839 ; calcutta , 1846 ; bombay , 1866 ) established one in canton , after some earlier unsuccessful [tries] , in 1843 and others in hongkong , hankow and tientsin from 1862 .

This book is not designed to engage with exposition of doctrine though it will inevitably point to its importance ; rather it attempts a mode of appreciation of these texts to help readers , whether or not they have prior knowledge of the subject , to respond to them as literary witnesses to a life of faith understood as a game .
this book is not designed to engage with exposition of doctrine though it will inevitably point to its importance ; rather it [tries] a mode of appreciation of these texts to help readers , whether or not they have prior knowledge of the subject , to respond to them as literary witnesses to a life of faith understood as a game .

But in any case it has been clearly apparent to all fieldworking anthropologists for at least sixty years that the various kinds of performance which have , in the past , been assigned to the categories `` magic `` , `` religion `` , `` magico-religious `` , are expressions of artistic creativity rather than misguided attempts to control the material world by mechanical means .
but in any case it has been clearly apparent to all fieldworking anthropologists for at least sixty years that the various kinds of performance which have , in the past , been assigned to the categories `` magic `` , `` religion `` , `` magico-religious `` , are expressions of artistic creativity rather than misguided [tries] to control the material world by mechanical means .

The Nayar case also illustrates my earlier comments on the anthropologists ' use of the term `` society `` and of their attempts to set up typologies of societies of various kinds .
the nayar case also illustrates my earlier comments on the anthropologists ' use of the term `` society `` and of their [tries] to set up typologies of societies of various kinds .

The same would apply to attempts to persuade someone to refrain from doing so .
the same would apply to [tries] to persuade someone to refrain from doing so .

Past failed attempts at market and product development .
past failed [tries] at market and product development .

The leader , with four-under par was Jim Thorpe , a comparatively unknown black professional , who had made several unsuccessful attempts to qualify for the Championship and was making his first appearance .
the leader , with four-under par was jim thorpe , a comparatively unknown black professional , who had made several unsuccessful [tries] to qualify for the championship and was making his first appearance .

Yet policy makers , planners and local government officials have a limited grasp of the historical development of nineteenth century cities and the project attempts to investigate the principal factors which governed that process , the problems it highlighted and the pitfalls which have been encountered and which need not be reproduced in the twentieth century given an awareness of a historical dimension .
yet policy makers , planners and local government officials have a limited grasp of the historical development of nineteenth century cities and the project [tries] to investigate the principal factors which governed that process , the problems it highlighted and the pitfalls which have been encountered and which need not be reproduced in the twentieth century given an awareness of a historical dimension .

Much has been written on the performance of British business during the period and many attempts have been made to explain , excuse or refute what has been seen as a decline in British innovative ability since the successes of the industrial revolution .
much has been written on the performance of british business during the period and many [tries] have been made to explain , excuse or refute what has been seen as a decline in british innovative ability since the successes of the industrial revolution .

Previous attempts to explain the emergence of peaceful industrial relations in cotton based on concepts such as paternalism and gender are inadequate to explain developments in Scotland as they are inconsistent with the country 's experience .
previous [tries] to explain the emergence of peaceful industrial relations in cotton based on concepts such as paternalism and gender are inadequate to explain developments in scotland as they are inconsistent with the country 's experience .

The aim of this research is to investigate the historical commitment of both managements and workers to this system despite a large number of attempts before the second world war to adopt alternative reward structures in industry .
the aim of this research is to investigate the historical commitment of both managements and workers to this system despite a large number of [tries] before the second world war to adopt alternative reward structures in industry .

This research attempts to provide the first detailed study of the formation of the modern medical profession within the context of local communities .
this research [tries] to provide the first detailed study of the formation of the modern medical profession within the context of local communities .

This research aims , first , to explain why the general pattern of income has been largely resistant to attempts at change through legislation , government policy and interest-group pressure ; secondly , to review the many kinds of research on income distribution ; thirdly , to identify criteria for , and means of , improvement .
this research aims , first , to explain why the general pattern of income has been largely resistant to [tries] at change through legislation , government policy and interest-group pressure ; secondly , to review the many kinds of research on income distribution ; thirdly , to identify criteria for , and means of , improvement .

This study attempts to identify the changes that have occurred in South Wales business and industrial structure over the past 20 years , and to determine the effects of these changes on demand for industrial materials handling equipment .
this study [tries] to identify the changes that have occurred in south wales business and industrial structure over the past 20 years , and to determine the effects of these changes on demand for industrial materials handling equipment .

The research surveys current literature on the impact of legal regulation on different aspects of economic activity in Germany and Britain and attempts to develop a perspective from which to evaluate the changing role of law in government and industry relations in both countries .
the research surveys current literature on the impact of legal regulation on different aspects of economic activity in germany and britain and [tries] to develop a perspective from which to evaluate the changing role of law in government and industry relations in both countries .

These studies concentrate on industry 's attempts to mobilise law to further its own perceived interests , and examine situations where industry has advocated non-legal techniques .
these studies concentrate on industry 's [tries] to mobilise law to further its own perceived interests , and examine situations where industry has advocated non-legal techniques .

Recently , much attention has been focused on the notion of a ‘ core ’ and ‘ periphery ’ workforce as a consequence of attempts by organisations to increase efficiency by adopting flexible manning arrangements .
recently , much attention has been focused on the notion of a ‘ core ’ and ‘ periphery ’ workforce as a consequence of [tries] by organisations to increase efficiency by adopting flexible manning arrangements .

This programme develops attempts to quantify these processes .
this programme develops [tries] to quantify these processes .

However , even the most well-meaning attempts to induce and promote local enterprise may sometimes result in little in terms of quantifiable gains to the community at large .
however , even the most well-meaning [tries] to induce and promote local enterprise may sometimes result in little in terms of quantifiable gains to the community at large .

There have been many , well publicised , attempts to turn domestic waste into fuel pellets .
there have been many , well publicised , [tries] to turn domestic waste into fuel pellets .

In each case it attempts to explain what decisions are made , by whom , and how ; why the system operates in the way it does ; the problems that arise and the pressures for change ; the obstacles which inhibit change ; the effectiveness of different forms of accountability and the viability of alternatives to existing practices .
in each case it [tries] to explain what decisions are made , by whom , and how ; why the system operates in the way it does ; the problems that arise and the pressures for change ; the obstacles which inhibit change ; the effectiveness of different forms of accountability and the viability of alternatives to existing practices .

This study will examine the responses of linguists and cognitive scientists to the changing research culture of natural language processing by analysing a corpus of written and spoken texts reflecting various attempts at collaborative research .
this study will examine the responses of linguists and cognitive scientists to the changing research culture of natural language processing by analysing a corpus of written and spoken texts reflecting various [tries] at collaborative research .

The research attempts to uncover reasons for this and puts forward a series of policy recommendations aimed at producing a more random distribution of women in employment .
the research [tries] to uncover reasons for this and puts forward a series of policy recommendations aimed at producing a more random distribution of women in employment .

Our study attempts to begin to cover the period of silence of information .
our study [tries] to begin to cover the period of silence of information .

Attempts to isolate the determinants of the wide variations in rates for this largely ‘ elective ’ operation have focused on ‘ supply ’ variables , such as clinical discretion , bed and theatre availability , manpower levels and factors affecting health service organisation , such as method of payment and waiting list times .
[tries] to isolate the determinants of the wide variations in rates for this largely ‘ elective ’ operation have focused on ‘ supply ’ variables , such as clinical discretion , bed and theatre availability , manpower levels and factors affecting health service organisation , such as method of payment and waiting list times .

The research attempts to investigate :
the research [tries] to investigate :

The first will deal with the implications of central government attempts to ‘ Indonesianise ’ Bali through such means as administrative changes and television , as well as to examine the effects of local development programmes and the expanding tourist industry .
the first will deal with the implications of central government [tries] to ‘ indonesianise ’ bali through such means as administrative changes and television , as well as to examine the effects of local development programmes and the expanding tourist industry .

The project attempts to account for the variety of economic strategies fishermen have adopted through an examination of their behaviour as entrepreneurs , employers and employees .
the project [tries] to account for the variety of economic strategies fishermen have adopted through an examination of their behaviour as entrepreneurs , employers and employees .

In spite of widespread attempts in recent years to make learning opportunities more accessible to adults from all sections of society and the development of special programmes tailored to the needs of specific groups , there are still many social groups which , for a variety of reasons , do not readily participate in post school educational activities .
in spite of widespread [tries] in recent years to make learning opportunities more accessible to adults from all sections of society and the development of special programmes tailored to the needs of specific groups , there are still many social groups which , for a variety of reasons , do not readily participate in post school educational activities .

Throughout the twentieth century , there have been repeated attempts in England to develop schools chiefly emphasising technical studies .
throughout the twentieth century , there have been repeated [tries] in england to develop schools chiefly emphasising technical studies .

The past few years have seen an unprecedented number of attempts to find new ways of training teachers , by reforming existing routes to Qualified Teachers Status and developing new ones .
the past few years have seen an unprecedented number of [tries] to find new ways of training teachers , by reforming existing routes to qualified teachers status and developing new ones .

This project will investigate the roles of males and females , old and young , and the power relations between them in two areas of land settlement in Mexico where there are attempts at sustainable agriculture .
this project will investigate the roles of males and females , old and young , and the power relations between them in two areas of land settlement in mexico where there are [tries] at sustainable agriculture .

The research attempts to bring an understanding of the contemporary British training infrastructure to an examination of the reconstruction of skill in the context of a changing labour market .
the research [tries] to bring an understanding of the contemporary british training infrastructure to an examination of the reconstruction of skill in the context of a changing labour market .

This research project focuses on attempts by local authorities to intervene in instances of rural land use competition , and to evaluate how effective their involvement has been .
this research project focuses on [tries] by local authorities to intervene in instances of rural land use competition , and to evaluate how effective their involvement has been .

But Ministers ' fear that , as the Bill prepares to enter the House of Lords next week , attempts by arch Euro-sceptics Baroness Thatcher and Lord Tebbit to carry on the fight will fuel a damaging Tory rift .
but ministers ' fear that , as the bill prepares to enter the house of lords next week , [tries] by arch euro-sceptics baroness thatcher and lord tebbit to carry on the fight will fuel a damaging tory rift .

Today , in his last game in charge , he attempts to put the icing on the cake by leading the champions to premiership glory which would complete the sport 's first five-trophy clean sweep .
today , in his last game in charge , he [tries] to put the icing on the cake by leading the champions to premiership glory which would complete the sport 's first five-trophy clean sweep .

As well as identifying the categories and types of drugs abused in sport it attempts to answer the questions which arise frequently , illustrates the side-effects on health and takes the reader through the whole process of doping control .
as well as identifying the categories and types of drugs abused in sport it [tries] to answer the questions which arise frequently , illustrates the side-effects on health and takes the reader through the whole process of doping control .

These new democracies face a variety of problems in their attempts at consolidation , largely stemming from the heavy levels of external indebtedness , which places serious constraints on their ability to resume economic growth .
these new democracies face a variety of problems in their [tries] at consolidation , largely stemming from the heavy levels of external indebtedness , which places serious constraints on their ability to resume economic growth .

The research attempts to identify the social and political conditions which contribute to the success or failure of the consolidation of democracy .
the research [tries] to identify the social and political conditions which contribute to the success or failure of the consolidation of democracy .

The study not only describes changes in central-local relationships but it also attempts to explain them .
the study not only describes changes in central-local relationships but it also [tries] to explain them .

First , transitions in post-communist countries will probably be accompanied by attempts at fundamental transformation of the economic system .
first , transitions in post-communist countries will probably be accompanied by [tries] at fundamental transformation of the economic system .

However , it has never been thoroughly tested in Britain nor have there been any systematic attempts to see if local taxes and services are important in actual decisions to move .
however , it has never been thoroughly tested in britain nor have there been any systematic [tries] to see if local taxes and services are important in actual decisions to move .

The research attempts to investigate the benefits and disadvantages of such arrangements for the partners concerned .
the research [tries] to investigate the benefits and disadvantages of such arrangements for the partners concerned .

The project attempts to clarify and consolidate the overall body of theoretical knowledge produced by the international relations discipline .
the project [tries] to clarify and consolidate the overall body of theoretical knowledge produced by the international relations discipline .

Suddenly in the silence of the small hours its patience would break and she listened rigidly to its scrabbling attempts to break out .
suddenly in the silence of the small hours its patience would break and she listened rigidly to its scrabbling [tries] to break out .

in her attempts to please and to ingratiate herself into the household .
in her [tries] to please and to ingratiate herself into the household .

The following are examples of the petty attempts at subversion which one finds in the old books on election law .
the following are examples of the petty [tries] at subversion which one finds in the old books on election law .

Full-back Brian Roach kicked the conversion but was wide with several penalty attempts .
full-back brian roach kicked the conversion but was wide with several penalty [tries] .

He was off target with four penalty attempts and it was his mistake that presented Malone with the second of their two tries .
he was off target with four penalty [tries] and it was his mistake that presented malone with the second of their two tries .

In an explosive second half Bangor added a further two goals , the Down keeper saved a flick , Burgon hit the post and had two attempts taken off the line .
in an explosive second half bangor added a further two goals , the down keeper saved a flick , burgon hit the post and had two [tries] taken off the line .

1 control system can be `` taught `` to initiate deceleration at the appropriate t , if it is programmed to learn from its previous attempts at producing an optimal trajectory .
1 control system can be `` taught `` to initiate deceleration at the appropriate t , if it is programmed to learn from its previous [tries] at producing an optimal trajectory .

Kenjo and Takahashi ( 1980 ) describe a printer character-wheel control which produces movements of up to 200 character positions in minimum The system learns the optimum point for deceleration initiation for each movement by making several attempts , which give successively better results .
kenjo and takahashi ( 1980 ) describe a printer character-wheel control which produces movements of up to 200 character positions in minimum the system learns the optimum point for deceleration initiation for each movement by making several [tries] , which give successively better results .

In recent year there have been several attempts to produce new kinds of keys .
in recent year there have been several [tries] to produce new kinds of keys .

The need for the recommendation of a high-ranking scholar provided a control on the quality of the intake-as long , of course , as the scholar were reasonably honest-while the quantity could be controlled by altering a number of factors , for example , the period at which the regular investiture took place , the number of ceremonial occasions on which special investitures might occur or the number of students the holder of any given office might invest as Interesting , though extremely belated , attempts to control both the quality and the quantity of are represented by two decrees of the year 1715 , by which time the system had very nearly completely broken down .
the need for the recommendation of a high-ranking scholar provided a control on the quality of the intake-as long , of course , as the scholar were reasonably honest-while the quantity could be controlled by altering a number of factors , for example , the period at which the regular investiture took place , the number of ceremonial occasions on which special investitures might occur or the number of students the holder of any given office might invest as interesting , though extremely belated , [tries] to control both the quality and the quantity of are represented by two decrees of the year 1715 , by which time the system had very nearly completely broken down .

To return to Molla Fenari , one can not then determine with any certainty the date of his journey to Egypt since it is impossible to assert confidently which of the seemingly contradictory facts or sets of facts-Ibn Hajar 's statement that he made the journey in 778 , Taskopruzade 's statement that he went in company with Seyyid Serif , Taskopruzade 's association of Seyyid Serif 's arrival in Karaman with Cemaleddin Aksarayi 's death , and so on-deserves most weight , though perhaps the specific nature of Ibn Hajar 's date argues in its favour while , equally , the slight suspicion which always attaches to attempts to associate great figures of the past argues against the association of Molla Fenari and Seyyid Serif .
to return to molla fenari , one can not then determine with any certainty the date of his journey to egypt since it is impossible to assert confidently which of the seemingly contradictory facts or sets of facts-ibn hajar 's statement that he made the journey in 778 , taskopruzade 's statement that he went in company with seyyid serif , taskopruzade 's association of seyyid serif 's arrival in karaman with cemaleddin aksarayi 's death , and so on-deserves most weight , though perhaps the specific nature of ibn hajar 's date argues in its favour while , equally , the slight suspicion which always attaches to [tries] to associate great figures of the past argues against the association of molla fenari and seyyid serif .

If attempts to establish the continuity of an office of Mufti in this early period appear to break down , however , there can be no doubt either on the one hand of the existence both of muftis and of scholars who acted as muftis in individual instances or , on the other , of the importance of as an instrument of government .
if [tries] to establish the continuity of an office of mufti in this early period appear to break down , however , there can be no doubt either on the one hand of the existence both of muftis and of scholars who acted as muftis in individual instances or , on the other , of the importance of as an instrument of government .

It is often pointed out that chemists have failed in their attempts to duplicate the spontaneous origin of life in the laboratory .
it is often pointed out that chemists have failed in their [tries] to duplicate the spontaneous origin of life in the laboratory .

So now he walked , still angry with them , but glad to be away , glad to have salvaged something from yet another of their attempts to grind him down .
so now he walked , still angry with them , but glad to be away , glad to have salvaged something from yet another of their [tries] to grind him down .

Attempts to allow individual locations to reply directly to the appropriate Government department have also been fraught with similar difficulties .
[tries] to allow individual locations to reply directly to the appropriate government department have also been fraught with similar difficulties .

It was made clear that attempts to include every piece of information imaginable would not succeed .
it was made clear that [tries] to include every piece of information imaginable would not succeed .

In many ways the development of Apple Computer symbolises the development of the industry as a whole and it is with specific reference to Apple Computer Inc that David King attempts in this paper to put the micro into its true context .
in many ways the development of apple computer symbolises the development of the industry as a whole and it is with specific reference to apple computer inc that david king [tries] in this paper to put the micro into its true context .

There were therefore a number of attempts to avoid the conclusion that there had been a big bang .
there were therefore a number of [tries] to avoid the conclusion that there had been a big bang .

Attempts were made to destroy James Bond by shooting him , placing a tarantula in his bed , poisoning his vodka , and drowning him .
[tries] were made to destroy james bond by shooting him , placing a tarantula in his bed , poisoning his vodka , and drowning him .

James Bond ran a similar gamut of attempts to bring his life to a halt .
james bond ran a similar gamut of [tries] to bring his life to a halt .

One , in the grounds of Tullie House Museum just outside the fort gate , was 12.2m ( 40 ft ) by at least 67 m ( 219 ft ) , with a substantial plank floor over a solid foundation , and may have had a military function ; attempts have also been made to interpret it as the base for a rampart surrounding an annexe to the fort .
one , in the grounds of tullie house museum just outside the fort gate , was 12.2m ( 40 ft ) by at least 67 m ( 219 ft ) , with a substantial plank floor over a solid foundation , and may have had a military function ; [tries] have also been made to interpret it as the base for a rampart surrounding an annexe to the fort .

Although this road emerges on the eastern side of the town , attempts to trace it much further have failed .
although this road emerges on the eastern side of the town , [tries] to trace it much further have failed .

Most attempts at theory and empirical work have , however , tended to concentrate on investment in plant and machinery , particularly in the manufacturing sector .
most [tries] at theory and empirical work have , however , tended to concentrate on investment in plant and machinery , particularly in the manufacturing sector .

Attempts to control public expenditure are nothing new ; they began long before Gladstone .
[tries] to control public expenditure are nothing new ; they began long before gladstone .

Attempts were made in 1988 to resolve this disincentive effect .
[tries] were made in 1988 to resolve this disincentive effect .

The Bank , in its daily dealings , attempts to reconcile these two separate objectives .
the bank , in its daily dealings , [tries] to reconcile these two separate objectives .

It was a downmarket job ; he 'd report on reactions to his attempts to change a $ 1000 bill , sit in a lion 's cage at the local zoo , or clean windows on the twenty-eighth floor of a skyscraper .
it was a downmarket job ; he 'd report on reactions to his [tries] to change a $ 1000 bill , sit in a lion 's cage at the local zoo , or clean windows on the twenty-eighth floor of a skyscraper .

But outside London the paper began to sell , as in cities like Birmingham , Manchester , and Edinburgh attempts were made to match the expanding underground scene .
but outside london the paper began to sell , as in cities like birmingham , manchester , and edinburgh [tries] were made to match the expanding underground scene .

Radicals from across London , Britain , and Europe began to pour into the college to observe , participate , or make unsuccessful attempts to take the struggle into the correct channels .
radicals from across london , britain , and europe began to pour into the college to observe , participate , or make unsuccessful [tries] to take the struggle into the correct channels .

Attempts to improve the position of voluntary and educational measures need to be backed up by a new law , offering protection against discrimination .
[tries] to improve the position of voluntary and educational measures need to be backed up by a new law , offering protection against discrimination .

‘ Based on the latest Government survey of private tenants , we believe that over 140,000 privately renting households in England alone could be experiencing harassment or attempts at illegal eviction at any one time .
‘ based on the latest government survey of private tenants , we believe that over 140,000 privately renting households in england alone could be experiencing harassment or [tries] at illegal eviction at any one time .

It was clear that Anna had no worries about her husband 's attempts to flirt ; it must be wonderful , Merrill reflected , stirring her coffee , to have that kind of trust , that complete security in love .
it was clear that anna had no worries about her husband 's [tries] to flirt ; it must be wonderful , merrill reflected , stirring her coffee , to have that kind of trust , that complete security in love .

It is quite difficult to align all the spacers at the same time and several attempts may be needed .
it is quite difficult to align all the spacers at the same time and several [tries] may be needed .

Finally , an audit trail maintains a record of all the network activity , including unsuccessful illicit attempts to log on or access restricted files or devices .
finally , an audit trail maintains a record of all the network activity , including unsuccessful illicit [tries] to log on or access restricted files or devices .

Returning to the jazz clubs was one option , but Rune had already made attempts to cover that by enlisting the aid of several barmen as well as his friends at Ib 's Bar .
returning to the jazz clubs was one option , but rune had already made [tries] to cover that by enlisting the aid of several barmen as well as his friends at ib 's bar .

They 'd been strolling through the individual gardens within the whole for more than two hours , while Rune told her about the traditions of the gardens and how , despite attempts at imitation , they remained unique in Europe — if not the world — before they reached the area set aside for the funfair and he suggested she might like a ride on some of the attractions .
they 'd been strolling through the individual gardens within the whole for more than two hours , while rune told her about the traditions of the gardens and how , despite [tries] at imitation , they remained unique in europe — if not the world — before they reached the area set aside for the funfair and he suggested she might like a ride on some of the attractions .

Through photographic images we see a few of the attempts by contemporary artists to find the real face .
through photographic images we see a few of the [tries] by contemporary artists to find the real face .

It attempts , by tackling childhood thematically , across time , to stimulate new responses through sometimes startling juxtapositions of images .
it [tries] , by tackling childhood thematically , across time , to stimulate new responses through sometimes startling juxtapositions of images .

And in its attempts to obey , the Anglican branch had evolved ad hoc , adding to itself bits and pieces to meet needs it thought it perceived .
and in its [tries] to obey , the anglican branch had evolved ad hoc , adding to itself bits and pieces to meet needs it thought it perceived .

At this time , serious attempts were made to eradicate ‘ the new plague ’ , as a phrase of the period went .
at this time , serious [tries] were made to eradicate ‘ the new plague ’ , as a phrase of the period went .

The attempts failed , and soon the whole world was confronting the unknown .
the [tries] failed , and soon the whole world was confronting the unknown .

Attempts to create multimedia resources were really ahead of their technological time .
[tries] to create multimedia resources were really ahead of their technological time .

Attempts to correlate δ with χ 1 from the Flory-Huggins equation have met with limited success because of the unjustifiable assumptions made in the derivation .
[tries] to correlate δ with χ 1 from the flory-huggins equation have met with limited success because of the unjustifiable assumptions made in the derivation .

The initial attempts to arrive at a theoretical representation of the dimensions of a linear chain , treated the molecule as a number n of chain elements , joined by bonds of length l .
the initial [tries] to arrive at a theoretical representation of the dimensions of a linear chain , treated the molecule as a number n of chain elements , joined by bonds of length l .

However , attempts to estimate percentage crystallinity in a sample using n.m.r .
however , [tries] to estimate percentage crystallinity in a sample using n.m.r .

The first attempts to explain the crystalline structure of a polymer sample produced a model called the fringe-micelle structure .
the first [tries] to explain the crystalline structure of a polymer sample produced a model called the fringe-micelle structure .

One of the first attempts to explain the mechanical behaviour of materials such as pitch and tar was made by James Clark Maxwell .
one of the first [tries] to explain the mechanical behaviour of materials such as pitch and tar was made by james clark maxwell .

It attempts to model operational interactions between company functions in one way that is logically sound .
it [tries] to model operational interactions between company functions in one way that is logically sound .

In Ireland , Diarmaid , King of Dublin , made two attacks on Meath along with the King of Ossory , and , noticing that there were few Orkney ships these days in the water and no Orkney attempts at interference , decided it was time to look for some easy weapons and cattle and money , and maybe even a harbour or two .
in ireland , diarmaid , king of dublin , made two attacks on meath along with the king of ossory , and , noticing that there were few orkney ships these days in the water and no orkney [tries] at interference , decided it was time to look for some easy weapons and cattle and money , and maybe even a harbour or two .

The play is nothing more than a succession of her venomous attacks on the sons ’ girls and the sons ' unbelievably feeble attempts to fight back .
the play is nothing more than a succession of her venomous attacks on the sons ’ girls and the sons ' unbelievably feeble [tries] to fight back .

Hullmandel 's Twenty-four views of Italy was published in 1818 and was followed shortly by one of the first attempts to use lithography for zoological illustration .
hullmandel 's twenty-four views of italy was published in 1818 and was followed shortly by one of the first [tries] to use lithography for zoological illustration .

’ The black-eyebrowed albatross was a frequent visitor to the Parsee , and gave Gould the chance to try out a crude but innovative experiment — one of the first attempts to tag and monitor a live sea bird .
’ the black-eyebrowed albatross was a frequent visitor to the parsee , and gave gould the chance to try out a crude but innovative experiment — one of the first [tries] to tag and monitor a live sea bird .

Lady Franklin kept a journal during the voyage in which she described Gould 's eager attempts to continue bird collecting while they waited , windbound , in the Bay :
lady franklin kept a journal during the voyage in which she described gould 's eager [tries] to continue bird collecting while they waited , windbound , in the bay :

When , later in the year , Lady Franklin found her self in Sydney , she discussed with Captain King his impressions of their mutual friend , the ornithologist , and made a note in her diary concerning Gould 's clumsy attempts at social etiquette : ‘ Captn .
when , later in the year , lady franklin found her self in sydney , she discussed with captain king his impressions of their mutual friend , the ornithologist , and made a note in her diary concerning gould 's clumsy [tries] at social etiquette : ‘ captn .

He had reaped bountiful rewards where Sturt had again found his exploratory attempts frustrated .
he had reaped bountiful rewards where sturt had again found his exploratory [tries] frustrated .

If these reports are correct , the idea led him nowhere ; in the end , weakened by the effects of his illness and , some have contended , with his personality affected by attempts to treat it , he lost his grip and abandoned the struggle .
if these reports are correct , the idea led him nowhere ; in the end , weakened by the effects of his illness and , some have contended , with his personality affected by [tries] to treat it , he lost his grip and abandoned the struggle .

This and later attempts led nowhere ; insurgency persisted into the 1960s .
this and later [tries] led nowhere ; insurgency persisted into the 1960s .

Shortly afterwards came a Saudi response to Iran 's continuing attempts to teach Riyadh a lesson .
shortly afterwards came a saudi response to iran 's continuing [tries] to teach riyadh a lesson .

Mediation Attempts
mediation [tries]

The points at which fighting was fiercest were Shalamcheh and Fish Lake , a reservoir constructed by the Iraqi forces some years earlier as a barrier against anticipated attempts to take Basrah .
the points at which fighting was fiercest were shalamcheh and fish lake , a reservoir constructed by the iraqi forces some years earlier as a barrier against anticipated [tries] to take basrah .

Many attempts were made to bring the crisis to an end by means other than war .
many [tries] were made to bring the crisis to an end by means other than war .

This process and this work represent my own attempts to acknowledge my position as a feminist artist and seriously to consider my responsibility and accountability as such .
this process and this work represent my own [tries] to acknowledge my position as a feminist artist and seriously to consider my responsibility and accountability as such .

Ethel Walker 's visions are attempts to bring all the glory of her idea of heaven , as it was inspired by Swedenborg , within the reach of our sensibilities .
ethel walker 's visions are [tries] to bring all the glory of her idea of heaven , as it was inspired by swedenborg , within the reach of our sensibilities .

Spent day boating on lake in Champex annoying local fishermen with our attempts at the world speed record for pedal boats .
spent day boating on lake in champex annoying local fishermen with our [tries] at the world speed record for pedal boats .

He had made several attempts on it .
he had made several [tries] on it .

This refers to people 's progress through life : a result both of their attempts to maintain personal esteem and , at the same time , social respect deriving from other people 's evaluations .
this refers to people 's progress through life : a result both of their [tries] to maintain personal esteem and , at the same time , social respect deriving from other people 's evaluations .

For him , trade unions were an example of attempts to create a substitute for Gemeinschaft ; one appropriate for the new era of capitalist industrialisation .
for him , trade unions were an example of [tries] to create a substitute for gemeinschaft ; one appropriate for the new era of capitalist industrialisation .

For all the attempts to move upwards , however , there remain massive constraints and limitations .
for all the [tries] to move upwards , however , there remain massive constraints and limitations .

The first refers to the ‘ ontological security ’ which we discuss in Chapter 1 : the attempts by people to gain some understanding and a sense of ‘ self ’ and social identity in the natural and social worlds .
the first refers to the ‘ ontological security ’ which we discuss in chapter 1 : the [tries] by people to gain some understanding and a sense of ‘ self ’ and social identity in the natural and social worlds .

As such , this perspective again links to the discussion of ontological security and ‘ escape attempts ’ in Chapter 1 .
as such , this perspective again links to the discussion of ontological security and ‘ escape [tries] ’ in chapter 1 .

Rather , their attempts to maintain exclusive rights over an object are seen as attempts to create their ‘ selves ’ and their relationships to other groups of children .
rather , their [tries] to maintain exclusive rights over an object are seen as [tries] to create their ‘ selves ’ and their relationships to other groups of children .

As discussed in the Introduction , the actual extent of such insecurity and the extent to which ‘ escape attempts ’ are successful varies according to the particular sphere of social life with which we are concerned .
as discussed in the introduction , the actual extent of such insecurity and the extent to which ‘ escape [tries] ’ are successful varies according to the particular sphere of social life with which we are concerned .

People 's life-courses are simultaneously the product of economic structures and of people 's own attempts to improve their circumstances and social standing .
people 's life-courses are simultaneously the product of economic structures and of people 's own [tries] to improve their circumstances and social standing .

Moral careers , escape attempts and front and back regions .
moral careers , escape [tries] and front and back regions .

Burawoy describes , for example , industrial workers ' 'escape attempts ' .
burawoy describes , for example , industrial workers ' 'escape [tries] ' .

The objective has been to indicate the value of appreciating the expressive order : the understandings people have of their own lives , their attempts to maintain self-esteem and the respect of others in the context of processes and decisions far removed from their understanding or influence .
the objective has been to indicate the value of appreciating the expressive order : the understandings people have of their own lives , their [tries] to maintain self-esteem and the respect of others in the context of processes and decisions far removed from their understanding or influence .

It is replete with prospects for ‘ escape attempts ’ ; zones of autonomy and self-expression separate from employment and not regulated by state authority .
it is replete with prospects for ‘ escape [tries] ’ ; zones of autonomy and self-expression separate from employment and not regulated by state authority .

If we turn to the literature which attempts to combine sociobiology with social psychology , we find the formation of youth subcultures being given an explanation which is largely at odds with that proposed by Marxism .
if we turn to the literature which [tries] to combine sociobiology with social psychology , we find the formation of youth subcultures being given an explanation which is largely at odds with that proposed by marxism .

This is done through innumerable forms of minor subversion , tricks and escape attempts within the school routine .
this is done through innumerable forms of minor subversion , tricks and escape [tries] within the school routine .

It is arguable , too , that he was over-anxious to dismiss people 's attempts to preserve the family as ‘ ideology ’ , one distracting attention from the class basis of fascism .
it is arguable , too , that he was over-anxious to dismiss people 's [tries] to preserve the family as ‘ ideology ’ , one distracting attention from the class basis of fascism .

For all these criticisms , however , Reich 's study is perhaps the best empirical example of how politics , and nationally-based politics in particular , is simultaneously the result not only of daily life ( and people 's attempts to construct an understanding of their particular experience ) but also of deep-lying social sexual and psychic structures .
for all these criticisms , however , reich 's study is perhaps the best empirical example of how politics , and nationally-based politics in particular , is simultaneously the result not only of daily life ( and people 's [tries] to construct an understanding of their particular experience ) but also of deep-lying social sexual and psychic structures .

Their central point , though , is that the authoritarianism which Hall identifies stems almost wholly from attempts to manage a political and economic system in crisis .
their central point , though , is that the authoritarianism which hall identifies stems almost wholly from [tries] to manage a political and economic system in crisis .

It is precisely such crises which lead to ‘ escape attempts ’ in the form of the ‘ national interest ’ or placing of faith in charismatic , father or mother figure leaders .
it is precisely such crises which lead to ‘ escape [tries] ’ in the form of the ‘ national interest ’ or placing of faith in charismatic , father or mother figure leaders .

This chapter , like those before , attempts a fusion of conventional sociological approaches to urban and regional studies with approaches emphasising the emotional and biological bases of social life .
this chapter , like those before , [tries] a fusion of conventional sociological approaches to urban and regional studies with approaches emphasising the emotional and biological bases of social life .

Attempts in the past to implement change may have left scars , and the spirit of trust , confidence and cooperation necessary to implement radical change will be difficult to achieve .
[tries] in the past to implement change may have left scars , and the spirit of trust , confidence and cooperation necessary to implement radical change will be difficult to achieve .

It is an important role of the database administrator to control attempts to keep data on the database indefinitely and to ensure that data entering the database is likely to be of use in the near future .
it is an important role of the database administrator to control [tries] to keep data on the database indefinitely and to ensure that data entering the database is likely to be of use in the near future .

The best strategy to counteract resistance is to ensure rational , self interest , where attempts are made to convince individuals that change is to their personal advantage .
the best strategy to counteract resistance is to ensure rational , self interest , where [tries] are made to convince individuals that change is to their personal advantage .

The technique attempts to separate the data structure from the functions for which the data may be used .
the technique [tries] to separate the data structure from the functions for which the data may be used .

This may show itself in attempts to ‘ beat the system ’ .
this may show itself in [tries] to ‘ beat the system ’ .

Finally , consensus participation attempts to involve all user department staff throughout the design and development of the system .
finally , consensus participation [tries] to involve all user department staff throughout the design and development of the system .

Attempts to reduce the balancing outflow of bullion were having some effect by the 1760s and 1770s , however .
[tries] to reduce the balancing outflow of bullion were having some effect by the 1760s and 1770s , however .

‘ But what a project ! ’ he said . ‘ To improve on one 's first blundering attempts … ’
‘ but what a project ! ’ he said . ‘ to improve on one 's first blundering [tries] … ’

Another point worth stating is that early attempts at curve fitting tended to assume that plant growth was determined by a single autocatalytic chemical reaction , an over-simplification .
another point worth stating is that early [tries] at curve fitting tended to assume that plant growth was determined by a single autocatalytic chemical reaction , an over-simplification .

She stretched her hands out and warmed them thankfully , remembering those happier times when , as children , she and Mark had argued about the best way to light a fire , had helped their mother after many disheartening attempts with damp wood and wet coal .
she stretched her hands out and warmed them thankfully , remembering those happier times when , as children , she and mark had argued about the best way to light a fire , had helped their mother after many disheartening [tries] with damp wood and wet coal .

It was a short note but it took half the morning , a thousand attempts .
it was a short note but it took half the morning , a thousand [tries] .

Two problems recur in attempts to adopt any of the above solutions to the problem of natural monopoly .
two problems recur in [tries] to adopt any of the above solutions to the problem of natural monopoly .

Recognition software then attempts to determine the text that was written .
recognition software then [tries] to determine the text that was written .

Attempts have been made to improve upon keyboard communication with the computer .
[tries] have been made to improve upon keyboard communication with the computer .

If more than one attempt was required to guess the correct letter then the character is emboldened and the number of attempts shown as a subscript .
if more than one attempt was required to guess the correct letter then the character is emboldened and the number of [tries] shown as a subscript .

Early attempts at the automatic recognition of handwriting date from about 1960 ( e.g .
early [tries] at the automatic recognition of handwriting date from about 1960 ( e.g .

More practical attempts at using transformational grammars for analysis incorporated an ‘ augmented grammar ’ ( e.g .
more practical [tries] at using transformational grammars for analysis incorporated an ‘ augmented grammar ’ ( e.g .

There have also been attempts to produce parse trees for input using probabilistic techniques .
there have also been [tries] to produce parse trees for input using probabilistic techniques .

Attempts to scale up these systems beyond their intended domain have met with little success .
[tries] to scale up these systems beyond their intended domain have met with little success .

Nor were any attempts made to supplement the grammar or lexicon .
nor were any [tries] made to supplement the grammar or lexicon .

‘ They do n't speak English , ’ he informed her , ‘ and despite my attempts to persuade them differently they just all trooped in and sat down .
‘ they do n't speak english , ’ he informed her , ‘ and despite my [tries] to persuade them differently they just all trooped in and sat down .

It was very difficult to remain frosty in the face of someone 's desperate attempts to be friendly .
it was very difficult to remain frosty in the face of someone 's desperate [tries] to be friendly .

She was wearing trousers and as she kept her feet on the ground she felt reasonably secure , at least ; she kept her toes on the ground and spent a rather hilarious time trying to get control of it in the courtyard , her attempts bringing Marguerite out with words of advice and wide smiles .
she was wearing trousers and as she kept her feet on the ground she felt reasonably secure , at least ; she kept her toes on the ground and spent a rather hilarious time trying to get control of it in the courtyard , her [tries] bringing marguerite out with words of advice and wide smiles .

She has come with Naomi and Mary-Catherine , and sees several other friends , but makes few attempts at conversation .
she has come with naomi and mary-catherine , and sees several other friends , but makes few [tries] at conversation .

Anya 's attempts at dissuasion , like an unsubtle variant on the old water torture , persist through Rainbow 's three cups of black coffee , hasty shower , and struggles with the overstressed zip in her jeans .
anya 's [tries] at dissuasion , like an unsubtle variant on the old water torture , persist through rainbow 's three cups of black coffee , hasty shower , and struggles with the overstressed zip in her jeans .

Dr Neil made vain attempts to stifle the bleeding , his own face now as grey as the bedlinen had been before it turned red .
dr neil made vain [tries] to stifle the bleeding , his own face now as grey as the bedlinen had been before it turned red .

The Kurds have been victims of particularly intense repression : there have been fresh attempts to destroy the Kurdish autonomy movement , with the result that a host of Kurdish guerrilla groups now fight with Iran against the Baghdad government .
the kurds have been victims of particularly intense repression : there have been fresh [tries] to destroy the kurdish autonomy movement , with the result that a host of kurdish guerrilla groups now fight with iran against the baghdad government .

Faced with mutual incomprehension on one hand and linguistic imperialism on the other , there have been many attempts to introduce a standard world language .
faced with mutual incomprehension on one hand and linguistic imperialism on the other , there have been many [tries] to introduce a standard world language .

He also has a quartet he attempts to rule with a very firm hand and an inadequate manager called Giant ( Spike Lee himself ) whose obsession with gambling is one reason why the group is prone to the exploitation of ( white ) New York club owners .
he also has a quartet he [tries] to rule with a very firm hand and an inadequate manager called giant ( spike lee himself ) whose obsession with gambling is one reason why the group is prone to the exploitation of ( white ) new york club owners .

She attempts to show , for instance , how the middle-class Western housewife is as exploited by male-dominated multinational policy as the Honduran woman working in the banana-packing plant .
she [tries] to show , for instance , how the middle-class western housewife is as exploited by male-dominated multinational policy as the honduran woman working in the banana-packing plant .

Sharing his stretch of pavement with a juggler , a dancer and various other human flotsam , the Street Artist attempts the odd portrait for a paying customer but spends most of his time sitting around wistfully .
sharing his stretch of pavement with a juggler , a dancer and various other human flotsam , the street artist [tries] the odd portrait for a paying customer but spends most of his time sitting around wistfully .

Paul Schrader 's Blue Collar in 1978 and Karel Reisz 's Saturday Night and Sunday Morning in 1960 are probably the two most famous attempts to sincerely conjure the dull routines of the shop floor .
paul schrader 's blue collar in 1978 and karel reisz 's saturday night and sunday morning in 1960 are probably the two most famous [tries] to sincerely conjure the dull routines of the shop floor .

Maybe She 's laughing right now at even his attempts to disentangle it all .
maybe she 's laughing right now at even his [tries] to disentangle it all .

Since this tactic came into operation in September 1987 all founding members of the banana trade union movement have been assassinated or subjected to assassination attempts .
since this tactic came into operation in september 1987 all founding members of the banana trade union movement have been assassinated or subjected to assassination [tries] .

Many attempts have been made in the House to reform the private Bill procedure and many of them have collapsed because it has always been easier for a private measure to be introduced .
many [tries] have been made in the house to reform the private bill procedure and many of them have collapsed because it has always been easier for a private measure to be introduced .

It attempts to paint over the blemishes rather than remove them .
it [tries] to paint over the blemishes rather than remove them .

: ’ Speaking in London almost a year after becoming Chairman of British Coal , Mr. Clarke said — What we are seeing is a sort of energy arms race , with attempts to justify it on the grounds of guaranteeing security , diversity and competition — but in reality , guaranteeing nothing but higher electricity prices , a rapid abandonment of other fuel reserves , and reliance on as yet unproven overseas resources . '
: ’ speaking in london almost a year after becoming chairman of british coal , mr. clarke said — what we are seeing is a sort of energy arms race , with [tries] to justify it on the grounds of guaranteeing security , diversity and competition — but in reality , guaranteeing nothing but higher electricity prices , a rapid abandonment of other fuel reserves , and reliance on as yet unproven overseas resources . '

Since 1980 , the Home Office has collected its own crime figures through the British crime survey , which attempts to gauge the total number of crimes committed rather than those notified to the police .
since 1980 , the home office has collected its own crime figures through the british crime survey , which [tries] to gauge the total number of crimes committed rather than those notified to the police .

Its credibility has been severely damaged and its attempts to find a solution to the problem have resulted in abject failure .
its credibility has been severely damaged and its [tries] to find a solution to the problem have resulted in abject failure .

Member for Dagenham attempts to lead the public into believing that Labour would operate a more generous rebate system .
member for dagenham [tries] to lead the public into believing that labour would operate a more generous rebate system .

At first , all attempts to gain access in this manner were as unsuccessful as those through the door .
at first , all [tries] to gain access in this manner were as unsuccessful as those through the door .

Will the Secretary of State confirm that whatever savings the Ministry of Defence may make by the regimental amalgamations proposed in ’ Options for Change ’ , there will be considerable on-costs to the public purse , through expenditure on unemployment and housing benefits ? What are the Ministry of Defence estimates of the costs of that and what attempts are his Department making to cover some of those costs ?
will the secretary of state confirm that whatever savings the ministry of defence may make by the regimental amalgamations proposed in ’ options for change ’ , there will be considerable on-costs to the public purse , through expenditure on unemployment and housing benefits ? what are the ministry of defence estimates of the costs of that and what [tries] are his department making to cover some of those costs ?

This year 's Employment Institute economic report on the social charter found that ’ attempts by the Government to foster labour market flexibility will be undermined by the directives presently contained within the Social Action Programme . ’
this year 's employment institute economic report on the social charter found that ’ [tries] by the government to foster labour market flexibility will be undermined by the directives presently contained within the social action programme . ’

Is the Minister aware that three annual checks by Welsh trading standards officers discovered that as many as one in five lorries on Welsh roads are overloaded , yet the chance of being checked is one in every 5,000 journeys ? When will the Minister do something to reduce the damage and danger caused by heavy lorries , especially in rural areas such as my constituency and the areas of Caerleon and Marshfield ? Will he promise to resist all attempts to increase the maximum permitted weights of heavy lorries ?
is the minister aware that three annual checks by welsh trading standards officers discovered that as many as one in five lorries on welsh roads are overloaded , yet the chance of being checked is one in every 5,000 journeys ? when will the minister do something to reduce the damage and danger caused by heavy lorries , especially in rural areas such as my constituency and the areas of caerleon and marshfield ? will he promise to resist all [tries] to increase the maximum permitted weights of heavy lorries ?

Clearly , the recent bombing campaign in Northern Ireland does not help our attempts to attract inward investment , but all parties in the House , as part of a Northern Ireland team , work together on ways of trying to get more investment .
clearly , the recent bombing campaign in northern ireland does not help our [tries] to attract inward investment , but all parties in the house , as part of a northern ireland team , work together on ways of trying to get more investment .

The only thing that stands between county hall being put to good use is the Labour-controlled Lambeth borough council , which is squandering charge payers ' money on increasingly desperate but unsuccessful attempts to prevent the sale of county hall and its productive use for hotel and residential accommodation .
the only thing that stands between county hall being put to good use is the labour-controlled lambeth borough council , which is squandering charge payers ' money on increasingly desperate but unsuccessful [tries] to prevent the sale of county hall and its productive use for hotel and residential accommodation .

If asked , would my right hon. Friend be able to confirm that private sponsorship of the arts has generated an additional £46 million on top of the already large amounts of public expenditure ? Would he also be able to confirm that the only threat to the continuation of that expenditure is the election of philistines of the left , who are opposed to the scheme and whose tax policies would pulverise the attempts of those who support the arts ?
if asked , would my right hon. friend be able to confirm that private sponsorship of the arts has generated an additional £46 million on top of the already large amounts of public expenditure ? would he also be able to confirm that the only threat to the continuation of that expenditure is the election of philistines of the left , who are opposed to the scheme and whose tax policies would pulverise the [tries] of those who support the arts ?

We take very seriously our attempts to secure employment for disabled people in the Government .
we take very seriously our [tries] to secure employment for disabled people in the government .

The council tax is a fair , balanced and carefully thought-out approach to local government finance which builds constructively on previous attempts at reform and takes full account of the consultations that my right hon .
the council tax is a fair , balanced and carefully thought-out approach to local government finance which builds constructively on previous [tries] at reform and takes full account of the consultations that my right hon .

Although while making those allegations and telling their bar room stories the Government have added that they propose to respect their obligations under United Nations conventions , they have always followed that with attempts to make the nation 's flesh creep with the thought of the foreign hordes from whom an heroic Home Secretary is now protecting us .
although while making those allegations and telling their bar room stories the government have added that they propose to respect their obligations under united nations conventions , they have always followed that with [tries] to make the nation 's flesh creep with the thought of the foreign hordes from whom an heroic home secretary is now protecting us .

The Labour party 's reliance on producers rather than consumers will constantly bedevil its attempts to convince the British people that it is serious on these issues .
the labour party 's reliance on producers rather than consumers will constantly bedevil its [tries] to convince the british people that it is serious on these issues .

Will the Minister resist any attempts to change the position in the water industry and any attempts to remove the need for a court order for disconnection ?
will the minister resist any [tries] to change the position in the water industry and any [tries] to remove the need for a court order for disconnection ?

if they are to maintain their position — If the Tory party demonstrates its great nervousness by its attempts to disrupt , the whole country will form an accurate opinion —
if they are to maintain their position — if the tory party demonstrates its great nervousness by its [tries] to disrupt , the whole country will form an accurate opinion —

Even so , she was glad when he stood well back as she did a spell at the tiller , correcting her attempts vocally rather than physically .
even so , she was glad when he stood well back as she did a spell at the tiller , correcting her [tries] vocally rather than physically .

Fen , it seemed , had foreseen such an eventuality , hence his attempts to evict her .
fen , it seemed , had foreseen such an eventuality , hence his [tries] to evict her .

Despite her faint protests and attempts to ward him off , he was busily stripping off her wet and foul-smelling clothing .
despite her faint protests and [tries] to ward him off , he was busily stripping off her wet and foul-smelling clothing .

Whether we call some individuals Ranters , others Levellers , Diggers , Muggletonians , early Quakers and so forth and then present them either as a type of ‘ lunatic fringe ’ to mainstream developments or , as Hill eloquently puts it in his The World Turned Upside Down : ‘ the attempts of various groups of the common people to impose their own solutions to the problems of their time , in opposition to the wishes of their betters who had called them into political action ’ is a matter of current political alignment and represents the way we wish to intervene in the present as in the past .
whether we call some individuals ranters , others levellers , diggers , muggletonians , early quakers and so forth and then present them either as a type of ‘ lunatic fringe ’ to mainstream developments or , as hill eloquently puts it in his the world turned upside down : ‘ the [tries] of various groups of the common people to impose their own solutions to the problems of their time , in opposition to the wishes of their betters who had called them into political action ’ is a matter of current political alignment and represents the way we wish to intervene in the present as in the past .

Foucault 's remarks are sustained , however , when we come to attempts to author Doctor Faustus .
foucault 's remarks are sustained , however , when we come to [tries] to author doctor faustus .

Oliver was fairly proof against Emmie 's attempts to frighten him but this ingenious touch was too much .
oliver was fairly proof against emmie 's [tries] to frighten him but this ingenious touch was too much .

The efficiency explanation contrasts sharply with attempts to explain organizational forms in terms of power , drawing on political and sociological concepts .
the efficiency explanation contrasts sharply with [tries] to explain organizational forms in terms of power , drawing on political and sociological concepts .

It is less so for criterion-referenced testing , which attempts to produce an absolute , rather than a relative , measurement .
it is less so for criterion-referenced testing , which [tries] to produce an absolute , rather than a relative , measurement .

The investigators also want to show whether attempts to ‘ switch ’ young people on to new technology are working .
the investigators also want to show whether [tries] to ‘ switch ’ young people on to new technology are working .

Thus , their measurement is a valuable ‘ on-line ’ index of a reader 's attempts to derive a coherent representation of meaning .
thus , their measurement is a valuable ‘ on-line ’ index of a reader 's [tries] to derive a coherent representation of meaning .

‘ If the blame is to be laid at anyone 's door , it was simply my over-zealous attempts to get closer to the wildlife .
‘ if the blame is to be laid at anyone 's door , it was simply my over-zealous [tries] to get closer to the wildlife .

‘ Quiet ! ’ he spat , ignoring her futile attempts to push his hand away .
‘ quiet ! ’ he spat , ignoring her futile [tries] to push his hand away .

’ Taking no notice of her feeble attempts to bat his hands away , Guy pulled Isabel into his arms , holding her tight , murmuring to her , soothing her .
’ taking no notice of her feeble [tries] to bat his hands away , guy pulled isabel into his arms , holding her tight , murmuring to her , soothing her .

then smiles and attempts to tell him
then smiles and [tries] to tell him

Any scheme which attempts to remain stable over an extended time period will in some sense be a compromise .
any scheme which [tries] to remain stable over an extended time period will in some sense be a compromise .

Other distinctions that were drawn — between democracy and absolutism , between monarchy and republic , between Western political institutions and ‘ Oriental despotism ’ — expressed current political interests and ideological commitments ; and indeed all the attempts to construct a typology of political systems are marked to some degree by an intermingling of scientific analysis and the value judgements which arise from real political struggles .
other distinctions that were drawn — between democracy and absolutism , between monarchy and republic , between western political institutions and ‘ oriental despotism ’ — expressed current political interests and ideological commitments ; and indeed all the [tries] to construct a typology of political systems are marked to some degree by an intermingling of scientific analysis and the value judgements which arise from real political struggles .

These differences influenced success or failure just as they did in earlier state-making attempts , especially through their effect upon economic growth , which not only provides resources for extending the state apparatus and developing national education , but is also a major factor in conferring legitimacy upon the regime .
these differences influenced success or failure just as they did in earlier state-making [tries] , especially through their effect upon economic growth , which not only provides resources for extending the state apparatus and developing national education , but is also a major factor in conferring legitimacy upon the regime .

In opposition to nationalism , however , there have been renewed attempts since 1945 to create supranational organizations , not only on a world scale through the establishment of the United Nations and its various agencies , but also on a regional basis .
in opposition to nationalism , however , there have been renewed [tries] since 1945 to create supranational organizations , not only on a world scale through the establishment of the united nations and its various agencies , but also on a regional basis .

Other attempts to restrict preferences of voters seem equally to have had limited success .
other [tries] to restrict preferences of voters seem equally to have had limited success .

‘ Yes ! You never smile , you slap down all attempts at help or friendliness . You avoid the villagers , who 've done their damnedest to help you ! You 've — ’
‘ yes ! you never smile , you slap down all [tries] at help or friendliness . you avoid the villagers , who 've done their damnedest to help you ! you 've — ’

If he attempts to talk to you , you will flick him a haughty glance and say nothing .
if he [tries] to talk to you , you will flick him a haughty glance and say nothing .

To give him his due , he made no attempt to hide this consuming interest of his : it would have seemed pointless , for he assumed that everyone else was similarly obsessed , and would see through his attempts at concealment .
to give him his due , he made no attempt to hide this consuming interest of his : it would have seemed pointless , for he assumed that everyone else was similarly obsessed , and would see through his [tries] at concealment .

Since he had ten minutes of lunch-break left he strolled into the canteen and sat down with Hickson , one of his more elderly colleagues — an avuncular type , deep in local politics , and decidedly cynical about Greg 's attempts to resuscitate an era of Oswaldston history long and thankfully closed .
since he had ten minutes of lunch-break left he strolled into the canteen and sat down with hickson , one of his more elderly colleagues — an avuncular type , deep in local politics , and decidedly cynical about greg 's [tries] to resuscitate an era of oswaldston history long and thankfully closed .

British attempts to create a free market in energy , especially in the generation and sale of electricity and in the distribution of gas , have not met with much more success .
british [tries] to create a free market in energy , especially in the generation and sale of electricity and in the distribution of gas , have not met with much more success .

After repeated attempts to bring the shadow Cabinet around to his opposition to the ‘ permanent deflation and lack of democracy ’ implied in the Maastricht Treaty , Mr Gould resigned from the shadow Cabinet on 27 September 1992 , saying that his wish to speak out on the Maastricht Treaty was incompatible with the burden of collective responsibility , and claiming that over one hundred Labour MPs supported his position .
after repeated [tries] to bring the shadow cabinet around to his opposition to the ‘ permanent deflation and lack of democracy ’ implied in the maastricht treaty , mr gould resigned from the shadow cabinet on 27 september 1992 , saying that his wish to speak out on the maastricht treaty was incompatible with the burden of collective responsibility , and claiming that over one hundred labour mps supported his position .

Attempts to stabilize an economy 's real output by systematic manipulation of aggregate demand will fail since , by making aggregate demand predictable , they also render it ineffective .
[tries] to stabilize an economy 's real output by systematic manipulation of aggregate demand will fail since , by making aggregate demand predictable , they also render it ineffective .

For if prices are rigid in the McCallum sense , the main results of the flexible-price models carry through : in particular , systematic attempts to stabilize real output , employment and other real variables will fail ; whereas if prices are sticky over long enough to permit policy adjustments by the government , the case for the type of stabilization policy advocated by Keynesian economists is restored even if expectations are rational .
for if prices are rigid in the mccallum sense , the main results of the flexible-price models carry through : in particular , systematic [tries] to stabilize real output , employment and other real variables will fail ; whereas if prices are sticky over long enough to permit policy adjustments by the government , the case for the type of stabilization policy advocated by keynesian economists is restored even if expectations are rational .

The third approach attempts to avoid the approximation of Koopmans ' Theorem by deriving binding energies as the differences in total energies between the molecule and the highly excited positive ions formed by removing core electrons .
the third approach [tries] to avoid the approximation of koopmans ' theorem by deriving binding energies as the differences in total energies between the molecule and the highly excited positive ions formed by removing core electrons .

He fought their attempts to carry him out with the strength of one possessed .
he fought their [tries] to carry him out with the strength of one possessed .

Inspection of the raw data reveals the primary reason : on the first repetition most subjects were ignoring most of the dynamic aspects of the decision problem , and their attempts at estimating the myopically optimal output were generally rather poor .
inspection of the raw data reveals the primary reason : on the first repetition most subjects were ignoring most of the dynamic aspects of the decision problem , and their [tries] at estimating the myopically optimal output were generally rather poor .

We then stack up in a data matrix of 1,536 rows all such data matrices for all subjects on both attempts .
we then stack up in a data matrix of 1,536 rows all such data matrices for all subjects on both [tries] .

Consider first equation ( 6 ) , summarizing the first attempts .
consider first equation ( 6 ) , summarizing the first [tries] .

So subjects were not , on their first attempts , exploiting the opportunities offered by the dynamic aspects of the decision problem .
so subjects were not , on their first [tries] , exploiting the opportunities offered by the dynamic aspects of the decision problem .

One of the earliest attempts to characterize depositional environments by means of bivariate scattergrams was that of Stewart ( 1958 ) who plotted median against skewness and standard deviation for sediments from rivers , wave dominant zones and quiet water environments , and defined envelopes within which his analyses occurred ( Fig. 3.9 ) : Also , using graphic techniques , Schlee , Uchupi & trumbull ( 1965 ) were unable to distinguish beach and dune sands from grain size data alone .
one of the earliest [tries] to characterize depositional environments by means of bivariate scattergrams was that of stewart ( 1958 ) who plotted median against skewness and standard deviation for sediments from rivers , wave dominant zones and quiet water environments , and defined envelopes within which his analyses occurred ( fig. 3.9 ) : also , using graphic techniques , schlee , uchupi & trumbull ( 1965 ) were unable to distinguish beach and dune sands from grain size data alone .

This chapter attempts to portray fabrics which may develop within any sediment , independent of mineralogy .
this chapter [tries] to portray fabrics which may develop within any sediment , independent of mineralogy .

Alan Dysart , the outspoken junior Defence minister , yesterday insisted that attempts on his life would not deter him from denouncing those seeking to overthrow democracy in Northern Ireland … .
alan dysart , the outspoken junior defence minister , yesterday insisted that [tries] on his life would not deter him from denouncing those seeking to overthrow democracy in northern ireland … .

And all attempts at deception would therefore be wasted .
and all [tries] at deception would therefore be wasted .

The attempts by banks in recent years to find new sources of deposit has become known as liability management , and signifies an important change in bank behaviour .
the [tries] by banks in recent years to find new sources of deposit has become known as liability management , and signifies an important change in bank behaviour .

Attempts to do so will lead merely to higher interest rates .
[tries] to do so will lead merely to higher interest rates .

My neighbour moves less and less , attempts less .
my neighbour moves less and less , [tries] less .

Her laughs were an assassin 's attempts
her laughs were an assassin 's [tries]

Joseph 's attempts to end the dominance of the Hungarian county assemblies by the local gentry , and to substitute German for Latin as the language of administration , provoked deep and passionate national resentment .
joseph 's [tries] to end the dominance of the hungarian county assemblies by the local gentry , and to substitute german for latin as the language of administration , provoked deep and passionate national resentment .

Russian Formalism represents one of the earliest systematic attempts to put literary studies on an independent footing , and to make the study of literature an autonomous and specific discipline .
russian formalism represents one of the earliest systematic [tries] to put literary studies on an independent footing , and to make the study of literature an autonomous and specific discipline .

Shklovsky 's ingenious attempts to draw parallels between poetic devices and devices of plot construction show how far Formalist literary theory did indeed have its roots in poetry .
shklovsky 's ingenious [tries] to draw parallels between poetic devices and devices of plot construction show how far formalist literary theory did indeed have its roots in poetry .

‘ Irony ’ is a strategic term that indicates the capacity of poetry to resist or elude our attempts to reduce it to conventional modes of expression .
‘ irony ’ is a strategic term that indicates the capacity of poetry to resist or elude our [tries] to reduce it to conventional modes of expression .

It was n't often that men shrugged off her attempts to pay her way .
it was n't often that men shrugged off her [tries] to pay her way .

But she was n't obliged to return his kiss , and she did n't , keeping her mouth firmly shut , her body rigid in her attempts not to respond to him .
but she was n't obliged to return his kiss , and she did n't , keeping her mouth firmly shut , her body rigid in her [tries] not to respond to him .

Alyssia 's roundabout attempts to find answers to some of her questions died on her lips .
alyssia 's roundabout [tries] to find answers to some of her questions died on her lips .

Since their mother 's death Claudia had hoped to come closer to her sister , but Dana had the world at her feet and she laughed at all Claudia 's attempts to resurrect the bond they had shared as children .
since their mother 's death claudia had hoped to come closer to her sister , but dana had the world at her feet and she laughed at all claudia 's [tries] to resurrect the bond they had shared as children .

He did n't attempt to touch her again , but he stood squarely in front of her , thwarting her attempts to escape .
he did n't attempt to touch her again , but he stood squarely in front of her , thwarting her [tries] to escape .

Incidentally , these examples illustrate how quickly textbooks date and the above three questions illustrate that mathematics which attempts to be relevant can quickly become ridiculous .
incidentally , these examples illustrate how quickly textbooks date and the above three questions illustrate that mathematics which [tries] to be relevant can quickly become ridiculous .

However , summative assessment seeks , for each pupil , to classify mathematical knowledge into what is ‘ known ’ and what is ‘ not known ’ , whereas good formative assessment attempts to focus on precisely the ‘ grey areas in between ’ that summative assessment sets out to avoid .
however , summative assessment seeks , for each pupil , to classify mathematical knowledge into what is ‘ known ’ and what is ‘ not known ’ , whereas good formative assessment [tries] to focus on precisely the ‘ grey areas in between ’ that summative assessment sets out to avoid .

Attempts to trace one taxi in Istanbul , after a year and more , naturally fell flat .
[tries] to trace one taxi in istanbul , after a year and more , naturally fell flat .

Examples of the former would include the development of greater skill in the use of available equipment , whilst the second attempts to develop fundamental changes in school and classroom practices .
examples of the former would include the development of greater skill in the use of available equipment , whilst the second [tries] to develop fundamental changes in school and classroom practices .

This chapter attempts to answer these questions partly by reference to work in the field and in part through a review and analysis of works of fiction typically used as ‘ whole class readers ’ in the lower years of six secondary comprehensive schools and falls into two parts .
this chapter [tries] to answer these questions partly by reference to work in the field and in part through a review and analysis of works of fiction typically used as ‘ whole class readers ’ in the lower years of six secondary comprehensive schools and falls into two parts .

What now follows is an example of one such analysis in the area of English ; the use of the ‘ class reader ’ which attempts to answer the question : ‘ Does the selection of such texts take into account the above criteria ? ’
what now follows is an example of one such analysis in the area of english ; the use of the ‘ class reader ’ which [tries] to answer the question : ‘ does the selection of such texts take into account the above criteria ? ’

To disseminate to teachers the work of other interested parties ( publishers — research organizations ) and the outcomes of their attempts at finding solutions to the problem of explicit and latent sexism in children 's literature
to disseminate to teachers the work of other interested parties ( publishers — research organizations ) and the outcomes of their [tries] at finding solutions to the problem of explicit and latent sexism in children 's literature

Attempts to make the arts accountable by submitting them to forms of assessment which properly belong elsewhere may actually make them appear wanting by looking for inappropriate forms of proof .
[tries] to make the arts accountable by submitting them to forms of assessment which properly belong elsewhere may actually make them appear wanting by looking for inappropriate forms of proof .

Confrontation with a novel or unexpected event , in which few replicative aspects are evident , may mean that inappropriate constructs come to be applied as when a viewer orientated towards figurative painting attempts to discover recognizable content with an abstract work .
confrontation with a novel or unexpected event , in which few replicative aspects are evident , may mean that inappropriate constructs come to be applied as when a viewer orientated towards figurative painting [tries] to discover recognizable content with an abstract work .

’ , she asked , and followed such questions with attempts to identify aspects in terms of specific features such as figures , a gravestone , a crucifix , etc before stating , ‘ It 's shocking — it 's so unbelievable !
’ , she asked , and followed such questions with [tries] to identify aspects in terms of specific features such as figures , a gravestone , a crucifix , etc before stating , ‘ it 's shocking — it 's so unbelievable !

In less experienced viewers the perceptual cycle centred much more upon attempts to confirm existing hypotheses than upon exploration .
in less experienced viewers the perceptual cycle centred much more upon [tries] to confirm existing hypotheses than upon exploration .

Theodora really does make attempts on the Christian life , Julia thought .
theodora really does make [tries] on the christian life , julia thought .

‘ When you saw them off finally , did you notice anything else in the court ? ’ Theodora had by now abandoned all attempts not to sound like an interrogator .
‘ when you saw them off finally , did you notice anything else in the court ? ’ theodora had by now abandoned all [tries] not to sound like an interrogator .

Her attempts at explication had only clouded her own contemporary voice , and led her far astray from the feeling heart of the matter .
her [tries] at explication had only clouded her own contemporary voice , and led her far astray from the feeling heart of the matter .

Few attempts have been made to set these earliest of monuments into any sort of context , but stimulating ideas of their contemporary landscapes have been proposed both by Colin Renfrew , who has argued that the tombs belonged to groups and therefore represent ‘ territories ’ , very much as the medieval church related to parish communities , and Graeme Barker and Derrick Webley , who have argued for the inhabitants of causewayed enclosures exploiting a variety of different landscapes , much as Bronze Age and later Iron Age communities did .
few [tries] have been made to set these earliest of monuments into any sort of context , but stimulating ideas of their contemporary landscapes have been proposed both by colin renfrew , who has argued that the tombs belonged to groups and therefore represent ‘ territories ’ , very much as the medieval church related to parish communities , and graeme barker and derrick webley , who have argued for the inhabitants of causewayed enclosures exploiting a variety of different landscapes , much as bronze age and later iron age communities did .

However , it would be useful if attempts could be made , as shown here , to relate later hundredal arrangements to early estates and then see if the disintegration of these can be shown before the Norman Conquest .
however , it would be useful if [tries] could be made , as shown here , to relate later hundredal arrangements to early estates and then see if the disintegration of these can be shown before the norman conquest .

The local fieldworker needs to give serious consideration to this if he attempts to explain the pre-medieval settlements in his area .
the local fieldworker needs to give serious consideration to this if he [tries] to explain the pre-medieval settlements in his area .

There have been few attempts to show this , but Barry Cunliffe 's diagram of Chalton settlements and the series of changes shown for Bullock Down in Sussex are interesting analyses which deserve to be emulated .
there have been few [tries] to show this , but barry cunliffe 's diagram of chalton settlements and the series of changes shown for bullock down in sussex are interesting analyses which deserve to be emulated .

The technique of ‘ site catchment analysis ’ attempts to see settlements in their economic regions like this .
the technique of ‘ site catchment analysis ’ [tries] to see settlements in their economic regions like this .

Like the siting of settlements , attempts to examine and understand the patterns , and the distribution of settlements across the landscape , have traditionally been the preserve of geographers .
like the siting of settlements , [tries] to examine and understand the patterns , and the distribution of settlements across the landscape , have traditionally been the preserve of geographers .

Attempts to explain this pattern would be fraught with difficulties .
[tries] to explain this pattern would be fraught with difficulties .

From the seventeenth century onwards , attempts were made to create artificial pools with trapping systems , but it was not until the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries that ideas became at all sophisticated .
from the seventeenth century onwards , [tries] were made to create artificial pools with trapping systems , but it was not until the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries that ideas became at all sophisticated .

‘ Have there been attempts on your father 's life before ? ’
‘ have there been [tries] on your father 's life before ? ’

But the nodding baby , the beginnings of whimpers from Helen who had decided that she minded bitterly that her fairy doll had spent Christmas in a cardboard box , Mrs Chamberlin 's gallant attempts to fight her own fatigue , told her she must go home .
but the nodding baby , the beginnings of whimpers from helen who had decided that she minded bitterly that her fairy doll had spent christmas in a cardboard box , mrs chamberlin 's gallant [tries] to fight her own fatigue , told her she must go home .

Development planning first became widely known about in the 1950 's and since then various attempts have been made to help women , specifically , in underdeveloped countries with varying degrees of success .
development planning first became widely known about in the 1950 's and since then various [tries] have been made to help women , specifically , in underdeveloped countries with varying degrees of success .

They point out that whereas merchants had always been welcome at royal courts as vendors of precious things , in the eighth century , and increasingly in the ninth and tenth centuries , kings embarked on more ambitious attempts to exploit systematically the resources of their realms .
they point out that whereas merchants had always been welcome at royal courts as vendors of precious things , in the eighth century , and increasingly in the ninth and tenth centuries , kings embarked on more ambitious [tries] to exploit systematically the resources of their realms .

The underlying assumption has been that bureaucracy is desirable as an organizational principle because it attempts to clarify authority and accountability while depersonalising their application .
the underlying assumption has been that bureaucracy is desirable as an organizational principle because it [tries] to clarify authority and accountability while depersonalising their application .

The Falangists had made a number of attempts to rescue Primo de Rivera from prison , all of which had failed .
the falangists had made a number of [tries] to rescue primo de rivera from prison , all of which had failed .

As we saw in Chapter 3 , the attempts made by reforming governments during the Second Republic to carry out such reform were one of the principal causes of right-wing hostility to the Republic .
as we saw in chapter 3 , the [tries] made by reforming governments during the second republic to carry out such reform were one of the principal causes of right-wing hostility to the republic .

By the end of February 1941 , however , Axis interest in the Spanish offer had subsided considerably : Hitler 's attention was focused on the Soviet Union ; Ribbentrop had instructed Stohrer to desist from his attempts to secure active Spanish participation ; and Mussolini had reached the conclusion that there was nothing to be gained by pressing Spain further .
by the end of february 1941 , however , axis interest in the spanish offer had subsided considerably : hitler 's attention was focused on the soviet union ; ribbentrop had instructed stohrer to desist from his [tries] to secure active spanish participation ; and mussolini had reached the conclusion that there was nothing to be gained by pressing spain further .

Despite the fact that his previous attempts to draw the western democracies away from the Soviet Union had borne no fruit , Franco wrote to Churchill on 18 October 1944 to propose an anti-Bolshevik alliance and to state his belief that Spain should take part in any post-war peace conference .
despite the fact that his previous [tries] to draw the western democracies away from the soviet union had borne no fruit , franco wrote to churchill on 18 october 1944 to propose an anti-bolshevik alliance and to state his belief that spain should take part in any post-war peace conference .

For both reasons , he resisted attempts to reinsert Spain fully into the international capitalist system until forced to do so by the prospect of a return to wartime rationing .
for both reasons , he resisted [tries] to reinsert spain fully into the international capitalist system until forced to do so by the prospect of a return to wartime rationing .

If it is accepted that successful formative attempts can contribute to the summative assessment , the actual number of formal assessments could be substantially reduced .
if it is accepted that successful formative [tries] can contribute to the summative assessment , the actual number of formal assessments could be substantially reduced .

She bravely attempts to recover the occasion , but this time has to admit defeat and dismiss the guests .
she bravely [tries] to recover the occasion , but this time has to admit defeat and dismiss the guests .

In this study for the Employment Department , Peck and Stone provide some very interesting evidence on employers ' attempts to embrace the new industrial relations .
in this study for the employment department , peck and stone provide some very interesting evidence on employers ' [tries] to embrace the new industrial relations .

Some attempts were made to stem the tide : in November and December 1939 ( in view of the approach of Christmas ) the Board of Education and Ministry of Health launched , via the Ministry of Information , a propaganda campaign to persuade parents to keep their children in reception areas .
some [tries] were made to stem the tide : in november and december 1939 ( in view of the approach of christmas ) the board of education and ministry of health launched , via the ministry of information , a propaganda campaign to persuade parents to keep their children in reception areas .

Articles were placed in the press chronicling the joys of country life ( and — as will be shown — fruitless attempts were made to demonstrate that the rural environment was having a positive effect on the children 's health ) ; talks were given on the radio to parents ; special posters were printed ; and it was arranged for the Queen to visit certain schools in November to publicise the scheme .
articles were placed in the press chronicling the joys of country life ( and — as will be shown — fruitless [tries] were made to demonstrate that the rural environment was having a positive effect on the children 's health ) ; talks were given on the radio to parents ; special posters were printed ; and it was arranged for the queen to visit certain schools in november to publicise the scheme .

Although attempts to inject a more strategic element into economic management were made in the aftermath of the fuel crisis of 1947 , in practice they went little further than attempts at greater co-ordination .
although [tries] to inject a more strategic element into economic management were made in the aftermath of the fuel crisis of 1947 , in practice they went little further than [tries] at greater co-ordination .

When the committee met Hopkins resisted the Section 's attempts to get a new definition of full employment of 2 ½ % ; unemployed , preferring to stick to Beveridge 's 8 ½ % ; dge .
when the committee met hopkins resisted the section 's [tries] to get a new definition of full employment of 2 ½ % ; unemployed , preferring to stick to beveridge 's 8 ½ % ; dge .

His attempts to reform it were guided by the insights of close collaborators from within the educational system , in particular William Brockington , Chief Education Officer of Leicestershire , and Lady Simon , of the Manchester Education Committee .
his [tries] to reform it were guided by the insights of close collaborators from within the educational system , in particular william brockington , chief education officer of leicestershire , and lady simon , of the manchester education committee .

This thesis attempts to make use of one particular aspect of driving which makes it nearly unique in everyday life .
this thesis [tries] to make use of one particular aspect of driving which makes it nearly unique in everyday life .

One area of driving research which has produced some serendipitous results bearing on drivers ’ memory in normal situations results from attempts to investigate drivers ’ perception of traffic signs ( e.g .
one area of driving research which has produced some serendipitous results bearing on drivers ’ memory in normal situations results from [tries] to investigate drivers ’ perception of traffic signs ( e.g .

Attempts to explain relationships between emotional arousal and memory have frequently used frameworks which were originally developed as descriptions of the general relationship between arousal and task performance .
[tries] to explain relationships between emotional arousal and memory have frequently used frameworks which were originally developed as descriptions of the general relationship between arousal and task performance .

Despite such problems , particularly in attempts to define specific neuropsychological correlates to all its forms , the concept of arousal , or activation , continues to be widely used in psychology ( e.g .
despite such problems , particularly in [tries] to define specific neuropsychological correlates to all its forms , the concept of arousal , or activation , continues to be widely used in psychology ( e.g .

The recall instructions were specifically designed to make it difficult for subjects to use previous knowledge in the task and attempts were made to prevent them from mentally retracing the route , a strategy which several of them would otherwise have adopted .
the recall instructions were specifically designed to make it difficult for subjects to use previous knowledge in the task and [tries] were made to prevent them from mentally retracing the route , a strategy which several of them would otherwise have adopted .

It took Martin a long time to get to sleep and even when he did he turned and twisted in feverish attempts to escape the nightmarish pursuit of red , glaring eyes and enormous yellow teeth .
it took martin a long time to get to sleep and even when he did he turned and twisted in feverish [tries] to escape the nightmarish pursuit of red , glaring eyes and enormous yellow teeth .

Phrases of this sort are so familiar that it is not hard to understand a disposition which constantly interferes with attempts to understand syntactic structures , namely a tendency to regard them as transparently clear , with no need for a linguist to do more than record the existence of the surface construction .
phrases of this sort are so familiar that it is not hard to understand a disposition which constantly interferes with [tries] to understand syntactic structures , namely a tendency to regard them as transparently clear , with no need for a linguist to do more than record the existence of the surface construction .

This is the reason why the relationship between an attributive adjective and its noun is not the same as that between a predicative adjective and its noun ( and why attempts to relate them systematically in grammar are misguided ) .
this is the reason why the relationship between an attributive adjective and its noun is not the same as that between a predicative adjective and its noun ( and why [tries] to relate them systematically in grammar are misguided ) .

None the less , it is necessary to point out that there have been a number of attempts to develop what might be called , `` theories of data `` , that is to specify what can count as suitable data for scientific disciplines : some of these we shall be looking at in this book .
none the less , it is necessary to point out that there have been a number of [tries] to develop what might be called , `` theories of data `` , that is to specify what can count as suitable data for scientific disciplines : some of these we shall be looking at in this book .

There are voting , taxation , efforts to measure and record social rank , attempts to fix standards for weights and measures , and above all , money .
there are voting , taxation , efforts to measure and record social rank , [tries] to fix standards for weights and measures , and above all , money .

Attempts to survey political opinions came rather later , though they did have not dissimilar aspirations to those of the market surveyors ; however , they were rather less well conducted .
[tries] to survey political opinions came rather later , though they did have not dissimilar aspirations to those of the market surveyors ; however , they were rather less well conducted .

In the 1980s there have been attempts to develop random sampling procedures as quick and as cheap as quotas .
in the 1980s there have been [tries] to develop random sampling procedures as quick and as cheap as quotas .

This material forms the basis of an account of the social changes in rural Poland , the attempts on the part of emigrating peasants to retain elements of their cultural identity , and their eventual imperfect integration into American society .
this material forms the basis of an account of the social changes in rural poland , the [tries] on the part of emigrating peasants to retain elements of their cultural identity , and their eventual imperfect integration into american society .

At this time , and throughout the 1940s and 1950s , a series of attempts were made to take the problems of attitude measurement , and the related issue of the relationship between attitudes and behaviour , very seriously indeed .
at this time , and throughout the 1940s and 1950s , a series of [tries] were made to take the problems of attitude measurement , and the related issue of the relationship between attitudes and behaviour , very seriously indeed .

But the procedures involved were more than attempts to improve the sensitivity of attitude measures ; they also involved no little reformulation of the theory of attitudes .
but the procedures involved were more than [tries] to improve the sensitivity of attitude measures ; they also involved no little reformulation of the theory of attitudes .

Brown 's unpredictability and his refusal to endorse Clinton led to attempts by senior members of the party to prevent him from addressing the convention .
brown 's unpredictability and his refusal to endorse clinton led to [tries] by senior members of the party to prevent him from addressing the convention .

Durán , the country 's best-known politician and a veteran of two previous presidential attempts , promoted a statesman-like image in his campaign .
durán , the country 's best-known politician and a veteran of two previous presidential [tries] , promoted a statesman-like image in his campaign .

Attempts at emigration
[tries] at emigration

For the first time since August 1991 there were attempts at mass emigration , triggered by rumours that Italy had made preparations to receive refugees .
for the first time since august 1991 there were [tries] at mass emigration , triggered by rumours that italy had made preparations to receive refugees .

On July 6 there were attempts at embarkation by 4,000 people at Dürres , and on the same day several hundred people gathered outside embassies in Tirana demanding the right to emigrate .
on july 6 there were [tries] at embarkation by 4,000 people at dürres , and on the same day several hundred people gathered outside embassies in tirana demanding the right to emigrate .

The Albanian Cabinet announced on July 7 that " illegal strikes , attempts at exoduses " and other such illegal activities were considered " anti-democratic activities " , inspired by " communist-Labourites , burdened with responsibility for the past " .
the albanian cabinet announced on july 7 that " illegal strikes , [tries] at exoduses " and other such illegal activities were considered " anti-democratic activities " , inspired by " communist-labourites , burdened with responsibility for the past " .

Although Meciar pledged the same day to respect the rights of all in Slovakia , including " Hungarians , Poles , Ukrainians … not only as cohabitants but as brothers " , leaders of the 600,000-strong Hungarian minority in Slovakia expressed concern at recent attempts by Slovak leaders to enact restrictive language laws , and said that they would seek regional autonomy within independent Slovakia .
although meciar pledged the same day to respect the rights of all in slovakia , including " hungarians , poles , ukrainians … not only as cohabitants but as brothers " , leaders of the 600,000-strong hungarian minority in slovakia expressed concern at recent [tries] by slovak leaders to enact restrictive language laws , and said that they would seek regional autonomy within independent slovakia .

Although Meciar pledged the same day to respect the rights of all in Slovakia , including " Hungarians , Poles , Ukrainians … not only as cohabitants but as brothers " , leaders of the 600,000-strong Hungarian minority in Slovakia expressed concern at recent attempts by Slovak leaders to enact restrictive language laws , and said that they would seek regional autonomy within independent Slovakia .
although meciar pledged the same day to respect the rights of all in slovakia , including " hungarians , poles , ukrainians … not only as cohabitants but as brothers " , leaders of the 600,000-strong hungarian minority in slovakia expressed concern at recent [tries] by slovak leaders to enact restrictive language laws , and said that they would seek regional autonomy within independent slovakia .

Prime Minister Vitold Fokin , however , took the offensive at the parliamentary session on July 3 , condemning attempts by parliament to interfere in government affairs , threatening the resignation of the Cabinet of Ministers , and walking out with all but two of his ministers .
prime minister vitold fokin , however , took the offensive at the parliamentary session on july 3 , condemning [tries] by parliament to interfere in government affairs , threatening the resignation of the cabinet of ministers , and walking out with all but two of his ministers .

On May 21-27 fighting in the southern Wollo region centred on rebel attempts to cut the road connecting the capital with the north-eastern port of Assab .
on may 21-27 fighting in the southern wollo region centred on rebel [tries] to cut the road connecting the capital with the north-eastern port of assab .

In 1988 , after two unsuccessful attempts , Engholm had been elected Minister President of his home state of Schleswig-Holstein [ see pp .
in 1988 , after two unsuccessful [tries] , engholm had been elected minister president of his home state of schleswig-holstein [ see pp .

He called for the demobilization of police units in Croatia and the surrender of their weapons , and warned that attempts to change internal or external borders would not be tolerated .
he called for the demobilization of police units in croatia and the surrender of their weapons , and warned that [tries] to change internal or external borders would not be tolerated .

On May 27 , Rafsanjani was quoted as saying that he would resist all attempts to `` sabotage `` his government .
on may 27 , rafsanjani was quoted as saying that he would resist all [tries] to `` sabotage `` his government .

The Congress repeatedly defeated government attempts to end monthly indexation of wages to price rises ( officially suspended by decree in June — see p. 37651 ) , forcing the government in February 1991 to introduce by decree a wage and price freeze as part of an austerity package to control inflation [ see p. 38002 ] .
the congress repeatedly defeated government [tries] to end monthly indexation of wages to price rises ( officially suspended by decree in june — see p. 37651 ) , forcing the government in february 1991 to introduce by decree a wage and price freeze as part of an austerity package to control inflation [ see p. 38002 ] .

Proceedings over the next two days involved vitriolic attacks on Clinton together with attempts to reassert the Republican party as the traditional repository of `` family values `` .
proceedings over the next two days involved vitriolic attacks on clinton together with [tries] to reassert the republican party as the traditional repository of `` family values `` .

Thereafter , as Chief of Staff under the new government and then Defence Secretary , Ramos had given unswerving loyalty to Aquino , the single most important factor in enabling her to defeat numerous coup attempts .
thereafter , as chief of staff under the new government and then defence secretary , ramos had given unswerving loyalty to aquino , the single most important factor in enabling her to defeat numerous coup [tries] .

The main speeches called for unity of the armed forces , and denounced attempts to split the Black Sea Fleet [ see p. 38732 ] .
the main speeches called for unity of the armed forces , and denounced [tries] to split the black sea fleet [ see p. 38732 ] .

Attempts to organize a session of parliament — to sanction its own dissolution and call the new elections for April — failed , however , when the number of deputies attending was too small to produce a quorum .
[tries] to organize a session of parliament — to sanction its own dissolution and call the new elections for april — failed , however , when the number of deputies attending was too small to produce a quorum .

Repeated attempts to ascertain the cause of the disaster had encountered difficulties in obtaining information [ see pp .
repeated [tries] to ascertain the cause of the disaster had encountered difficulties in obtaining information [ see pp .

The Collective State Presidency , after several abortive attempts to meet , also finally endorsed it at the end of a 14-hour session on July 12 ( again not attended by Drnovsek ) , but imposed new demands and deadlines .
the collective state presidency , after several abortive [tries] to meet , also finally endorsed it at the end of a 14-hour session on july 12 ( again not attended by drnovsek ) , but imposed new demands and deadlines .

Breakdown of attempts to agree upon compromise legislation
breakdown of [tries] to agree upon compromise legislation

Attempts by the United States to organize a Middle East peace conference remained deadlocked at the end of August .
[tries] by the united states to organize a middle east peace conference remained deadlocked at the end of august .

Moniba had fled from Liberia in September 1990 , after three months in hiding following attempts by him and others to persuade Doe to step down .
moniba had fled from liberia in september 1990 , after three months in hiding following [tries] by him and others to persuade doe to step down .

Several `` rightist `` Army officers , implicated in coup attempts , were arrested in late December and January .
several `` rightist `` army officers , implicated in coup [tries] , were arrested in late december and january .

The federal national bank set in train attempts to block the Serbian issue and to recover the money already released .
the federal national bank set in train [tries] to block the serbian issue and to recover the money already released .

His first choice , Jan Olszewski , had abandoned attempts to form a government on Dec. 18 principally because of fundamental disagreements with Leszek Balcerowicz , the Finance Minister in the outgoing government and architect of the unpopular `` shock therapy `` free-market economic reforms .
his first choice , jan olszewski , had abandoned [tries] to form a government on dec. 18 principally because of fundamental disagreements with leszek balcerowicz , the finance minister in the outgoing government and architect of the unpopular `` shock therapy `` free-market economic reforms .

Some 140 of those on board had died either of hunger and heat exhaustion on the ship , or in attempts to swim ashore .
some 140 of those on board had died either of hunger and heat exhaustion on the ship , or in [tries] to swim ashore .

Conversely , instances of anti-abortion legislation which went far beyond the Pennsylvania statute — particularly in Louisiana , Utah and Guam , where attempts had been made to outlaw almost all abortions — appeared doomed to failure .
conversely , instances of anti-abortion legislation which went far beyond the pennsylvania statute — particularly in louisiana , utah and guam , where [tries] had been made to outlaw almost all abortions — appeared doomed to failure .

Attempts by the city council to force him from office had proved unsuccessful , and the process had been complicated by frequent changes of mind by Gates over when and whether he was willing to step down .
[tries] by the city council to force him from office had proved unsuccessful , and the process had been complicated by frequent changes of mind by gates over when and whether he was willing to step down .

The lease did guarantee the rights of these Hindu residents to cross Tin Bigha into India , but the transfer had nevertheless generated widespread opposition among local Hindus , and attempts to block it through a series of court cases , until in 1990 the Indian Supreme Court ruled the transfer constitutional .
the lease did guarantee the rights of these hindu residents to cross tin bigha into india , but the transfer had nevertheless generated widespread opposition among local hindus , and [tries] to block it through a series of court cases , until in 1990 the indian supreme court ruled the transfer constitutional .

The television centre was occupied by the opposition on Sept. 21 , but their attempts to broadcast were prevented by the government 's cutting electricity supplies to the building , while Gamsakhurdia continued to broadcast from the Supreme Soviet building .
the television centre was occupied by the opposition on sept. 21 , but their [tries] to broadcast were prevented by the government 's cutting electricity supplies to the building , while gamsakhurdia continued to broadcast from the supreme soviet building .

By the latter part of 1990 Ramiz Alia 's attempts to control unrest through concessions were visibly failing , each concession serving merely to encourage further demands [ see pp .
by the latter part of 1990 ramiz alia 's [tries] to control unrest through concessions were visibly failing , each concession serving merely to encourage further demands [ see pp .

Attempts to co-operate with Hungary were clouded by the failure to agree on the future of the Danube hydro-electric system [ see p. 38161 ] , and by problems over the treatment of national minorities on their respective territories .
[tries] to co-operate with hungary were clouded by the failure to agree on the future of the danube hydro-electric system [ see p. 38161 ] , and by problems over the treatment of national minorities on their respective territories .

Popular opposition in December 1990 to war in the Gulf , the 3,000,000-strong Islamic community in France and France 's longstanding involvement in the Middle East , were behind President Mitterrand 's 11th-hour attempts in January to achieve a negotiated settlement with Iraq — an arms client and , provisionally , an ally [ see pp .
popular opposition in december 1990 to war in the gulf , the 3,000,000-strong islamic community in france and france 's longstanding involvement in the middle east , were behind president mitterrand 's 11th-hour [tries] in january to achieve a negotiated settlement with iraq — an arms client and , provisionally , an ally [ see pp .

Attempts to bring former East German leaders to trial
[tries] to bring former east german leaders to trial

Attempts were made to bring Erich Honecker , the former East German party and government leader , to trial on charges of giving the " shoot-to-kill " order to guards preventing illegal border-crossings , but the Soviet Union , where Honecker and his wife were , refused to hand him over to the German authorities [ see pp. 37828-29 ; 38110 ; for June sentencing of Harry Tisch see pp. 37967 ; 38298 ] .
[tries] were made to bring erich honecker , the former east german party and government leader , to trial on charges of giving the " shoot-to-kill " order to guards preventing illegal border-crossings , but the soviet union , where honecker and his wife were , refused to hand him over to the german authorities [ see pp. 37828-29 ; 38110 ; for june sentencing of harry tisch see pp. 37967 ; 38298 ] .

Further attempts to put on the agenda votes on creating a directly elected presidency and scheduling elections were defeated on April 1 and 2 , the Congress voting to delay discussion of the issues until its next regular session .
further [tries] to put on the agenda votes on creating a directly elected presidency and scheduling elections were defeated on april 1 and 2 , the congress voting to delay discussion of the issues until its next regular session .

Rathore 's government , dominated by the Azad Kashmir People 's Party , had resigned on March 31 , complaining of `` repeated attempts by the opposition Moslem Conference to topple the government through unconstitutional means `` .
rathore 's government , dominated by the azad kashmir people 's party , had resigned on march 31 , complaining of `` repeated [tries] by the opposition moslem conference to topple the government through unconstitutional means `` .

Federal attempts to halt secession
federal [tries] to halt secession

The response of the security forces to the peaceful demonstrations had been generally restrained , but on July 23 , following several unsuccessful attempts by the opposition to take over government buildings and install its `` ministers `` in office , Ratsiraka declared a state of emergency , including a night-time curfew , and issued warrants for the arrest of opposition leaders .
the response of the security forces to the peaceful demonstrations had been generally restrained , but on july 23 , following several unsuccessful [tries] by the opposition to take over government buildings and install its `` ministers `` in office , ratsiraka declared a state of emergency , including a night-time curfew , and issued warrants for the arrest of opposition leaders .

Reports in early July indicated illegal attempts to import sensitive mini-computers with nuclear application from Norway via the United Kingdom .
reports in early july indicated illegal [tries] to import sensitive mini-computers with nuclear application from norway via the united kingdom .

The opposition Awami League opposed the motion , which followed attempts in early July to restore parliamentary rule and to ratify the appointment of acting President , Shehabuddin Ahmed , and all actions taken by him during his tenure .
the opposition awami league opposed the motion , which followed [tries] in early july to restore parliamentary rule and to ratify the appointment of acting president , shehabuddin ahmed , and all actions taken by him during his tenure .

Walesa twice used his veto in attempts to force through his amendments but was overruled on June 28 [ see p. 38305 ] .
walesa twice used his veto in [tries] to force through his amendments but was overruled on june 28 [ see p. 38305 ] .

Attempts to piece together the Declaration [ see also p. 38313 ] had reportedly been fraught with disagreements between the Gulf states , on the one hand , and Egypt and Syria , which were allegedly keen to assume a greater regional role entailing substantial remuneration .
[tries] to piece together the declaration [ see also p. 38313 ] had reportedly been fraught with disagreements between the gulf states , on the one hand , and egypt and syria , which were allegedly keen to assume a greater regional role entailing substantial remuneration .

The media , freed of censorship following the February 1990 changes , vilified several of the candidates , while warning of attempts to incite violence and disruption .
the media , freed of censorship following the february 1990 changes , vilified several of the candidates , while warning of [tries] to incite violence and disruption .

Attempts to alleviate economic crisis in eastern Germany — Renewed protests
[tries] to alleviate economic crisis in eastern germany — renewed protests

The army 's deployment in the south was part of the government 's attempts to reassert control over the country under the terms of the Arab League-sponsored Taif peace accords [ see pp .
the army 's deployment in the south was part of the government 's [tries] to reassert control over the country under the terms of the arab league-sponsored taif peace accords [ see pp .

Except when Kennedy denounced `` attempts of character assassination `` against her , they did not act as her advocates and merely sought to get her testimony on record .
except when kennedy denounced `` [tries] of character assassination `` against her , they did not act as her advocates and merely sought to get her testimony on record .

Failure of coup attempts
failure of coup [tries]

Soldiers loyal to President Gnassingbe Eyadema , who was divested by the national conference in August of all but his ceremonial powers [ see p. 38379 ] , twice stormed the national radio and television station on Oct. 1 , in separate attempts to return him to power .
soldiers loyal to president gnassingbe eyadema , who was divested by the national conference in august of all but his ceremonial powers [ see p. 38379 ] , twice stormed the national radio and television station on oct. 1 , in separate [tries] to return him to power .

Bush had vetoed a total of 23 bills , and all 11 attempts by Congress to override him had proved unsuccessful .
bush had vetoed a total of 23 bills , and all 11 [tries] by congress to override him had proved unsuccessful .

Attempts in January 1991 to rush through the privatization of the banking sector had met with legal objections [ see pp .
[tries] in january 1991 to rush through the privatization of the banking sector had met with legal objections [ see pp .

Initial attempts to form government
initial [tries] to form government

The end of October was marked by a series of protest rallies in Tirana and attempts to leave the country from the ports of Vlorë and Durrës , as well as countrywide strikes .
the end of october was marked by a series of protest rallies in tirana and [tries] to leave the country from the ports of vlorë and durrës , as well as countrywide strikes .

The Supreme Court had on Feb. 1 rejected any further attempts to try García for corruption during his term of office [ see p. 38718 ] .
the supreme court had on feb. 1 rejected any further [tries] to try garcía for corruption during his term of office [ see p. 38718 ] .

On April 18-19 , Easter weekend , soldiers predominantly from the Zaghawa tribe ( President Déby was a member of the related Bideyat group ) had surrounded the presidential palace in protest at the attempts to demilitarize the capital , Ndjamena , and at planned cutbacks in the armed forces .
on april 18-19 , easter weekend , soldiers predominantly from the zaghawa tribe ( president déby was a member of the related bideyat group ) had surrounded the presidential palace in protest at the [tries] to demilitarize the capital , ndjamena , and at planned cutbacks in the armed forces .

Thereafter , as Chief of Staff under the new government and then Defence Secretary , his unswerving loyalty was the single most important factor in Aquino 's defeat of the numerous coup attempts against her .
thereafter , as chief of staff under the new government and then defence secretary , his unswerving loyalty was the single most important factor in aquino 's defeat of the numerous coup [tries] against her .

The scandal and accompanying crash came as a severe blow to Finance Minister Singh 's attempts to open the Indian economy to foreign investors , and in addition hurt many smaller , first-time investors attracted by the soaring bull market of the previous six months , of which Mehta was described by the Financial Times of May 18 as the " driving force " .
the scandal and accompanying crash came as a severe blow to finance minister singh 's [tries] to open the indian economy to foreign investors , and in addition hurt many smaller , first-time investors attracted by the soaring bull market of the previous six months , of which mehta was described by the financial times of may 18 as the " driving force " .

Azerbaijani attempts to open a new front in the east through attacks on the Askeran region of the enclave from Agdam could not prevent their loss of control over Lachin on May 17 .
azerbaijani [tries] to open a new front in the east through attacks on the askeran region of the enclave from agdam could not prevent their loss of control over lachin on may 17 .

The elections were held after attempts by Talabani and Barzani to negotiate a new autonomy agreement with the Iraqi government reached a stalemate in the autumn of 1991 .
the elections were held after [tries] by talabani and barzani to negotiate a new autonomy agreement with the iraqi government reached a stalemate in the autumn of 1991 .

Attempts by supporters of the radical Vishwa Hindi Parishad to begin construction of a Hindu temple on the grounds of the shrine in late October had resulted in serious violence [ see p. 37774 ] .
[tries] by supporters of the radical vishwa hindi parishad to begin construction of a hindu temple on the grounds of the shrine in late october had resulted in serious violence [ see p. 37774 ] .

The Israelis were further unsettled by attempts , unsuccessful as of late December , to begin deploying regular Lebanese Army units in the Iqlim al-Tuffah .
the israelis were further unsettled by [tries] , unsuccessful as of late december , to begin deploying regular lebanese army units in the iqlim al-tuffah .

Somali elders and others had failed in their attempts to broker a ceasefire between forces supporting interim President Ali Mahdi Mohammed and those supporting Gen. Mohammed Farah Aydid .
somali elders and others had failed in their [tries] to broker a ceasefire between forces supporting interim president ali mahdi mohammed and those supporting gen. mohammed farah aydid .

The action was the latest in a series of attempts by sections of the military to unseat the transitional government appointed by the national conference in August [ see pp .
the action was the latest in a series of [tries] by sections of the military to unseat the transitional government appointed by the national conference in august [ see pp .

Other attempts at international mediation
other [tries] at international mediation

Attempts by the Senegalese Minister of State Abdoulayé Wade to mediate a settlement in mid-November led to the announcement of an agreement between government and opposition on Nov. 18 , said to lay the foundations for the establishment of a transitional government .
[tries] by the senegalese minister of state abdoulayé wade to mediate a settlement in mid-november led to the announcement of an agreement between government and opposition on nov. 18 , said to lay the foundations for the establishment of a transitional government .

The final text defined as unconstitutional attempts to achieve territorial separation ; some deputies had wanted the qualification of `` territorial `` to be omitted , but President Ion Iliescu had spoken against this proposal , associated with an anti-Hungarian faction .
the final text defined as unconstitutional [tries] to achieve territorial separation ; some deputies had wanted the qualification of `` territorial `` to be omitted , but president ion iliescu had spoken against this proposal , associated with an anti-hungarian faction .

The strength of the protest vote against the mainstream parties was seen as reflecting popular disillusionment with their unsuccessful attempts to resolve the country 's long-running linguistic problems and to complete constitutional reforms [ see p. 38465 ] .
the strength of the protest vote against the mainstream parties was seen as reflecting popular disillusionment with their unsuccessful [tries] to resolve the country 's long-running linguistic problems and to complete constitutional reforms [ see p. 38465 ] .

Although there were violent clashes between rioters and police in Osaka in October 1990 [ see p. 37780 ] , there were fewer attempts by the radical left than had been expected to disrupt the enthronement ceremony of Emperor Akihito .
although there were violent clashes between rioters and police in osaka in october 1990 [ see p. 37780 ] , there were fewer [tries] by the radical left than had been expected to disrupt the enthronement ceremony of emperor akihito .

Attempts by the Sharif government to reduce inter-provincial rivalry and tensions between states and central government led in April 1991 to a fresh award for the division of financial resources .
[tries] by the sharif government to reduce inter-provincial rivalry and tensions between states and central government led in april 1991 to a fresh award for the division of financial resources .

Urban violence , inadequate infrastructure and , at 3.1 per cent a year , the fastest population growth in southern Asia were among the chief obstacles in the way of the Bhutto government 's attempts to revitalize the economy .
urban violence , inadequate infrastructure and , at 3.1 per cent a year , the fastest population growth in southern asia were among the chief obstacles in the way of the bhutto government 's [tries] to revitalize the economy .

Amid signs of increasing desperation , Bush appeared to adopt a two-pronged strategy , using his powers as President to take actions calculated to improve his popularity , while his campaign staff increased the negative content of the campaign by intensifying their attacks on the character of Clinton , particularly in regard to his attempts as a student to avoid being drafted to Vietnam .
amid signs of increasing desperation , bush appeared to adopt a two-pronged strategy , using his powers as president to take actions calculated to improve his popularity , while his campaign staff increased the negative content of the campaign by intensifying their attacks on the character of clinton , particularly in regard to his [tries] as a student to avoid being drafted to vietnam .

Several attempts to force Nabiyev 's resignation had already failed before he was eventually ousted .
several [tries] to force nabiyev 's resignation had already failed before he was eventually ousted .

Uzbekistan , which had a 24 per cent Tajik minority , was especially concerned , despite attempts by the new Tajik authorities to allay fears that Tajikistan would become an Islamic state .
uzbekistan , which had a 24 per cent tajik minority , was especially concerned , despite [tries] by the new tajik authorities to allay fears that tajikistan would become an islamic state .

Government attempts at national reconciliation
government [tries] at national reconciliation

Leaders of major political parties and organizations met in New Delhi on Nov. 23 under the auspices of the National Integration Council [ see p. 38866 ] and gave their backing to the government 's attempts to implement court orders barring construction at the disputed Babri mosque site in Ayodhya , Uttar Pradesh , where Hindu militants planned to build a Hindu temple [ see pp .
leaders of major political parties and organizations met in new delhi on nov. 23 under the auspices of the national integration council [ see p. 38866 ] and gave their backing to the government 's [tries] to implement court orders barring construction at the disputed babri mosque site in ayodhya , uttar pradesh , where hindu militants planned to build a hindu temple [ see pp .

Manoon Rupkachorn , , a controversial former major-general who led two abortive coup attempts in the 1980s , returned to Thailand on Nov. 17 after spending almost 21 months in exile .
manoon rupkachorn , , a controversial former major-general who led two abortive coup [tries] in the 1980s , returned to thailand on nov. 17 after spending almost 21 months in exile .

Demonstrators take to the streets of Kathmandu following attempts by the King to submit a counter-draft to the proposed constitution .
demonstrators take to the streets of kathmandu following [tries] by the king to submit a counter-draft to the proposed constitution .

Much of the speech was given over to the already familiar complaints about `` destructive and separatist tendencies `` and about `` ferocious `` attempts to discredit the central government , and to exhortations to political forces to unite behind perestroika .
much of the speech was given over to the already familiar complaints about `` destructive and separatist tendencies `` and about `` ferocious `` [tries] to discredit the central government , and to exhortations to political forces to unite behind perestroika .

Since the Norwegian constitution did not allow the early dissolution of parliament , attempts to form a new government had quickly been reduced to two options , a Conservative or a Labour minority administration .
since the norwegian constitution did not allow the early dissolution of parliament , [tries] to form a new government had quickly been reduced to two options , a conservative or a labour minority administration .

Condemned Iraqi attempts to modify the demography of Kuwait .
condemned iraqi [tries] to modify the demography of kuwait .

The agreement paved the way for the opening of talks on Jan. 11 , 1993 , and was followed by a goodwill gesture on Dec. 24 in which the armed forces released from military detention three generals and 40 other officers who had been imprisoned for involvement in coup attempts .
the agreement paved the way for the opening of talks on jan. 11 , 1993 , and was followed by a goodwill gesture on dec. 24 in which the armed forces released from military detention three generals and 40 other officers who had been imprisoned for involvement in coup [tries] .

Honasan , who had been implicated in several coup attempts against Ramos 's predecessor , Corazon Aquino , had been in hiding since 1988 , after escaping from a prison ship moored in Manila Bay [ see p. 36428 ] .
honasan , who had been implicated in several coup [tries] against ramos 's predecessor , corazon aquino , had been in hiding since 1988 , after escaping from a prison ship moored in manila bay [ see p. 36428 ] .

Attempts to block Panic 's candidacy by claiming that he did not fulfil the one-year residency requirement had been overruled by the Supreme Court on Dec. 9 .
[tries] to block panic 's candidacy by claiming that he did not fulfil the one-year residency requirement had been overruled by the supreme court on dec. 9 .

Failure of alleged coup and assassination attempts
failure of alleged coup and assassination [tries]

Attempts to form government
[tries] to form government

Despite President Boris Yeltsin 's attempts to rally support for a postponement of the forthcoming session of the Congress of People 's Deputies until March 1993 , the Supreme Soviet voted on Oct. 21 by 114 to 59 to convene the Congress for its seventh session to open on Dec. 1 .
despite president boris yeltsin 's [tries] to rally support for a postponement of the forthcoming session of the congress of people 's deputies until march 1993 , the supreme soviet voted on oct. 21 by 114 to 59 to convene the congress for its seventh session to open on dec. 1 .

The Russian Defence Minister , Marshal Pavel Grachev , described the move as a `` flagrant violation of all earlier accords `` and said that attempts to seize Russian military hardware would lead to `` armed clashes `` .
the russian defence minister , marshal pavel grachev , described the move as a `` flagrant violation of all earlier accords `` and said that [tries] to seize russian military hardware would lead to `` armed clashes `` .

The Likud government had refused to agree to a freeze on settlement construction and attempts to negotiate a compromise agreement failed [ see p. 38787 ] .
the likud government had refused to agree to a freeze on settlement construction and [tries] to negotiate a compromise agreement failed [ see p. 38787 ] .

Attempts to implement ceasefire arrangements and peace talks
[tries] to implement ceasefire arrangements and peace talks

Unsuccessful attempts were made in April to broaden Poland 's governing coalition , and to give it a stronger majority in parliament which would enable it to push through its budget proposals and economic reforms .
unsuccessful [tries] were made in april to broaden poland 's governing coalition , and to give it a stronger majority in parliament which would enable it to push through its budget proposals and economic reforms .

The election of Aristide , a 37-year-old left-wing priest who had survived numerous assassination attempts , followed a series of short-lived governments , three of which were military administrations and none of which was the product of free elections .
the election of aristide , a 37-year-old left-wing priest who had survived numerous assassination [tries] , followed a series of short-lived governments , three of which were military administrations and none of which was the product of free elections .

However , attempts to push through a programme for the privatization of the banking sector in January foundered on legal difficulties , while on Feb. 19 police in Karachi clashed with union activists protesting against the government 's plans to sell off state-owned industries .
however , [tries] to push through a programme for the privatization of the banking sector in january foundered on legal difficulties , while on feb. 19 police in karachi clashed with union activists protesting against the government 's plans to sell off state-owned industries .

The authorities scored a significant success in the ongoing struggle against the underground movement within the armed forces — which had been responsible for numerous coup attempts against the government of President Corazon Aquino — with the arrest in Manila on Feb. 6 of Lt.-Col. Victor Batac and Maj. Abraham Purugganan .
the authorities scored a significant success in the ongoing struggle against the underground movement within the armed forces — which had been responsible for numerous coup [tries] against the government of president corazon aquino — with the arrest in manila on feb. 6 of lt.-col. victor batac and maj. abraham purugganan .

Alleged assassination attempts on prominent journalist
alleged assassination [tries] on prominent journalist

Delight over Iraq 's defeat was tempered by anxiety that President Saddam Hussein had survived the war , and that a refocusing of international attention on a new post-war Middle East `` order `` would inevitably involve attempts to settle the Palestinian issue .
delight over iraq 's defeat was tempered by anxiety that president saddam hussein had survived the war , and that a refocusing of international attention on a new post-war middle east `` order `` would inevitably involve [tries] to settle the palestinian issue .

Hitherto the government had been able to thwart all attempts by opposition leaders to form new parties , although the right to do so was formally enshrined in the Constitution .
hitherto the government had been able to thwart all [tries] by opposition leaders to form new parties , although the right to do so was formally enshrined in the constitution .

Iraqi attempts to draw Israel into the conflict through the launching of Scud missile attacks on Tel Aviv and Haifa failed .
iraqi [tries] to draw israel into the conflict through the launching of scud missile attacks on tel aviv and haifa failed .

There have been four attempts to grapple with these tensions through restructuring or internal reorganisation .
there have been four [tries] to grapple with these tensions through restructuring or internal reorganisation .

Policy strategies which attack the social and economic determinants of ill-health are dismissed as futile attempts at social engineering .
policy strategies which attack the social and economic determinants of ill-health are dismissed as futile [tries] at social engineering .

In conclusion , the remodelling of nursing is a good example of attempts both to modernise the profession and address future problems of labour supply posed by an ageing population .
in conclusion , the remodelling of nursing is a good example of [tries] both to modernise the profession and address future problems of labour supply posed by an ageing population .

Attempts to make clinicians more accountable for the resources they used , another theme of the Griffiths report , led to pilot projects on management budgeting for clinicians , broadening out to a second phase of pilots in Resource Management in six hospital and six community sites in 1987 .
[tries] to make clinicians more accountable for the resources they used , another theme of the griffiths report , led to pilot projects on management budgeting for clinicians , broadening out to a second phase of pilots in resource management in six hospital and six community sites in 1987 .

The government 's more active stance towards primary care began with attempts to control the prescribing budget through the `` limited list `` in 1984 .
the government 's more active stance towards primary care began with [tries] to control the prescribing budget through the `` limited list `` in 1984 .

In their analysis of the Financial Management Initiative in the Civil Service Metcalfe and Richards argue that the government 's attempts to change management in government was based on the `` Taylorist `` view that management is about the control of routine functions within the organisation .
in their analysis of the financial management initiative in the civil service metcalfe and richards argue that the government 's [tries] to change management in government was based on the `` taylorist `` view that management is about the control of routine functions within the organisation .

( Metcalfe and Richards 1987b : 74 ) Analytically , the distinction becomes important : in situations where attempts by individual organisations to pursue their own ( private ) aims independently of what others are doing is both self-defeating and counterproductive from the ( public ) point of view of the performance of the system of which they are the parts .
( metcalfe and richards 1987b : 74 ) analytically , the distinction becomes important : in situations where [tries] by individual organisations to pursue their own ( private ) aims independently of what others are doing is both self-defeating and counterproductive from the ( public ) point of view of the performance of the system of which they are the parts .

This has led to intensive attempts to standardise costed `` packages of care `` which bring together considerations of outcome with workforce and workload planning .
this has led to intensive [tries] to standardise costed `` packages of care `` which bring together considerations of outcome with workforce and workload planning .

Even the strenuous attempts made by historians over two decades to make their subject more relevant to the needs of late twentieth-century Britain seemed to be overshadowed by the debate over empathy .
even the strenuous [tries] made by historians over two decades to make their subject more relevant to the needs of late twentieth-century britain seemed to be overshadowed by the debate over empathy .

But the situation can be very confusing , as many museums and archaeological sites now also employ models and simulations in attempts to interpret their holdings and make their displays more attractive .
but the situation can be very confusing , as many museums and archaeological sites now also employ models and simulations in [tries] to interpret their holdings and make their displays more attractive .

( 2 ) If any person unlawfully deprives the residential occupier of any premises of his occupation of the premises or any part thereof , or attempts to do so , he shall be guilty of an offence unless he proves that he believed , and had reasonable cause to believe , that the residential occupier had ceased to reside in the premises .
( 2 ) if any person unlawfully deprives the residential occupier of any premises of his occupation of the premises or any part thereof , or [tries] to do so , he shall be guilty of an offence unless he proves that he believed , and had reasonable cause to believe , that the residential occupier had ceased to reside in the premises .

( 2 ) This section also applies if , at any time after 9th June 1988 , a landlord ( in this section referred to as " the landlord in default " ) or any person acting on behalf of the landlord in default — ( a ) attempts unlawfully to deprive the residential occupier of any premises of his occupation of the whole or part of the premises , or ( b ) knowing or having reasonable cause to believe that the conduct is likely to cause the residential occupier of any premises — ( i ) to give up his occupation of the premises or any part thereof , or ( ii ) to refrain from exercising any right or pursuing any remedy in respect of the premises or any part thereof , does acts likely to interfere with the peace or comfort of the residential occupier or members of his household , or persistently withdraws or withholds services reasonably required for the occupation of the premises as a residence , and , as a result , the residential occupier gives up his occupation of the premises as a residence .
( 2 ) this section also applies if , at any time after 9th june 1988 , a landlord ( in this section referred to as " the landlord in default " ) or any person acting on behalf of the landlord in default — ( a ) [tries] unlawfully to deprive the residential occupier of any premises of his occupation of the whole or part of the premises , or ( b ) knowing or having reasonable cause to believe that the conduct is likely to cause the residential occupier of any premises — ( i ) to give up his occupation of the premises or any part thereof , or ( ii ) to refrain from exercising any right or pursuing any remedy in respect of the premises or any part thereof , does acts likely to interfere with the peace or comfort of the residential occupier or members of his household , or persistently withdraws or withholds services reasonably required for the occupation of the premises as a residence , and , as a result , the residential occupier gives up his occupation of the premises as a residence .

Attempts to reconcile these two decisions have expanded human ingenuity and expended an unconscionable amount of time , effort and paper .
[tries] to reconcile these two decisions have expanded human ingenuity and expended an unconscionable amount of time , effort and paper .

The crime in s.9 of the Criminal Attempts Act 1981 of vehicle interference ( see Chapter 12 ) partly covers this gap , though that crime is restricted to motor vehicles .
the crime in s.9 of the criminal [tries] act 1981 of vehicle interference ( see chapter 12 ) partly covers this gap , though that crime is restricted to motor vehicles .

( b ) having entered any building or part of a building as a trespasser he steals or attempts to steal anything in the building or that part of it or inflicts or attempts to inflict on any person therein any grievous bodily harm .
( b ) having entered any building or part of a building as a trespasser he steals or [tries] to steal anything in the building or that part of it or inflicts or [tries] to inflict on any person therein any grievous bodily harm .

The origins of the Caribbean Creole languages in slavery and plantation labour have ensured that they have never enjoyed high status in their own communities — notwithstanding various local attempts over the last century , mainly by intellectuals without government support , to raise their status .
the origins of the caribbean creole languages in slavery and plantation labour have ensured that they have never enjoyed high status in their own communities — notwithstanding various local [tries] over the last century , mainly by intellectuals without government support , to raise their status .

Attempts to exclude liability for negligence are governed by s. 2 .
[tries] to exclude liability for negligence are governed by s. 2 .

This section operates where the clause attempts to exclude or restrict business liability as defined in s. 1 ( 3 ) .
this section operates where the clause [tries] to exclude or restrict business liability as defined in s. 1 ( 3 ) .

The Act attempts to answer these problems .
the act [tries] to answer these problems .

It attempts to exclude liability .
it [tries] to exclude liability .

The action has played a strong part in industrial safety but attempts to introduce it into other areas have been less successful .
the action has played a strong part in industrial safety but [tries] to introduce it into other areas have been less successful .

Edmund 's early attempts at opposition seem to have come to nothing .
edmund 's early [tries] at opposition seem to have come to nothing .

Both attempts failed .
both [tries] failed .

Operation Torch — the American invasion of French North Africa in November 1942 — was the culmination of Allied attempts to exclude de Gaulle and to promote a viable alternative to Gaullism .
operation torch — the american invasion of french north africa in november 1942 — was the culmination of allied [tries] to exclude de gaulle and to promote a viable alternative to gaullism .

To exploit his stature , de Gaulle had to create an organization from scratch , fend off rivals to his legitimacy , and dodge the attempts of his `` allies `` ( he used quotation marks on occasion ) to remove him .
to exploit his stature , de gaulle had to create an organization from scratch , fend off rivals to his legitimacy , and dodge the [tries] of his `` allies `` ( he used quotation marks on occasion ) to remove him .

It provoked charges of authoritarianism and encouraged attempts to replace him .
it provoked charges of authoritarianism and encouraged [tries] to replace him .

He also resorted , on occasion , to resignation threats and to attempts to play one ally off against another ( for example by developing a close relationship with the Soviet government ) .
he also resorted , on occasion , to resignation threats and to [tries] to play one ally off against another ( for example by developing a close relationship with the soviet government ) .

How like a politician 's were his constant attempts to justify his own record ( for example , his decision to sign a pact with Stalin and to admit the `` separatists `` into his governments in the mid-1940s ) or to claim credit for `` successes `` ( such as the exclusion of the communist ministers in 1947 ) which belonged , in fact , to others .
how like a politician 's were his constant [tries] to justify his own record ( for example , his decision to sign a pact with stalin and to admit the `` separatists `` into his governments in the mid-1940s ) or to claim credit for `` successes `` ( such as the exclusion of the communist ministers in 1947 ) which belonged , in fact , to others .

His initial steps were taken to foil what he interpreted as attempts by the superpowers or their proxies to bolster the bipolar order .
his initial steps were taken to foil what he interpreted as [tries] by the superpowers or their proxies to bolster the bipolar order .

Studies have ranged from attempts to estimate the effects of membership upon the balance of payments as a whole , to a more narrow focus upon the balance of commodity trade .
studies have ranged from [tries] to estimate the effects of membership upon the balance of payments as a whole , to a more narrow focus upon the balance of commodity trade .

There have been a number of attempts to establish empirically whether any general conclusions can be drawn on the extent of welfare losses throughout the economy due to the presence of monopoly .
there have been a number of [tries] to establish empirically whether any general conclusions can be drawn on the extent of welfare losses throughout the economy due to the presence of monopoly .

It seems to have been the case that attempts to defend their interests by knitters , wool and cotton workers met with a much greater degree of hostility from masters and magistrates than did those made by urban artisans .
it seems to have been the case that [tries] to defend their interests by knitters , wool and cotton workers met with a much greater degree of hostility from masters and magistrates than did those made by urban artisans .

It was their wage-reducing attempts to cut costs which led to Luddism .
it was their wage-reducing [tries] to cut costs which led to luddism .

Government attempts to restrict the sale of gin in 1736 are usually considered to have been behind disturbances in that year , but these also involved the resentment of building workers and weavers at being displaced from employment by the cheaper Irish .
government [tries] to restrict the sale of gin in 1736 are usually considered to have been behind disturbances in that year , but these also involved the resentment of building workers and weavers at being displaced from employment by the cheaper irish .

Alternative pathways at one level of description can be filtered hierarchically through attempts to build pathways at the next higher level .
alternative pathways at one level of description can be filtered hierarchically through [tries] to build pathways at the next higher level .

‘ Although it seemed natural to expect that some word match scores should be good enough that they could be considered correct , thereby eliminating attempts to find alternatives to them , in fact all attempts to implement such an intuition seemed to have led to at best indifferent results and usually to positive degradation .
‘ although it seemed natural to expect that some word match scores should be good enough that they could be considered correct , thereby eliminating [tries] to find alternatives to them , in fact all [tries] to implement such an intuition seemed to have led to at best indifferent results and usually to positive degradation .

This might apply to code used by `` hackers `` to penetrate computer systems because publication would assist managers of computer installations in their attempts to combat computer hacking .
this might apply to code used by `` hackers `` to penetrate computer systems because publication would assist managers of computer installations in their [tries] to combat computer hacking .

The Act , as amended , attempts to deal with this situation by making the use or supply of the information for any other objective , or in the development , production or marketing of any computer program substantially similar in its expression to the original program , an infringement of copyright ( s.50B ( 2 ) ) .
the act , as amended , [tries] to deal with this situation by making the use or supply of the information for any other objective , or in the development , production or marketing of any computer program substantially similar in its expression to the original program , an infringement of copyright ( s.50b ( 2 ) ) .

Almost inevitably , devices and software designed to overcome these attempts at copy-protection soon appeared on the market , to the intense irritation of the software industry .
almost inevitably , devices and software designed to overcome these [tries] at copy-protection soon appeared on the market , to the intense irritation of the software industry .

This may not be obvious if there has been a major problem and a solution has evaded many attempts to reach it .
this may not be obvious if there has been a major problem and a solution has evaded many [tries] to reach it .

Restrictive trade practices provisions obviously control price-fixing agreements and other abuses by cartels but they also control licensing agreements ; for example , where the proprietor of a patent attempts to impose onerous terms on the licensee .
restrictive trade practices provisions obviously control price-fixing agreements and other abuses by cartels but they also control licensing agreements ; for example , where the proprietor of a patent [tries] to impose onerous terms on the licensee .

There may be some terms however which are obviously conditions , for example , if the contract is for the delivery of a particular make of computer , and the seller attempts to deliver a different make altogether , this would clearly be a breach of condition .
there may be some terms however which are obviously conditions , for example , if the contract is for the delivery of a particular make of computer , and the seller [tries] to deliver a different make altogether , this would clearly be a breach of condition .

Later , it was said that where there had been a fundamental breach of contract , that is , if one party fails to carry out his part of the bargain at all or attempts to render a performance totally different from that contemplated , then that party could not rely on an exclusion clause ( see Karsales ( Harrow ) Ltd. v Wallis [ 1956 ] ) .
later , it was said that where there had been a fundamental breach of contract , that is , if one party fails to carry out his part of the bargain at all or [tries] to render a performance totally different from that contemplated , then that party could not rely on an exclusion clause ( see karsales ( harrow ) ltd. v wallis [ 1956 ] ) .

This conveys the glib emptiness of the persona with which Dame Sirith attempts to clothe herself . When she finishes speaking , the blunt colloquialism of Wilekin 's response emphasizes the facile and artificial nature of her self-portrait : ( " Dear woman , give over ! " )
this conveys the glib emptiness of the persona with which dame sirith [tries] to clothe herself . when she finishes speaking , the blunt colloquialism of wilekin 's response emphasizes the facile and artificial nature of her self-portrait : ( " dear woman , give over ! " )

Like Margery in Dame Sirith , he can not maintain the courtly role he attempts to appropriate , and cuts a most unimpressive figure .
like margery in dame sirith , he can not maintain the courtly role he [tries] to appropriate , and cuts a most unimpressive figure .

The Miller , he states : and immediately before the tale commences he repeats the point : However doubtful we should be about attempts to associate the emergence of the medieval fabliau with any particular social class , it is significant that Chaucer wishes to represent the fabliau in precisely such terms .
the miller , he states : and immediately before the tale commences he repeats the point : however doubtful we should be about [tries] to associate the emergence of the medieval fabliau with any particular social class , it is significant that chaucer wishes to represent the fabliau in precisely such terms .

The inverse of the use of this sweet spice comes with the kissing of Alison 's arse , `` `` ful savourly `` `` ( 3734 – 5 ) and Absolon 's attempts to take the taste of that away : — note here the details appropriate to this action taking place in a carpenter 's yard . ``
the inverse of the use of this sweet spice comes with the kissing of alison 's arse , `` `` ful savourly `` `` ( 3734 – 5 ) and absolon 's [tries] to take the taste of that away : — note here the details appropriate to this action taking place in a carpenter 's yard . ``

Other attempts have been made to deal with the types of complements found after causative verbs from a more or less `` semantic `` point of view ( cf .
other [tries] have been made to deal with the types of complements found after causative verbs from a more or less `` semantic `` point of view ( cf .

Attempts were made to contact all those writing for information about the scheme in 1980 and then follow them up in detail .
[tries] were made to contact all those writing for information about the scheme in 1980 and then follow them up in detail .

The `` political `` dramas of the Greeks are seen as , and become the authority for , dramas of psychological conflict ; and this innovation , which is not always fully conscious , is hardly modified in Schiller 's attempts in his last plays to reestablish supra-individual objectivity by the use of the ancient chorus .
the `` political `` dramas of the greeks are seen as , and become the authority for , dramas of psychological conflict ; and this innovation , which is not always fully conscious , is hardly modified in schiller 's [tries] in his last plays to reestablish supra-individual objectivity by the use of the ancient chorus .

But these well-meant attempts were bound to fail from the sheer perversity of the enterprise .
but these well-meant [tries] were bound to fail from the sheer perversity of the enterprise .

6 attempts to reconstruct the scene at the mill .
6 [tries] to reconstruct the scene at the mill .

Several attempts , he wrote , had been made by `` former prospectors `` to sink upon this lode `` but it is heavily watered that they could not go down more than 3 or 4 fathoms deep `` .
several [tries] , he wrote , had been made by `` former prospectors `` to sink upon this lode `` but it is heavily watered that they could not go down more than 3 or 4 fathoms deep `` .

Thus , an enlightened programme to combat pregnancy among teenagers in developed countries , for example , would involve education about family planning and responsible parenthood , along with attempts at achievement of the postponement of mating .
thus , an enlightened programme to combat pregnancy among teenagers in developed countries , for example , would involve education about family planning and responsible parenthood , along with [tries] at achievement of the postponement of mating .

The hey-day of sport in our village seems to have been from the late 19th century up to the 1914 war , with a short revival between the wars but although attempts have been made at intervals the same enthusiasm does n't seem to prevail .
the hey-day of sport in our village seems to have been from the late 19th century up to the 1914 war , with a short revival between the wars but although [tries] have been made at intervals the same enthusiasm does n't seem to prevail .

His attempts to subject the traditional rulers of the provinces to his authority had resulted in constant warfare , and the extortions of his army , forever in the field , caused much discontent .
his [tries] to subject the traditional rulers of the provinces to his authority had resulted in constant warfare , and the extortions of his army , forever in the field , caused much discontent .

Various attempts at defining the nature of browsing have been made .
various [tries] at defining the nature of browsing have been made .

Attempts to resolve the relationship between information needs and information-seeking behaviour have been made by several authors .
[tries] to resolve the relationship between information needs and information-seeking behaviour have been made by several authors .

In adopting a broad search formulation strategy to access the library catalogue , the searcher not only attempts to `` match `` the system 's language but also places his expressed need in a broader context .
in adopting a broad search formulation strategy to access the library catalogue , the searcher not only [tries] to `` match `` the system 's language but also places his expressed need in a broader context .

Various attempts are being made to extend the subject searching capability beyond the matching principle .
various [tries] are being made to extend the subject searching capability beyond the matching principle .

Even if the student attempts to revise , he/she will tend no to do much more than mere repetition .
even if the student [tries] to revise , he/she will tend no to do much more than mere repetition .

Repeated attempts to gain information from the remaining three produced no results .
repeated [tries] to gain information from the remaining three produced no results .

This sense is strong enough to motivate a succession of attempts to find what is interesting .
this sense is strong enough to motivate a succession of [tries] to find what is interesting .

Although the early attempts may be conceptual failures there is a growing knowledge of the field so that when the right idea is found it can be more easily recognised .
although the early [tries] may be conceptual failures there is a growing knowledge of the field so that when the right idea is found it can be more easily recognised .

Attempts are made to teach them German but in practice it is easier to teach the factory foreman enough Turkish to communicate with them .
[tries] are made to teach them german but in practice it is easier to teach the factory foreman enough turkish to communicate with them .

This area is notoriously shoal , with vast areas of mudflats , and after several attempts at finding the channel leading to a landing spot , the vessel gave up and anchored in midstream extinguishing all her lights .
this area is notoriously shoal , with vast areas of mudflats , and after several [tries] at finding the channel leading to a landing spot , the vessel gave up and anchored in midstream extinguishing all her lights .

For many years our shore-based rummage crews had been picking up increasing quantities of drugs from routine searches of merchant vessels within the ports , but often these smuggling attempts were `` one off `` jobs by crew members .
for many years our shore-based rummage crews had been picking up increasing quantities of drugs from routine searches of merchant vessels within the ports , but often these smuggling [tries] were `` one off `` jobs by crew members .

Attempts to provide the necessary cohesion are made , for example , by the organisers of the international biennial conferences on continuum models of discrete systems .
[tries] to provide the necessary cohesion are made , for example , by the organisers of the international biennial conferences on continuum models of discrete systems .

Coleridge even dares to take on the subject of the workings of Nature , as it were , as he attempts to describe the power and intensity of the earth breathing ; his reference to the ‘ ceaseless turmoil seething , as if this earth in fast thick pants were breathing ’ shows the poet getting almost as close to the heart of creativity as it is possible to do .
coleridge even dares to take on the subject of the workings of nature , as it were , as he [tries] to describe the power and intensity of the earth breathing ; his reference to the ‘ ceaseless turmoil seething , as if this earth in fast thick pants were breathing ’ shows the poet getting almost as close to the heart of creativity as it is possible to do .

Within this poem he clearly attempts to square on the one hand the darker representations of his sleep with his pansocratic visions , on the other hand , Pains of Sleep which was published at the same time as Kubla Khan illuminates the ancestral voices prophesying war .
within this poem he clearly [tries] to square on the one hand the darker representations of his sleep with his pansocratic visions , on the other hand , pains of sleep which was published at the same time as kubla khan illuminates the ancestral voices prophesying war .

Although attempts have been made to solve these problems through the ingestion of radiotelemetric pressure sensors , these efforts have been hampered by intermittent signal loss and the inability to control the location of the capsule within the gastrointestinal tract .
although [tries] have been made to solve these problems through the ingestion of radiotelemetric pressure sensors , these efforts have been hampered by intermittent signal loss and the inability to control the location of the capsule within the gastrointestinal tract .

These findings are consistent with our early experience , when attempts were made to isolate a 10 cm segment of oesophagus between two occluding balloons in six subjects .
these findings are consistent with our early experience , when [tries] were made to isolate a 10 cm segment of oesophagus between two occluding balloons in six subjects .

Despite the study design and our attempts to stratify for the stone free interval ( based on > or < 2 years ) , there was an imbalance between the three treatment groups on either side of the median ( nine months ) .
despite the study design and our [tries] to stratify for the stone free interval ( based on > or < 2 years ) , there was an imbalance between the three treatment groups on either side of the median ( nine months ) .

In retrospect , our attempts to prevent recurrence should , perhaps , have been directed at identifying and manipulating ( by increasing the amounts of inhibitors or decreasing the amounts of promotors ) nucleating factors that induce crystal , and thereby gall stone , formation from supersaturated bile .
in retrospect , our [tries] to prevent recurrence should , perhaps , have been directed at identifying and manipulating ( by increasing the amounts of inhibitors or decreasing the amounts of promotors ) nucleating factors that induce crystal , and thereby gall stone , formation from supersaturated bile .

Duodenal ulcer arises because aggressive forces outweigh duodenal defences and most attempts to study and treat it focus on acid-pepsin attack .
duodenal ulcer arises because aggressive forces outweigh duodenal defences and most [tries] to study and treat it focus on acid-pepsin attack .

Attempts to improve the prospect of cure have been made by investigation of the advantages of adjuvant chemotherapy .
[tries] to improve the prospect of cure have been made by investigation of the advantages of adjuvant chemotherapy .

Ductal cannulation was rated as ‘ easy ’ if cannulation could be achieved immediately , and as ‘ difficult ’ if it required repeated attempts leading to obvious trauma to the papilla .
ductal cannulation was rated as ‘ easy ’ if cannulation could be achieved immediately , and as ‘ difficult ’ if it required repeated [tries] leading to obvious trauma to the papilla .

Attempts have been made to treat systemic endotoxaemia in inflammatory bowel disease .
[tries] have been made to treat systemic endotoxaemia in inflammatory bowel disease .

In contrast to the immunohistological staining technique , we could not obtain consistent results despite numerous attempts .
in contrast to the immunohistological staining technique , we could not obtain consistent results despite numerous [tries] .

Attempts at removing the stones and improving biliary drainage , however , led to a reduction in the number of episodes of cholangitis in only four of 16 patients .
[tries] at removing the stones and improving biliary drainage , however , led to a reduction in the number of episodes of cholangitis in only four of 16 patients .

If repeated endoscopic attempts failed , emergency operation was performed .
if repeated endoscopic [tries] failed , emergency operation was performed .

Previous attempts to detect an early autonomic neuropathy in these patients , based on the conventional cardiovascular tests suggested by Ewing and Clark , have given inconsistent results , probably because of their poor sensitivity and specificity .
previous [tries] to detect an early autonomic neuropathy in these patients , based on the conventional cardiovascular tests suggested by ewing and clark , have given inconsistent results , probably because of their poor sensitivity and specificity .

The aetiology of chronic idiopathic constipation is uncertain , and attempts to cure it have given poor results .
the aetiology of chronic idiopathic constipation is uncertain , and [tries] to cure it have given poor results .

In selecting a new class of options the clearing house attempts to ensure that at all times contracts may be exercised without any undue influence on the share market itself .
in selecting a new class of options the clearing house [tries] to ensure that at all times contracts may be exercised without any undue influence on the share market itself .

There have been several attempts to build predictive models which describe the relationship between share prices and accounting variables , prominent among which has been the price — earnings ratio .
there have been several [tries] to build predictive models which describe the relationship between share prices and accounting variables , prominent among which has been the price — earnings ratio .

in their attempts to navigate
in their [tries] to navigate

All attempts to heal or tend him failed
all [tries] to heal or tend him failed

The simple yield to maturity ( rms ) attempts to rectify the shortcomings of the current yield measure by taking into account capital gains or losses .
the simple yield to maturity ( rms ) [tries] to rectify the shortcomings of the current yield measure by taking into account capital gains or losses .

That is , if an unsuccessful firm attempts to send a false ‘ good ’ signal by announcing an increase in dividends , this increases the risk of insolvency even more than would be the case if the firm sent a true ‘ bad ’ signal by not announcing a dividend increase .
that is , if an unsuccessful firm [tries] to send a false ‘ good ’ signal by announcing an increase in dividends , this increases the risk of insolvency even more than would be the case if the firm sent a true ‘ bad ’ signal by not announcing a dividend increase .

If the great social security businesses can be turned into successful , free-standing executive agencies , the problem will have been cracked — the Next Steps reforms will have worked where so many attempts at change faltered .
if the great social security businesses can be turned into successful , free-standing executive agencies , the problem will have been cracked — the next steps reforms will have worked where so many [tries] at change faltered .

Sir Claus pointed out that allegations of political interference in statistics are not new , and revealed that he twice threatened to resign over attempts to change or suppress reports under Labour governments .
sir claus pointed out that allegations of political interference in statistics are not new , and revealed that he twice threatened to resign over [tries] to change or suppress reports under labour governments .

Knighton has been in contact with several businessmen from the Manchester area in attempts to get wider backing for his £20m bid , which has hit financial snags .
knighton has been in contact with several businessmen from the manchester area in [tries] to get wider backing for his £20m bid , which has hit financial snags .

But despite all the authorities ' attempts to pretend that all goes well , the birthday celebrations are moving forward in the shadow of a public mood of national crisis , dramatised by the tens of thousands of East Germans struggling to flee to the West in recent weeks .
but despite all the authorities ' [tries] to pretend that all goes well , the birthday celebrations are moving forward in the shadow of a public mood of national crisis , dramatised by the tens of thousands of east germans struggling to flee to the west in recent weeks .

Whoever attempts to hide behind a disclaimer must prove it is fair and reasonable to do so .
whoever [tries] to hide behind a disclaimer must prove it is fair and reasonable to do so .

What are called ‘ proofs for the existence of God ’ are not attempts to show that there must be a divine kind of thing ( we have no concept of a divine kind of thing ) , they just seek to show that if and when all other questions were answered we would still be left with this mystery : and this is what we shall call ‘ God ’ .
what are called ‘ proofs for the existence of god ’ are not [tries] to show that there must be a divine kind of thing ( we have no concept of a divine kind of thing ) , they just seek to show that if and when all other questions were answered we would still be left with this mystery : and this is what we shall call ‘ god ’ .

The largest fixed-rate offering ever witnessed in the Eurobond market , a $1.5bn five-year deal announced on Friday for Italy , which used the new money-making formula , provides disturbing evidence however that excessive competition , born of over-capacity , could yet ruin the latest attempts at restoring profitability to the market .
the largest fixed-rate offering ever witnessed in the eurobond market , a $1.5bn five-year deal announced on friday for italy , which used the new money-making formula , provides disturbing evidence however that excessive competition , born of over-capacity , could yet ruin the latest [tries] at restoring profitability to the market .

The post office has a monopoly only on the delivery of letters and parcels weighing less than a kilogram — a decling trade and one that now represents only 40 per cent of total earnings although attempts to stop the drift by creating , for example , specialised services for direct marketing have been very successful .
the post office has a monopoly only on the delivery of letters and parcels weighing less than a kilogram — a decling trade and one that now represents only 40 per cent of total earnings although [tries] to stop the drift by creating , for example , specialised services for direct marketing have been very successful .

Mario Aresti , finance director , said the erosion in margins was due equally to increased production costs and attempts to maintain volume sales .
mario aresti , finance director , said the erosion in margins was due equally to increased production costs and [tries] to maintain volume sales .

Strong local currencies in the Taiwan and Korea production centres pushed up costs and attempts to take advantage of a cheaper environment in China were dashed by events following the Tiananmen Square demonstrations in Peking .
strong local currencies in the taiwan and korea production centres pushed up costs and [tries] to take advantage of a cheaper environment in china were dashed by events following the tiananmen square demonstrations in peking .

Tudor and Stuart Attempts to Revive the Forest System
tudor and stuart [tries] to revive the forest system

Despite attempts in the middle of the nineteenth century to kill them off , the deer have returned .
despite [tries] in the middle of the nineteenth century to kill them off , the deer have returned .

New ways of thought , concentrated but largely ineffectual attempts to persuade the British that they are ‘ European ’ , a fear of talking about the English ‘ race ’ and its diaspora round the world and the virtual disappearance of the word ‘ Protestant ’ as an adjective to describe anyone other than Ulster fanatics , has meant that a once powerful cultural and historic bond is little understood in the late twentieth century .
new ways of thought , concentrated but largely ineffectual [tries] to persuade the british that they are ‘ european ’ , a fear of talking about the english ‘ race ’ and its diaspora round the world and the virtual disappearance of the word ‘ protestant ’ as an adjective to describe anyone other than ulster fanatics , has meant that a once powerful cultural and historic bond is little understood in the late twentieth century .

There have been attempts to depict this extraordinary achievement as a form of musical consumerism .
there have been [tries] to depict this extraordinary achievement as a form of musical consumerism .

Some of geometry 's greatest advances have followed attempts to solve the problems of navigators .
some of geometry 's greatest advances have followed [tries] to solve the problems of navigators .

Attempts to order , regulate and to ‘ tidy up ’ the apparently haphazard configurations of nature can themselves be regarded as neutral processes .
[tries] to order , regulate and to ‘ tidy up ’ the apparently haphazard configurations of nature can themselves be regarded as neutral processes .

Most cultures recognise three broad stages of development , in both the individual and the group : ( a ) Primitive response to nature : Nature is accepted as containing all systems of order and mankind attempts its interpretation by immediate response to its stimuli .
most cultures recognise three broad stages of development , in both the individual and the group : ( a ) primitive response to nature : nature is accepted as containing all systems of order and mankind [tries] its interpretation by immediate response to its stimuli .

Attempts to energise old materials by bringing them together in new ways compete with experiments in new materials , such as electronics and rapid hardening plastics .
[tries] to energise old materials by bringing them together in new ways compete with experiments in new materials , such as electronics and rapid hardening plastics .

The attempts by O'Neill to change the basic grammar of the language of Ulster politics had left both sides in disarray .
the [tries] by o'neill to change the basic grammar of the language of ulster politics had left both sides in disarray .

Understanding Horses — Earlier Attempts
understanding horses — earlier [tries]

Once more among his Party faithful in Nuremberg in September 1938 , his proclamation contained the usual cliché about the infant Nazi Party beginning the fight against the greatest enemy threatening the German people , international Jewry , and a few days later , still at the Party Rally , he attempted to justify Germany 's attempts to rid itself of its Jews by the stereotype reference to an over-populated country .
once more among his party faithful in nuremberg in september 1938 , his proclamation contained the usual cliché about the infant nazi party beginning the fight against the greatest enemy threatening the german people , international jewry , and a few days later , still at the party rally , he attempted to justify germany 's [tries] to rid itself of its jews by the stereotype reference to an over-populated country .

In the sixth century its ancient Christian traditions were strong enough to sustain resistance to Justinian 's attempts to dictate doctrine to the church .
in the sixth century its ancient christian traditions were strong enough to sustain resistance to justinian 's [tries] to dictate doctrine to the church .

The principal claim to greatness of even the popes themselves , before the mid-eleventh century , lay in their conduct as bishops of Rome , building churches , organizing poor relief , and resisting the attempts of every tinpot contender for the empire to dominate the city and its people .
the principal claim to greatness of even the popes themselves , before the mid-eleventh century , lay in their conduct as bishops of rome , building churches , organizing poor relief , and resisting the [tries] of every tinpot contender for the empire to dominate the city and its people .

But it is important to appreciate the sorts of conventions which were adopted by the engravers of coin dies in their attempts to represent three-dimensional structures on a two-dimensional plane .
but it is important to appreciate the sorts of conventions which were adopted by the engravers of coin dies in their [tries] to represent three-dimensional structures on a two-dimensional plane .

There are occasional signs of attempts by Downing Street to infiltrate a new type of person into the ranks of the lieutenancy .
there are occasional signs of [tries] by downing street to infiltrate a new type of person into the ranks of the lieutenancy .

Edward Heath 's attempts to commit the party to something more dynamic , outward-looking and enterprise-based , after the meeting at Selsdon Park in 1970 , collapsed in the face of a corporate culture which had become used to having things its own way under a succession of both Conservative and Labour governments .
edward heath 's [tries] to commit the party to something more dynamic , outward-looking and enterprise-based , after the meeting at selsdon park in 1970 , collapsed in the face of a corporate culture which had become used to having things its own way under a succession of both conservative and labour governments .

In 1968 the Wilson government 's attempts to reform the House of Lords , taking voting rights away from hereditary peers and creating a nominated group of voting life-peers , fell victim to sabotage from both Left and Right .
in 1968 the wilson government 's [tries] to reform the house of lords , taking voting rights away from hereditary peers and creating a nominated group of voting life-peers , fell victim to sabotage from both left and right .

But it is a deeply conservative trade which has resolutely resisted most attempts to bring it into the twentieth century , to make it more efficient , or to make access to the law more available to the ordinary citizen .
but it is a deeply conservative trade which has resolutely resisted most [tries] to bring it into the twentieth century , to make it more efficient , or to make access to the law more available to the ordinary citizen .

If you have never dieted before , or have had just one or two unsuccessful attempts , please do not start on the ‘ yo-yo ’ of losing weight , gaining weight , losing weight that we described earlier .
if you have never dieted before , or have had just one or two unsuccessful [tries] , please do not start on the ‘ yo-yo ’ of losing weight , gaining weight , losing weight that we described earlier .

Consider your past attempts at weight control .
consider your past [tries] at weight control .

The second part of your review of previous diet attempts involves a close look at your weight control behaviour . What diets have you tried ? Which did you succeed most with and which did you fail badly with ? What food do you eat normally , and what do you eat when you diet ? What do you like to eat ?
the second part of your review of previous diet [tries] involves a close look at your weight control behaviour . what diets have you tried ? which did you succeed most with and which did you fail badly with ? what food do you eat normally , and what do you eat when you diet ? what do you like to eat ?

As well as your normal eating think about your past attempts at weight control .
as well as your normal eating think about your past [tries] at weight control .

Exercise has not been included in this because too few people have a history of exercise attempts in the same way as they have diet attempts .
exercise has not been included in this because too few people have a history of exercise [tries] in the same way as they have diet [tries] .

Yet several weeks into the scandal , the New Yorker complained that the mess had so far mocked all attempts to baptize it .
yet several weeks into the scandal , the new yorker complained that the mess had so far mocked all [tries] to baptize it .

Sometimes even junior Libyan officials dug their heels in on particular points of practical application of rules , and rejected all attempts by their colleagues and superiors to persuade , cajole , order , bully them into expediting business .
sometimes even junior libyan officials dug their heels in on particular points of practical application of rules , and rejected all [tries] by their colleagues and superiors to persuade , cajole , order , bully them into expediting business .

For this reason there were no candidates ' addresses , no attempts to persuade the voters that one candidate 's policies were better than another 's .
for this reason there were no candidates ' addresses , no [tries] to persuade the voters that one candidate 's policies were better than another 's .

Part of the procedure is to re-present the image from time to time as its shape becomes clearer : ‘ In the days of Arab government Zuwaya distributed tax revenues to household heads , so that there should be no treasury ; and you did this ; and you did that … ‘ These attempts to check and control the growing picture often led Zuwaya to correct and modify , to elaborate and qualify the image .
part of the procedure is to re-present the image from time to time as its shape becomes clearer : ‘ in the days of arab government zuwaya distributed tax revenues to household heads , so that there should be no treasury ; and you did this ; and you did that … ‘ these [tries] to check and control the growing picture often led zuwaya to correct and modify , to elaborate and qualify the image .

The Turks might try to tax , or offer administrative salaries to Zuwaya who were willing to participate in government ; but Zuwaya always resisted these attempts to bring them into the reach of government .
the turks might try to tax , or offer administrative salaries to zuwaya who were willing to participate in government ; but zuwaya always resisted these [tries] to bring them into the reach of government .

The habit of mind which opposes family and state , and which gives the family a special position in the organization of a polity , is not solely Libyan : strongly étatique societies have often tried to abolish or limit the institution of the family ; and the attempts by government to regulate family life by intervening to increase or to decrease births , by altering rules of inheritance , by inhibiting or encouraging kinship corporations , are so familiar that they are taken to be natural functions of the state .
the habit of mind which opposes family and state , and which gives the family a special position in the organization of a polity , is not solely libyan : strongly étatique societies have often tried to abolish or limit the institution of the family ; and the [tries] by government to regulate family life by intervening to increase or to decrease births , by altering rules of inheritance , by inhibiting or encouraging kinship corporations , are so familiar that they are taken to be natural functions of the state .

Nevertheless , Libyans in Kufra and Ajdabiya resented the government 's attempts to secure social justice by altering the permitted range of economic activities , by changing the rules of participation in production and by introducing quantitative limits into the notion of property .
nevertheless , libyans in kufra and ajdabiya resented the government 's [tries] to secure social justice by altering the permitted range of economic activities , by changing the rules of participation in production and by introducing quantitative limits into the notion of property .

Away from the others , he thought his attempts to fit in had been rather embarrassing .
away from the others , he thought his [tries] to fit in had been rather embarrassing .

There 's something demeaning about Spielberg 's attempts to incorporate modern American youth culture : the Lost Boys ' rapping and skateboarding , more than anything , will prevent this movie from becoming a timeless classic .
there 's something demeaning about spielberg 's [tries] to incorporate modern american youth culture : the lost boys ' rapping and skateboarding , more than anything , will prevent this movie from becoming a timeless classic .

He also made clear his misgivings at the attempts to rush the decision .
he also made clear his misgivings at the [tries] to rush the decision .

Pillai was also prominent in attempts to achieve a solution to the Kashmir dispute .
pillai was also prominent in [tries] to achieve a solution to the kashmir dispute .

Their worthlessness is discovered only when the duped client attempts to sell them on the legitimate market .
their worthlessness is discovered only when the duped client [tries] to sell them on the legitimate market .

There have been attempts to protect the graveyards from the ignorant and the malicious .
there have been [tries] to protect the graveyards from the ignorant and the malicious .

After the society refused his application he also failed in attempts to have his case taken up by the Building Societies Association and the insurance ombudsman .
after the society refused his application he also failed in [tries] to have his case taken up by the building societies association and the insurance ombudsman .

Serious attempts to gauge the likelihood of an outbreak of Frownie-wearing in London 's health clubs have been greeted only by hoots of laughter .
serious [tries] to gauge the likelihood of an outbreak of frownie-wearing in london 's health clubs have been greeted only by hoots of laughter .

His attempts to rectify this met with little encouragement .
his [tries] to rectify this met with little encouragement .

Shaw 's infatuation with the actress Mrs Patrick Campbell , who was to play Eliza , clearly found its way into the script , giving Pygmalion a powerful undercurrent of sexuality , despite all the playwright 's blustering attempts to deny it .
shaw 's infatuation with the actress mrs patrick campbell , who was to play eliza , clearly found its way into the script , giving pygmalion a powerful undercurrent of sexuality , despite all the playwright 's blustering [tries] to deny it .

But despite the attempts by brewers to attract women and families , pubs are still dominated by men and young people , Mintel concludes .
but despite the [tries] by brewers to attract women and families , pubs are still dominated by men and young people , mintel concludes .

Hull continually capitalised on this failing with long , relieving kicks and , in addition , he kicked four penalty goals from six attempts .
hull continually capitalised on this failing with long , relieving kicks and , in addition , he kicked four penalty goals from six [tries] .

Eagles , with the elements in their favour in the opening half took full advantage , killing the game by building up a 20–0 advantage with the help of two tries from Price and six goals from eight attempts from Aston .
eagles , with the elements in their favour in the opening half took full advantage , killing the game by building up a 20–0 advantage with the help of two tries from price and six goals from eight [tries] from aston .

When Ormondroyd sent Oldfield clear he forced Nixon to make a low save , then the goalkeeper needed two attempts to parry Thompson 's fierce 25-yard free kick .
when ormondroyd sent oldfield clear he forced nixon to make a low save , then the goalkeeper needed two [tries] to parry thompson 's fierce 25-yard free kick .

Fealy 's try gave Newbridge the lead after Hayward had missed with two earlier attempts .
fealy 's try gave newbridge the lead after hayward had missed with two earlier [tries] .

Until Saturday , Mr Yeltsin and his team had received a comparatively easy ride , thwarting attempts by the Communist-dominated parliament to assert its authority over the executive .
until saturday , mr yeltsin and his team had received a comparatively easy ride , thwarting [tries] by the communist-dominated parliament to assert its authority over the executive .

More likely , Sir Patrick 's business will be to continue Mr Peter Brooke 's painstaking attempts to find common ground among Ulster 's politicians .
more likely , sir patrick 's business will be to continue mr peter brooke 's painstaking [tries] to find common ground among ulster 's politicians .

He can even indirectly , but effectively , interfere with the legal owner 's attempts to enforce his legal rights by action in the Common Law Courts .
he can even indirectly , but effectively , interfere with the legal owner 's [tries] to enforce his legal rights by action in the common law courts .

Instead two further attempts were made during Attlee 's prime-ministership to negotiate a replacement for the Quebec Agreement .
instead two further [tries] were made during attlee 's prime-ministership to negotiate a replacement for the quebec agreement .

Worse still is when Weller attempts to remotivate the sound of Saturday Nite , make it bear the burden of his meaning well .
worse still is when weller [tries] to remotivate the sound of saturday nite , make it bear the burden of his meaning well .

Indeed several attempts were made on her life , until finally one day she was found dead on the rocks , thought to have been killed by gelignite .
indeed several [tries] were made on her life , until finally one day she was found dead on the rocks , thought to have been killed by gelignite .

When Peru was actively whaling in the 1970s and early 1980s , catching Bryde 's whales mainly for the Japanese market , unsuccessful attempts had been made to introduce whale meat to the Peruvian population .
when peru was actively whaling in the 1970s and early 1980s , catching bryde 's whales mainly for the japanese market , unsuccessful [tries] had been made to introduce whale meat to the peruvian population .

One female is struck in the back , but still attempts to swim away , accompanied by her young calf .
one female is struck in the back , but still [tries] to swim away , accompanied by her young calf .

Until very recently , observers were rarely on board to verify officially reported figures , and even if they were , attempts were often made to stop them witnessing the dolphin catch .
until very recently , observers were rarely on board to verify officially reported figures , and even if they were , [tries] were often made to stop them witnessing the dolphin catch .

Dolphin kills were suspected from the time the practice of fishing on dolphins began in 1959 , but a secretive tuna industry for many years resisted all attempts to have observers placed on their boats , no doubt fearful of the outrage that would result if the truth were made public .
dolphin kills were suspected from the time the practice of fishing on dolphins began in 1959 , but a secretive tuna industry for many years resisted all [tries] to have observers placed on their boats , no doubt fearful of the outrage that would result if the truth were made public .

The resulting ‘ disaster sets ' ’ , when attempts to rescue the dolphins fail , can kill huge numbers .
the resulting ‘ disaster sets ' ’ , when [tries] to rescue the dolphins fail , can kill huge numbers .

This misleading term tends to conceal the fact that dolphins are intentionally located , chased , harassed and encircled with a fishing net , from which attempts may not be made to release them .
this misleading term tends to conceal the fact that dolphins are intentionally located , chased , harassed and encircled with a fishing net , from which [tries] may not be made to release them .

Attempts to introduce drift-nets into neighbouring New Zealand waters were more short lived .
[tries] to introduce drift-nets into neighbouring new zealand waters were more short lived .

The second flaw was no fault of the Americans : their failure , despite repeated attempts , to persuade other governments to deregulate international flights .
the second flaw was no fault of the americans : their failure , despite repeated [tries] , to persuade other governments to deregulate international flights .

Another is that he disapproves of Mr Shekhar 's attempts to talk to terrorists in Punjab and Kashmir on terms that could threaten the unity of the country .
another is that he disapproves of mr shekhar 's [tries] to talk to terrorists in punjab and kashmir on terms that could threaten the unity of the country .

There are many stories concerning man 's first attempts at making cheese .
there are many stories concerning man 's first [tries] at making cheese .

The series narrates his attempts to find employment .
the series narrates his [tries] to find employment .

The idea of substitution must be the very oldest of theories that attempts to deal with the question of why Jesus died .
the idea of substitution must be the very oldest of theories that [tries] to deal with the question of why jesus died .

This is not to say it was quiet , for Hobbes published controversial Objections to Descartes 's Meditations ( 1641 ) , and was involved in acrimonious arguments with leading mathematicians about his attempts to square the circle .
this is not to say it was quiet , for hobbes published controversial objections to descartes 's meditations ( 1641 ) , and was involved in acrimonious arguments with leading mathematicians about his [tries] to square the circle .

He recognized that some attempts had been made to cultivate the seeds of Natural Reason into something worthwhile .
he recognized that some [tries] had been made to cultivate the seeds of natural reason into something worthwhile .

People are sensible to ignore these fruitless attempts at philosophy and ‘ content themselves with daily experience ’ and common sense , even if this is merely ‘ feeding upon acorns ’ .
people are sensible to ignore these fruitless [tries] at philosophy and ‘ content themselves with daily experience ’ and common sense , even if this is merely ‘ feeding upon acorns ’ .

In his attempts to understand the paths taken by projectiles and falling bodies , he had ‘ opened to us the gate of natural philosophy universal , which is the knowledge of the nature of motion ’ .
in his [tries] to understand the paths taken by projectiles and falling bodies , he had ‘ opened to us the gate of natural philosophy universal , which is the knowledge of the nature of motion ’ .

If India 's government is persuaded that warming will produce better and more reliable monsoons , then it might decide that the interests of its burgeoning population would be better served by global warming than by attempts to hold it in check .
if india 's government is persuaded that warming will produce better and more reliable monsoons , then it might decide that the interests of its burgeoning population would be better served by global warming than by [tries] to hold it in check .

Even before the upheavals in Europe they were warning against attempts to subtract environmental aid from development aid .
even before the upheavals in europe they were warning against [tries] to subtract environmental aid from development aid .

Only in the last resort , under careful international policing and after all other attempts at persuasion have been exhausted .
only in the last resort , under careful international policing and after all other [tries] at persuasion have been exhausted .

And Europe was split by the attempts of those who sought to unite it by force .
and europe was split by the [tries] of those who sought to unite it by force .

Mr Duroselle is cataloguing , first , a tendency for Europeans to be more similar than they are different , although their very diversity is what marks them out ; and second , the various aspirations — if not actual attempts — to bring Europeans into conscious , and voluntary , union .
mr duroselle is cataloguing , first , a tendency for europeans to be more similar than they are different , although their very diversity is what marks them out ; and second , the various aspirations — if not actual [tries] — to bring europeans into conscious , and voluntary , union .

Past attempts to remove the old leaders have all failed .
past [tries] to remove the old leaders have all failed .

He posted the detective constable he had with him back down the path to join his colleague , armed with instructions to repel all attempts by anyone , however senior or armed with whatever authority , to go anywhere near the body unless he , Sergeant Black , personally accompanied them .
he posted the detective constable he had with him back down the path to join his colleague , armed with instructions to repel all [tries] by anyone , however senior or armed with whatever authority , to go anywhere near the body unless he , sergeant black , personally accompanied them .

Until four years ago , all attempts had failed .
until four years ago , all [tries] had failed .

But Mr Yeltsin himself has been unable to give the miners public support because their strike threatens Russia 's stubborn attempts to plough its lonely furrow of economic reform .
but mr yeltsin himself has been unable to give the miners public support because their strike threatens russia 's stubborn [tries] to plough its lonely furrow of economic reform .

Fearing that any investigation into this anti-communist network might be a prelude to his own eviction from the presidential palace , Mr Cossiga has tried to fight off all attempts to question him about Gladio .
fearing that any investigation into this anti-communist network might be a prelude to his own eviction from the presidential palace , mr cossiga has tried to fight off all [tries] to question him about gladio .

Ayatollah Taqi al-Mudarrisi , spiritual leader of the radical Islamic Works Movement which claims to have organised three assassination attempts on the Iraqi president , says internal change in Iraq , without war , would be the best outcome for the whole region .
ayatollah taqi al-mudarrisi , spiritual leader of the radical islamic works movement which claims to have organised three assassination [tries] on the iraqi president , says internal change in iraq , without war , would be the best outcome for the whole region .

After all , Germany does have a disturbingly long tradition of attempts to expand and dominate militarily the European continent .
after all , germany does have a disturbingly long tradition of [tries] to expand and dominate militarily the european continent .

‘ Titmuss Regained ’ is the story of how Titmuss , like the present Conservative party , attempts to go green .
‘ titmuss regained ’ is the story of how titmuss , like the present conservative party , [tries] to go green .

Certainly , some tough market-building decisions are looming for the Germans — in particular , attempts to create European regimes for road transport and the insurance business that will hurt German interests .
certainly , some tough market-building decisions are looming for the germans — in particular , [tries] to create european regimes for road transport and the insurance business that will hurt german interests .

Fidel Ramos , a former army chief and now defence secretary , could point out to voters that he had loyally defended the president in the numerous coup attempts against her .
fidel ramos , a former army chief and now defence secretary , could point out to voters that he had loyally defended the president in the numerous coup [tries] against her .

Perhaps the enormity of the facts and figures reaching his desk enabled him to overcome , for the first time , the old Marxists who were already resisting his attempts to change the way things were done .
perhaps the enormity of the facts and figures reaching his desk enabled him to overcome , for the first time , the old marxists who were already resisting his [tries] to change the way things were done .

Repeated attempts to provoke an attack may cause the symptoms to disappear altogether .
repeated [tries] to provoke an attack may cause the symptoms to disappear altogether .

When he went back into the recording studio , the results sounded like painful attempts at self-parody or worse .
when he went back into the recording studio , the results sounded like painful [tries] at self-parody or worse .

Mrs Thatcher granted a brief photo-opportunity to the cameras in the rain outside Number 10 before lunch to proclaim ‘ a great day for freedom , a great day for liberty ’ and noted ‘ the joy on people 's faces ’ as proof of the futility of attempts to stiffle freedom since 1945 .
mrs thatcher granted a brief photo-opportunity to the cameras in the rain outside number 10 before lunch to proclaim ‘ a great day for freedom , a great day for liberty ’ and noted ‘ the joy on people 's faces ’ as proof of the futility of [tries] to stiffle freedom since 1945 .

’ Speaking on Capitol Hill , the Assistant Secretary of State for the Near East , Mr John Kelly , said that he hoped attempts to bring peace to divided Lebanon would continue .
’ speaking on capitol hill , the assistant secretary of state for the near east , mr john kelly , said that he hoped [tries] to bring peace to divided lebanon would continue .

Manchester 's attempts to stage the 1996 Olympic Games are being hindered by British sport 's two-faced approach to South Africa , said Sam Ramsamy , chairman of the South African Non-Racial Olympic Committee , at a civic reception in Manchester yesterday , writes Michael Morris .
manchester 's [tries] to stage the 1996 olympic games are being hindered by british sport 's two-faced approach to south africa , said sam ramsamy , chairman of the south african non-racial olympic committee , at a civic reception in manchester yesterday , writes michael morris .

It was not self-evident that any impartiality was due to those who supported or excused attempts to achieve political change by terrorism .
it was not self-evident that any impartiality was due to those who supported or excused [tries] to achieve political change by terrorism .

Brendan Nasser and David Carter are well capable of disrupting French attempts at fluidity , but France 's problem is possession and if Lorieux , Devergie and Erbani ( a back-row man at lock ) can not provide authority , then Lynagh will surely punish Fouroux 's selection at full-back of France 's most capped centre , Philippe Sella .
brendan nasser and david carter are well capable of disrupting french [tries] at fluidity , but france 's problem is possession and if lorieux , devergie and erbani ( a back-row man at lock ) can not provide authority , then lynagh will surely punish fouroux 's selection at full-back of france 's most capped centre , philippe sella .

Current attempts to link its internal to its external development have something synthetic about them .
current [tries] to link its internal to its external development have something synthetic about them .

Two earlier attempts to find a solution at Acas failed .
two earlier [tries] to find a solution at acas failed .

Sir David is likely to stress that proposals which are viewed in the colony as ungenerous would create difficulties for his administration 's attempts to ensure a smooth transition to Chinese rule .
sir david is likely to stress that proposals which are viewed in the colony as ungenerous would create difficulties for his administration 's [tries] to ensure a smooth transition to chinese rule .

It was ‘ not self-evident ’ that any duty of impartiality was owed to those who supported or excused attempts to achieve political change by terrorism .
it was ‘ not self-evident ’ that any duty of impartiality was owed to those who supported or excused [tries] to achieve political change by terrorism .

For even before it , the new president 's attempts to form a government of national unity had been faltering , thanks mainly to Gen Aoun 's opposition .
for even before it , the new president 's [tries] to form a government of national unity had been faltering , thanks mainly to gen aoun 's opposition .

For even before it , the new president 's attempts to form a government of national unity had been faltering , thanks mainly to Gen Aoun 's opposition .
for even before it , the new president 's [tries] to form a government of national unity had been faltering , thanks mainly to gen aoun 's opposition .

Attempts to persuade motorists to use buses have failed .
[tries] to persuade motorists to use buses have failed .

It is a long piece of detailed , even pedantic , research on higher education in Britain , which makes numerous descriptive comparisons between the Universities of Oxford and Cambridge , and attempts to understand the differences , similarities and changing natures of the two institutions .
it is a long piece of detailed , even pedantic , research on higher education in britain , which makes numerous descriptive comparisons between the universities of oxford and cambridge , and [tries] to understand the differences , similarities and changing natures of the two institutions .

Cohn 's style — which attempts to mimic the street lingo of cliches and superlatives — does his new friends no favours .
cohn 's style — which [tries] to mimic the street lingo of cliches and superlatives — does his new friends no favours .

But any attempts by frustrated British dancers to persuade their public otherwise are hardly helped by the growing profile of Russian performers at the Royal Ballet itself , the holy of holies of English ballet .
but any [tries] by frustrated british dancers to persuade their public otherwise are hardly helped by the growing profile of russian performers at the royal ballet itself , the holy of holies of english ballet .

Baldwin 's and Chamberlain 's attempts to appease Hitler were in this respect thoroughly British .
baldwin 's and chamberlain 's [tries] to appease hitler were in this respect thoroughly british .

It is rather the inner emptiness or ignorance which the spate of words attempts to conceal .
it is rather the inner emptiness or ignorance which the spate of words [tries] to conceal .

Canizares , 45 , second and fourth on his last two tour outings in the Catalan and Portuguese Opens , is the only player under par on 212 , four under , and is five strokes clear of the field as he attempts to emulate the millionaire feats of Severiano Ballesteros , Jose-Maria Olazabal and Jose Rivero .
canizares , 45 , second and fourth on his last two tour outings in the catalan and portuguese opens , is the only player under par on 212 , four under , and is five strokes clear of the field as he [tries] to emulate the millionaire feats of severiano ballesteros , jose-maria olazabal and jose rivero .

Pontypool 's spoiling tactics nullified Llanelli 's attempts to play open rugby with Moon and Stevens , the visitors ' half-backs , constantly under pressure .
pontypool 's spoiling tactics nullified llanelli 's [tries] to play open rugby with moon and stevens , the visitors ' half-backs , constantly under pressure .

Both missed with other attempts before Stephens made amends in the second half , landing another three penalties and kicking three conversions .
both missed with other [tries] before stephens made amends in the second half , landing another three penalties and kicking three conversions .

Conversely , he was five over for the par-fives and did not have one birdie in eight attempts .
conversely , he was five over for the par-fives and did not have one birdie in eight [tries] .

Davis failed to make contact with either of two clearly visible reds in three attempts when leading 37–36 in the ninth frame — and thus allowed Doherty safe passage into today 's semi-finals .
davis failed to make contact with either of two clearly visible reds in three [tries] when leading 37–36 in the ninth frame — and thus allowed doherty safe passage into today 's semi-finals .

Wilkinson landed five kicks from as many attempts and kicked a drop to supplement tries from Whitfield , Garner , Ratu and Kerr .
wilkinson landed five kicks from as many [tries] and kicked a drop to supplement tries from whitfield , garner , ratu and kerr .

Mr Yeltsin stressed , however , that he would fight any attempts to cancel the emergency powers granted to him by the last Congress in October .
mr yeltsin stressed , however , that he would fight any [tries] to cancel the emergency powers granted to him by the last congress in october .

Pressure is growing from several camps to adopt a more strident tone towards other republics , to give up attempts to bolster the Commonwealth of Independent States and allow Russia to go it alone , especially on military matters .
pressure is growing from several camps to adopt a more strident tone towards other republics , to give up [tries] to bolster the commonwealth of independent states and allow russia to go it alone , especially on military matters .

President Kravchuk said he would resist any attempts by Russia to take over the Black Sea fleet or to change the status of Crimea .
president kravchuk said he would resist any [tries] by russia to take over the black sea fleet or to change the status of crimea .

This is a defensive mechanism which helps them to survive attempts on their lives by predators .
this is a defensive mechanism which helps them to survive [tries] on their lives by predators .

One method attempts to compare the structures of teeth or limbs or some other feature of the extinct animal with living analogues .
one method [tries] to compare the structures of teeth or limbs or some other feature of the extinct animal with living analogues .

Staff cuts and reductions in overtime , both introduced as part of the Authority 's attempts to increase book profits , were blamed by Lewis in more than one confidential memo for procedures which cut corners and increased the risk of accidents .
staff cuts and reductions in overtime , both introduced as part of the authority 's [tries] to increase book profits , were blamed by lewis in more than one confidential memo for procedures which cut corners and increased the risk of accidents .

If political groups and parties atrophy into a façade behind which there hides nothing but the power struggles of bureaucrats in the party apparatus , then a pluralist , democratic society will be transformed into a mass of isolated individuals whose political thinking is uniformly directed by the mass media … In the Federal Republic this hollowness of the political parties is already evident in their largely successful attempts to make parties the beneficiaries of the state and members of parliament state employees .
if political groups and parties atrophy into a façade behind which there hides nothing but the power struggles of bureaucrats in the party apparatus , then a pluralist , democratic society will be transformed into a mass of isolated individuals whose political thinking is uniformly directed by the mass media … in the federal republic this hollowness of the political parties is already evident in their largely successful [tries] to make parties the beneficiaries of the state and members of parliament state employees .

Although there have been attempts to separate these in the public mind , they are inseparable .
although there have been [tries] to separate these in the public mind , they are inseparable .

Mould talked about some of his previous attempts to escape .
mould talked about some of his previous [tries] to escape .

If management , as usually conceived , attempts to mediate this role it will either fail utterly because it will be excluded by the people involved , or it will have distorting effects which can only be dysfunctional .
if management , as usually conceived , [tries] to mediate this role it will either fail utterly because it will be excluded by the people involved , or it will have distorting effects which can only be dysfunctional .

It has been attacked on the grounds that it attempts to relate particular skills to different levels of management , or that it sectionalises/parochialises management thinking .
it has been attacked on the grounds that it [tries] to relate particular skills to different levels of management , or that it sectionalises/parochialises management thinking .

The first is a recognition that much of what has been described above already exists , but needs to be made explicit and systematic ; and secondly , there must be a recognition that partial attempts to change are almost inevitably doomed to fail in that they will always be compromised and administered by the history and culture of many schools .
the first is a recognition that much of what has been described above already exists , but needs to be made explicit and systematic ; and secondly , there must be a recognition that partial [tries] to change are almost inevitably doomed to fail in that they will always be compromised and administered by the history and culture of many schools .

Labour will adamantly oppose any attempts to permit commercial exploitation of the virgin continent of Antarctica .
labour will adamantly oppose any [tries] to permit commercial exploitation of the virgin continent of antarctica .

Many attempts have been made simply to control the starfish .
many [tries] have been made simply to control the starfish .

The risk of an even greater concentration of power , and the attendant risk of its mis-use , was recognised after the Second World War and it meant the pre-war attempts of active buying out were never resumed .
the risk of an even greater concentration of power , and the attendant risk of its mis-use , was recognised after the second world war and it meant the pre-war [tries] of active buying out were never resumed .

We shall see that explanations of social systems in terms of a male reproductive strategy contingent on a female rearing strategy make good sense in attempts at understanding the evolution of primate societies .
we shall see that explanations of social systems in terms of a male reproductive strategy contingent on a female rearing strategy make good sense in [tries] at understanding the evolution of primate societies .

As Struhsaker ( 1969 ) pointed out , uncertainties and irregularities in attempts to allocate primate species to socio-ecological grades may be attributed to phylogenetic heritage .
as struhsaker ( 1969 ) pointed out , uncertainties and irregularities in [tries] to allocate primate species to socio-ecological grades may be attributed to phylogenetic heritage .

Many attempts have been made to compile a genealogical tree showing the relationships of these animals to one another and to man .
many [tries] have been made to compile a genealogical tree showing the relationships of these animals to one another and to man .

Once an individual obtains meat he attempts to protect it and eat it privately .
once an individual obtains meat he [tries] to protect it and eat it privately .

Rather , it attempts to give the reader a general picture of how other practitioners and commentators have responded to the various theoretical strands which the major pioneers have spun for us , and to demonstrate how the community drama movement , right up to the mid-1960s , uniquely outshone in both effort and prestige the work of pioneers in classroom drama .
rather , it [tries] to give the reader a general picture of how other practitioners and commentators have responded to the various theoretical strands which the major pioneers have spun for us , and to demonstrate how the community drama movement , right up to the mid-1960s , uniquely outshone in both effort and prestige the work of pioneers in classroom drama .

Our charge against the metaphysician is not that he attempts to employ the understanding in a field where it can not possibly venture , but that he produces sentences which fail to conform to the conditions under which alone a sentence can be literally significant .
our charge against the metaphysician is not that he [tries] to employ the understanding in a field where it can not possibly venture , but that he produces sentences which fail to conform to the conditions under which alone a sentence can be literally significant .

As a ‘ no meaning ’ atheist , Ayer attempts to find a principle in terms of which to reject the whole business of theology as meaningless .
as a ‘ no meaning ’ atheist , ayer [tries] to find a principle in terms of which to reject the whole business of theology as meaningless .

Certainty that God existed , or the existence of a convincing ‘ proof ’ of the existence of God such as Anselm attempts in the Proslogion , would be incompatible with faith in God .
certainty that god existed , or the existence of a convincing ‘ proof ’ of the existence of god such as anselm [tries] in the proslogion , would be incompatible with faith in god .

Appraisal attempts to improve performance by determining regularly how well a job is being done .
appraisal [tries] to improve performance by determining regularly how well a job is being done .

Their behaviour must also be frequent or serious enough to justify attempts to alter it by deliberate management action .
their behaviour must also be frequent or serious enough to justify [tries] to alter it by deliberate management action .

Attempts to do this will usually lead to separating internal forces from external ones .
[tries] to do this will usually lead to separating internal forces from external ones .

After a few feeble and dispirited attempts to rotate his shoulders in a circular movement , or raise and lower his arms , he subsided with a groan and lay slumped until the nurse helped him up again and the torture continued .
after a few feeble and dispirited [tries] to rotate his shoulders in a circular movement , or raise and lower his arms , he subsided with a groan and lay slumped until the nurse helped him up again and the torture continued .

She stood and watched his weak attempts to comply .
she stood and watched his weak [tries] to comply .

The results of recent behind-the-scenes attempts by Mr Cecil Parkinson , the Transport Secretary , to win extra funds from the Treasury for transport infrastructure are due to be unveiled this week .
the results of recent behind-the-scenes [tries] by mr cecil parkinson , the transport secretary , to win extra funds from the treasury for transport infrastructure are due to be unveiled this week .

And where the old gargoyles are now crumbling away , attempts are being made to replace them , expensive though this is .
and where the old gargoyles are now crumbling away , [tries] are being made to replace them , expensive though this is .

Their long folk memories recalled other attempts to produce native silk over the previous hundred years — and how all of them had failed .
their long folk memories recalled other [tries] to produce native silk over the previous hundred years — and how all of them had failed .

In attempts to deal with this type of criticism , the basic tests have been ‘ upgraded ’ in several ways .
in [tries] to deal with this type of criticism , the basic tests have been ‘ upgraded ’ in several ways .

There are , however , some examples where the individual appears unable to adjust to a 24-hour routine in spite of attempts to do so .
there are , however , some examples where the individual appears unable to adjust to a 24-hour routine in spite of [tries] to do so .

The placebo effect means that any treatment will improve a patient merely because he wants to recover and is responding to the clinician 's attempts to help rather than to a specific treatment .
the placebo effect means that any treatment will improve a patient merely because he wants to recover and is responding to the clinician 's [tries] to help rather than to a specific treatment .

Prior to their purchase of the building , the owner of the adjoining mill house had made two attempts to obtain permission from the local authority to change the use of the mill from industrial premises into a dwelling , but it was only with the current owners ' application of 1977 that planning permission for this change was granted .
prior to their purchase of the building , the owner of the adjoining mill house had made two [tries] to obtain permission from the local authority to change the use of the mill from industrial premises into a dwelling , but it was only with the current owners ' application of 1977 that planning permission for this change was granted .

The request was first submitted a number of months ago , but all attempts through the usual channels have failed .
the request was first submitted a number of months ago , but all [tries] through the usual channels have failed .

And those who have made similar attempts at spiritual self-chronicling have hedged their story about with provisos .
and those who have made similar [tries] at spiritual self-chronicling have hedged their story about with provisos .

Christian orthodoxies , he was making dogged attempts to come to terms with his sado-masochistic tendencies .
christian orthodoxies , he was making dogged [tries] to come to terms with his sado-masochistic tendencies .

His early attempts at evening wear were often disastrous , inspiring groans at the Oscars when Michelle and Julia showed off their sludgy simplicity to an overdressed audience hungry for sparkles and sequins .
his early [tries] at evening wear were often disastrous , inspiring groans at the oscars when michelle and julia showed off their sludgy simplicity to an overdressed audience hungry for sparkles and sequins .

The important British companies , from Korda 's London Films to Goldcrest , have attracted capital at a point where they seemed to understand the economic need to balance Hollywood extravagance with a strong dose of parsimony , but all have ended up committing suicide by spending huge sums of money on attempts to emulate Hollywood .
the important british companies , from korda 's london films to goldcrest , have attracted capital at a point where they seemed to understand the economic need to balance hollywood extravagance with a strong dose of parsimony , but all have ended up committing suicide by spending huge sums of money on [tries] to emulate hollywood .

However token the attempts to open the play out from its Tudor house setting with shots of sea waves , a train coming into a station and a village street , the result is still entertaining .
however token the [tries] to open the play out from its tudor house setting with shots of sea waves , a train coming into a station and a village street , the result is still entertaining .

Attempts from within to knock the dust off Ealing cosiness were crushed by Balcon .
[tries] from within to knock the dust off ealing cosiness were crushed by balcon .

About half the deputies who defied Gen Aoun 's attempts to block the presidential election are Christians like Mr Muawad .
about half the deputies who defied gen aoun 's [tries] to block the presidential election are christians like mr muawad .

We keep open house here and they can come and go as they please before settling down , as many do , after a few attempts .
we keep open house here and they can come and go as they please before settling down , as many do , after a few [tries] .

Victoria Lockhart , 20 , finished her three-year relationship with Dennis Harper , 25 , when she got fed up with his endless attempts to alter the way she looked .
victoria lockhart , 20 , finished her three-year relationship with dennis harper , 25 , when she got fed up with his endless [tries] to alter the way she looked .

Even when as in the Act 2 aria for Medea 's servant , Neris , he attempts a flowing canzonetta and decks it with a distinctive bassoon obligato , he lets the number go on far too long , or so it seems when as here the bassoon roars out in determined competition with the mezzo , Claire Powell .
even when as in the act 2 aria for medea 's servant , neris , he [tries] a flowing canzonetta and decks it with a distinctive bassoon obligato , he lets the number go on far too long , or so it seems when as here the bassoon roars out in determined competition with the mezzo , claire powell .

Even when as in the Act 2 aria for Medea 's servant , Neris , he attempts a flowing canzonetta and decks it with a distinctive bassoon obligato , he lets the number go on far too long , or so it seems when as here the bassoon roars out in determined competition with the mezzo , Claire Powell .
even when as in the act 2 aria for medea 's servant , neris , he [tries] a flowing canzonetta and decks it with a distinctive bassoon obligato , he lets the number go on far too long , or so it seems when as here the bassoon roars out in determined competition with the mezzo , claire powell .

Last-ditch attempts to stop deportation of Kurdish refugees
last-ditch [tries] to stop deportation of kurdish refugees

Attempts to professionalize the police by recruiting more graduates and introducing specialist training is thus resisted by many from below .
[tries] to professionalize the police by recruiting more graduates and introducing specialist training is thus resisted by many from below .

He urged Sir Robin Butler , the Cabinet Secretary and Head of the Home Civil Service , to issue new guidelines preventing further attempts ‘ to drag civil servants into the party political arena ’ .
he urged sir robin butler , the cabinet secretary and head of the home civil service , to issue new guidelines preventing further [tries] ‘ to drag civil servants into the party political arena ’ .

Most such attempts , it concluded , are actually perpetrated by authorised users , and can usually be covered by existing law .
most such [tries] , it concluded , are actually perpetrated by authorised users , and can usually be covered by existing law .

Several times in the past , there have been attempts to murder her .
several times in the past , there have been [tries] to murder her .

His acute political and personal crisis was increased by a direct attack from Michael Heseltine , who said the Chancellor 's attempts to shrug off the trade deficit smacked of ‘ socialist naivety ’ .
his acute political and personal crisis was increased by a direct attack from michael heseltine , who said the chancellor 's [tries] to shrug off the trade deficit smacked of ‘ socialist naivety ’ .

Bingham acknowledged that his southern neighbours deserved their first appearance in the finals after beating the North for the first time in four attempts .
bingham acknowledged that his southern neighbours deserved their first appearance in the finals after beating the north for the first time in four [tries] .

Laura Davies , whose aim at the beginning of the year was to win on both sides of the Atlantic , again attempts to complete the second leg of her target .
laura davies , whose aim at the beginning of the year was to win on both sides of the atlantic , again [tries] to complete the second leg of her target .

As a result of the constant remodelling of premises through the period , most of the Victorian pub interiors which survive are late 19th century in date , and most attempts to create ‘ Victorian ’ interiors concentrate on the grander survivals ; this , combined with the common inability to create a sympathetic design , has led to a stereotype of the Victorian pub which is inaccurate .
as a result of the constant remodelling of premises through the period , most of the victorian pub interiors which survive are late 19th century in date , and most [tries] to create ‘ victorian ’ interiors concentrate on the grander survivals ; this , combined with the common inability to create a sympathetic design , has led to a stereotype of the victorian pub which is inaccurate .

But as an Indian woman , and the only daughter among seven brothers , she resisted all attempts to teach her how to cook and clean fish and how to prepare spices for sauces .
but as an indian woman , and the only daughter among seven brothers , she resisted all [tries] to teach her how to cook and clean fish and how to prepare spices for sauces .

This new approach is known as cognitive neuropsychology , and it attempts to explain the impairments which neuropsychological patients unfortunately experience within the vocabulary of cognitive psychology .
this new approach is known as cognitive neuropsychology , and it [tries] to explain the impairments which neuropsychological patients unfortunately experience within the vocabulary of cognitive psychology .

And there has been a remarkable interchange of ideas between computational theorists and neuroscientists , in which attempts to create computer models of neural function have not only generated powerful new tools for the interpreting of the brain but have also fed back into computer theory and practice .
and there has been a remarkable interchange of ideas between computational theorists and neuroscientists , in which [tries] to create computer models of neural function have not only generated powerful new tools for the interpreting of the brain but have also fed back into computer theory and practice .

She attempts a snarl , lost in the chit-chat .
she [tries] a snarl , lost in the chit-chat .

This is particularly true for early attempts at flying cross-country , where it is vital to use a priority system for concentrating on the important aspects of the flying .
this is particularly true for early [tries] at flying cross-country , where it is vital to use a priority system for concentrating on the important aspects of the flying .

In most respects , using wave lift is far safer than cloud flying for attempts at Gold and Diamond heights .
in most respects , using wave lift is far safer than cloud flying for [tries] at gold and diamond heights .

The only safe policy is to have oxygen equipment available and to insist on its use for any attempts at Gold or Diamond Heights .
the only safe policy is to have oxygen equipment available and to insist on its use for any [tries] at gold or diamond heights .

Attempts at Gold Height ( 3000 metres gain of height )
[tries] at gold height ( 3000 metres gain of height )

By law no attempts may be made to hasten death or prolong the life of the sufferer .
by law no [tries] may be made to hasten death or prolong the life of the sufferer .

Lorca 's attempts at surrealism issued in response to his friend Salvador Dali 's savage criticisms of his lack of modernity in his Gypsy Ballads ( ’ Bound hand and feet to the old poetry , ’ as Dali commented ) .
lorca 's [tries] at surrealism issued in response to his friend salvador dali 's savage criticisms of his lack of modernity in his gypsy ballads ( ’ bound hand and feet to the old poetry , ’ as dali commented ) .

Their natural rebelliousness achieved its heights now , not least in their violation of the traditional rules , their attempts to undermine the institution by radical policies , their attempts to breach the system .
their natural rebelliousness achieved its heights now , not least in their violation of the traditional rules , their [tries] to undermine the institution by radical policies , their [tries] to breach the system .

If your opponent attempts a roundhouse kick to one side of your head , thrust forwards off your rear foot as soon as his foot lifts and the hips begin to rotate .
if your opponent [tries] a roundhouse kick to one side of your head , thrust forwards off your rear foot as soon as his foot lifts and the hips begin to rotate .

This hooking action is important because it interferes with the opponent 's attempts to free his arm and keeps him closed off for a longer period .
this hooking action is important because it interferes with the opponent 's [tries] to free his arm and keeps him closed off for a longer period .

There were deliberate attempts to develop elements of both high and popular culture in music , poetry , dance , and games .
there were deliberate [tries] to develop elements of both high and popular culture in music , poetry , dance , and games .

All the ruthless attempts to force her from this allegiance have not shaken her faith .
all the ruthless [tries] to force her from this allegiance have not shaken her faith .

The reaction of the first Dáil to successive attempts to introduce legislation for divorce was to change standing orders so that such a bill could not be introduced again .
the reaction of the first dáil to successive [tries] to introduce legislation for divorce was to change standing orders so that such a bill could not be introduced again .

Yet he should not weep too long because old stone face himself , Ivan Lendl , made five attempts to land a major title .
yet he should not weep too long because old stone face himself , ivan lendl , made five [tries] to land a major title .

The argument is therefore not about police control or a utopia without controls , but to explore why some cultural behaviour has a history of police action and to discover where that behaviour fits into police ideology . Its status or ( as importantly ) its lack of value creates complex systems of meaning which are rarely articulated ; for the police world has similar strictures to that which Benedict ( 1967 ) described in her attempts to understand the rigidities of Japanese culture :
the argument is therefore not about police control or a utopia without controls , but to explore why some cultural behaviour has a history of police action and to discover where that behaviour fits into police ideology . its status or ( as importantly ) its lack of value creates complex systems of meaning which are rarely articulated ; for the police world has similar strictures to that which benedict ( 1967 ) described in her [tries] to understand the rigidities of japanese culture :

Those who do go public are disloyal and there are thinly veiled attempts to dismiss the value of any revelation they make , for they are expected to remain silent and uncritical .
those who do go public are disloyal and there are thinly veiled [tries] to dismiss the value of any revelation they make , for they are expected to remain silent and uncritical .

But if attempts to produce this concrete research are doomed to neglect or derision or to be defined as ‘ espionage ’ , then what can be achieved ?
but if [tries] to produce this concrete research are doomed to neglect or derision or to be defined as ‘ espionage ’ , then what can be achieved ?

The remainder were taken up in the amalgamations of 1974 , which coincided with the creation of the Metropolitan Councils , and today 's amalgamated forces often seem to owe as much to local and national political opportunity than to any operational logic ; and even two decades after the first melding together of the small forces , attempts to standardize uniform and systems of operation has consistently failed to dislodge many localized , small-scale beliefs and practices .
the remainder were taken up in the amalgamations of 1974 , which coincided with the creation of the metropolitan councils , and today 's amalgamated forces often seem to owe as much to local and national political opportunity than to any operational logic ; and even two decades after the first melding together of the small forces , [tries] to standardize uniform and systems of operation has consistently failed to dislodge many localized , small-scale beliefs and practices .

The Danes have also taken a more enlightened viewpoint and have enlisted the help of a ‘ swinging ’ young poet to publicize their attempts at health education .
the danes have also taken a more enlightened viewpoint and have enlisted the help of a ‘ swinging ’ young poet to publicize their [tries] at health education .

Both can be seen as genuine attempts at making something out of nothing , attempts at getting something even if it 's only a laugh out of a life which , in many cases , by 16 has already run into a collection of brick walls labelled ‘ unemployment ’ , ‘ shit jobs ’ and ‘ routine brushes with the Law ’ .
both can be seen as genuine [tries] at making something out of nothing , [tries] at getting something even if it 's only a laugh out of a life which , in many cases , by 16 has already run into a collection of brick walls labelled ‘ unemployment ’ , ‘ shit jobs ’ and ‘ routine brushes with the law ’ .

Topped with the typical cynical yet liberal chorus , ‘ William It Was Really Nothing ’ appeared as a complete condemnation of the ‘ Glenda Brownlow ’ approach towards marriage ; simply another of Morrissey 's attempts to dispense with a traditionally Northern , working class system , an assault on an institution which effectively freezes two people into whatever mundane existence they live , as a blindly accepted method of halting all ambition .
topped with the typical cynical yet liberal chorus , ‘ william it was really nothing ’ appeared as a complete condemnation of the ‘ glenda brownlow ’ approach towards marriage ; simply another of morrissey 's [tries] to dispense with a traditionally northern , working class system , an assault on an institution which effectively freezes two people into whatever mundane existence they live , as a blindly accepted method of halting all ambition .

There really ought to be no further attempts to dramatically improve stamina now .
there really ought to be no further [tries] to dramatically improve stamina now .

Experience shows that the greater the degree of acceleration that a test attempts to achieve , i.e. , the further removed are the conditions of test from actual market conditions , the greater is the risk of occurrence of changes which never occur at market conditions , i.e. , the test no longer merely accelerates changes occurring under ‘ normal ’ conditions .
experience shows that the greater the degree of acceleration that a test [tries] to achieve , i.e. , the further removed are the conditions of test from actual market conditions , the greater is the risk of occurrence of changes which never occur at market conditions , i.e. , the test no longer merely accelerates changes occurring under ‘ normal ’ conditions .

To the best of my knowledge , for all the talk this question has engendered over the years , there have been very few attempts within the profession to formulate an official answer .
to the best of my knowledge , for all the talk this question has engendered over the years , there have been very few [tries] within the profession to formulate an official answer .

All attempts to please him in any other way are mere mockery , and insults to the things by which you endeavour to do so .
all [tries] to please him in any other way are mere mockery , and insults to the things by which you endeavour to do so .

Attempts to simplify this , particularly in the vogue for a massive Romanesque style in the 1880s , foundered on the sheer scope of station-building continent-wide , and the range of experimentation which arose from the repeated station renewal of railway companies whose exaggerated energy and corporate conceit were to endanger their own survival .
[tries] to simplify this , particularly in the vogue for a massive romanesque style in the 1880s , foundered on the sheer scope of station-building continent-wide , and the range of experimentation which arose from the repeated station renewal of railway companies whose exaggerated energy and corporate conceit were to endanger their own survival .

Attempts to reform the education service in the 1930s had been frustrated by financial stringencies ( of the kind , for example , that led to the substitution of special for free places in secondary schools ) , by the conservative indifference towards education that marked the National Governments of the decade , and , perhaps most decisively , by the persistence of religious difficulties .
[tries] to reform the education service in the 1930s had been frustrated by financial stringencies ( of the kind , for example , that led to the substitution of special for free places in secondary schools ) , by the conservative indifference towards education that marked the national governments of the decade , and , perhaps most decisively , by the persistence of religious difficulties .

Brave attempts were made to give some of the schools a particular flavour by linking them to particular emphases , or even particular careers .
brave [tries] were made to give some of the schools a particular flavour by linking them to particular emphases , or even particular careers .

Most of them , protected by their voluntary-aided status , resisted for twenty years and more all attempts to change their fiercely academic character or to entangle them in vague schemes of amalgamation or co-operation with secondary modern schools .
most of them , protected by their voluntary-aided status , resisted for twenty years and more all [tries] to change their fiercely academic character or to entangle them in vague schemes of amalgamation or co-operation with secondary modern schools .

Michael Young , in his paradoxically assumed role , quotes approvingly the strictures of Lord James on misguided attempts to generalize an élite education :
michael young , in his paradoxically assumed role , quotes approvingly the strictures of lord james on misguided [tries] to generalize an élite education :

During the years of its active life ( its decline and fall will be related later ) it gave thrust and direction to the necessary attempts to develop curricula that would be appropriate to the diverse aptitudes and abilities now present in all secondary schools .
during the years of its active life ( its decline and fall will be related later ) it gave thrust and direction to the necessary [tries] to develop curricula that would be appropriate to the diverse aptitudes and abilities now present in all secondary schools .

Attempts had been made to find alternative uses , but it was evident that nothing suitable was forthcoming .
[tries] had been made to find alternative uses , but it was evident that nothing suitable was forthcoming .

It is not hard to see how attempts to value popular culture or television , or to legitimize their academic study , come up against Adorno and Horkheimer as a check which it may be easier to think around than to think through .
it is not hard to see how [tries] to value popular culture or television , or to legitimize their academic study , come up against adorno and horkheimer as a check which it may be easier to think around than to think through .

There are of course exceptions — film noir , melodrama and , for television , prime-time melodrama are critical attempts to define a genre or distinguish a subgenre where no industry label exists — and in television there is increasing recognition by both critics and producers of cross-generic mutations which defy easy categorization .
there are of course exceptions — film noir , melodrama and , for television , prime-time melodrama are critical [tries] to define a genre or distinguish a subgenre where no industry label exists — and in television there is increasing recognition by both critics and producers of cross-generic mutations which defy easy categorization .

Thus Houston attempts to think through the difference which television 's textual specificity presents to theories of the psychoanalytic and semiotic subject , while recognizing at the same time the interrelationship between that specificity and the specificities of institution and viewing .
thus houston [tries] to think through the difference which television 's textual specificity presents to theories of the psychoanalytic and semiotic subject , while recognizing at the same time the interrelationship between that specificity and the specificities of institution and viewing .

Unknowingly Raistrick followed the same path as the St. Mary 's workers and came to the same conclusion : the instability of the antibacterial substance did not make further attempts worth while .
unknowingly raistrick followed the same path as the st. mary 's workers and came to the same conclusion : the instability of the antibacterial substance did not make further [tries] worth while .

One or two other workers made attempts at isolating the antibacterial substance from Penicillium during the 1930s .
one or two other workers made [tries] at isolating the antibacterial substance from penicillium during the 1930s .

In spite of many attempts to extend the use of hormones to the treatment of other cancers , it appears that their important effects are on the organs which they normally control .
in spite of many [tries] to extend the use of hormones to the treatment of other cancers , it appears that their important effects are on the organs which they normally control .

Attempts to determine their molecular weight suggested that proteins were behaving as though they were substances with a fixed and definite composition and , probably , structure .
[tries] to determine their molecular weight suggested that proteins were behaving as though they were substances with a fixed and definite composition and , probably , structure .

However , valiant attempts were made to conduct massive trials in which as much information as possible could be included .
however , valiant [tries] were made to conduct massive trials in which as much information as possible could be included .

Attempts to rescue and re-evaluate them are apt to be less rewarding than making a fresh start .
[tries] to rescue and re-evaluate them are apt to be less rewarding than making a fresh start .

Attempts to classify mental disorders and give them names ran into many difficulties .
[tries] to classify mental disorders and give them names ran into many difficulties .

As the antihistamines were developed from early attempts to find adrenaline blockers , this was not entirely surprising .
as the antihistamines were developed from early [tries] to find adrenaline blockers , this was not entirely surprising .

In spite of the continuing scepticism and regardless of the clinical faults of the new drugs , many attempts were made to find out how and where in the brain they worked .
in spite of the continuing scepticism and regardless of the clinical faults of the new drugs , many [tries] were made to find out how and where in the brain they worked .

She sent a few dogs to Ireland and , after the war , attempts to track them down only resulted in letters being sent back marked ‘ gone away ’ .
she sent a few dogs to ireland and , after the war , [tries] to track them down only resulted in letters being sent back marked ‘ gone away ’ .

After buying me lunch in a new concrete hotel called , romantically , The Interflora , she drove me back at high Skoda speed through the centre of town — choke full out , engine howling in second gear as we skidded across wet cobblestones , clipping kerbs and narrowly avoiding the numerous potholes and dug-up sections where slow attempts were being made to repair the water mains , shattered by the minus-twenty-five February temperatures .
after buying me lunch in a new concrete hotel called , romantically , the interflora , she drove me back at high skoda speed through the centre of town — choke full out , engine howling in second gear as we skidded across wet cobblestones , clipping kerbs and narrowly avoiding the numerous potholes and dug-up sections where slow [tries] were being made to repair the water mains , shattered by the minus-twenty-five february temperatures .

So much for David Stirling 's attempts at body-snatching .
so much for david stirling 's [tries] at body-snatching .

If ruthlessly destroying a hundred years of tradition , not to mention a massive loss of capital , is ‘ pioneering ’ , than it must surely rank with the pioneering attempts of Stalin in purging Soviet libraries of all books that departed from his orthodoxy .
if ruthlessly destroying a hundred years of tradition , not to mention a massive loss of capital , is ‘ pioneering ’ , than it must surely rank with the pioneering [tries] of stalin in purging soviet libraries of all books that departed from his orthodoxy .

Mark himself has had two attempts at living independently .
mark himself has had two [tries] at living independently .

Fortunately , over the past few years there have been attempts by social services and local authorities to review the value of care for young people .
fortunately , over the past few years there have been [tries] by social services and local authorities to review the value of care for young people .

In another passage evocative of past attempts to play the race card , Mr Tebbit wrote that ‘ most people in Britain did not want to live in a multicultural , multiracial society , but it has been foisted on them ’ .
in another passage evocative of past [tries] to play the race card , mr tebbit wrote that ‘ most people in britain did not want to live in a multicultural , multiracial society , but it has been foisted on them ’ .

Although there has been some success in attempts to halt such ceremonies , or at least to make them less dangerous or humiliating , there is evidence that they are a perennial aspect of group behaviour unlikely to be eradicated .
although there has been some success in [tries] to halt such ceremonies , or at least to make them less dangerous or humiliating , there is evidence that they are a perennial aspect of group behaviour unlikely to be eradicated .

Moreover , its attempts to weed out the next Barlow Clowes are not considered impressive .
moreover , its [tries] to weed out the next barlow clowes are not considered impressive .

Return on capital attempts to measure the efficiency or otherwise with which directors use the funds entrusted to them : while employment is a rather important measure of companies ' progress which tends to be overlooked in conventional financial circles .
return on capital [tries] to measure the efficiency or otherwise with which directors use the funds entrusted to them : while employment is a rather important measure of companies ' progress which tends to be overlooked in conventional financial circles .

‘ War in Val d'Orcia ’ is her dispassionate account of attempts to keep life on a local estate balanced between bellicose German troops , jumpy partisans , exhausted refugees , escaping British prisoners and the local Fascisti , during the appalling interlude following the fall of Mussolini .
‘ war in val d'orcia ’ is her dispassionate account of [tries] to keep life on a local estate balanced between bellicose german troops , jumpy partisans , exhausted refugees , escaping british prisoners and the local fascisti , during the appalling interlude following the fall of mussolini .

Only one of the brand-new lifts is working , or so a smudged note scrawled in chalk on a blackboard attempts to tell us : ‘ Due to a defect , certain lift operations suspended .
only one of the brand-new lifts is working , or so a smudged note scrawled in chalk on a blackboard [tries] to tell us : ‘ due to a defect , certain lift operations suspended .

The Government rejected attempts by the Fisheries Commissioner in Brussels , Mr Manuel Marin , to take control of parts of national quota management .
the government rejected [tries] by the fisheries commissioner in brussels , mr manuel marin , to take control of parts of national quota management .

He asked for her help in resisting attempts to ban the sale of fresh turkeys at Christmas .
he asked for her help in resisting [tries] to ban the sale of fresh turkeys at christmas .

There are , however , clear attempts to make us giggle , like when the Swamp Thing ( Dick Durock ) conceives a passion for Heather Locklear 's leading lady but tells her that he ca n't give her the love she wants because he 's a plant .
there are , however , clear [tries] to make us giggle , like when the swamp thing ( dick durock ) conceives a passion for heather locklear 's leading lady but tells her that he ca n't give her the love she wants because he 's a plant .

Newcastle 's attempts to bolster their midfield foundered yesterday when their manager , Jim Smith , failed to reach agreement with Chelsea 's Micky Hazard .
newcastle 's [tries] to bolster their midfield foundered yesterday when their manager , jim smith , failed to reach agreement with chelsea 's micky hazard .

It has involved the police in other , hotly contested local struggles : between the Hounslow Community Relations Council , a cautious , conservative organisation , and the Southall Monitoring Group , a body which attempts to support the victims of racial attacks .
it has involved the police in other , hotly contested local struggles : between the hounslow community relations council , a cautious , conservative organisation , and the southall monitoring group , a body which [tries] to support the victims of racial attacks .

They actively seek to expand their influence and would appear to be aiming to cover most of west London … the group can be expected to continue in their attempts to undermine the police , but are unlikely to be successful except in conditions of widespread disorder , general strike , etc , when they might have a potential for destabilisation .
they actively seek to expand their influence and would appear to be aiming to cover most of west london … the group can be expected to continue in their [tries] to undermine the police , but are unlikely to be successful except in conditions of widespread disorder , general strike , etc , when they might have a potential for destabilisation .

The charges include accepting bribes from the Colombian cocaine cartel — the legal basis for attempts to freeze Gen Noriega 's bank accounts .
the charges include accepting bribes from the colombian cocaine cartel — the legal basis for [tries] to freeze gen noriega 's bank accounts .

Threats of a Lords revolt remain , with Mr Patten 's attempts to defuse the row having failed .
threats of a lords revolt remain , with mr patten 's [tries] to defuse the row having failed .

Married to Princess Olga Romanoff , a great niece of the last Czar , he claims to have survived three attempts on his life .
married to princess olga romanoff , a great niece of the last czar , he claims to have survived three [tries] on his life .

There were whoops and cheers , mock kissing attempts , challenges to put names on the masked faces and then a song .
there were whoops and cheers , mock kissing [tries] , challenges to put names on the masked faces and then a song .

It transpired that the left side of the nose splitter has been damaged , perhaps when Baldi had clipped Brundle 's Jaguar in one of his passing attempts , perhaps as a result of ‘ trapped ’ vibration from a high-speed engine misfire .
it transpired that the left side of the nose splitter has been damaged , perhaps when baldi had clipped brundle 's jaguar in one of his passing [tries] , perhaps as a result of ‘ trapped ’ vibration from a high-speed engine misfire .

The Cadillac Automobile Company was formed in 902 out of the remnants of one of Henry Ford 's early attempts at building cars , and the company 's backers turned to Leland for help .
the cadillac automobile company was formed in 902 out of the remnants of one of henry ford 's early [tries] at building cars , and the company 's backers turned to leland for help .

attempts to retain a great power stance in the world ?
[tries] to retain a great power stance in the world ?

Equally it is to be welcomed that two major attempts have been made to address the general nature of Conservative ideology .
equally it is to be welcomed that two major [tries] have been made to address the general nature of conservative ideology .

Prior to the 1753 Marriage Act , the state made few serious attempts to suppress either contract marriage , which consisted of a verbal promise , or clandestine marriage , which involved a religious ritual and witnesses but which did not conform to the dictates of canon law .
prior to the 1753 marriage act , the state made few serious [tries] to suppress either contract marriage , which consisted of a verbal promise , or clandestine marriage , which involved a religious ritual and witnesses but which did not conform to the dictates of canon law .

They saw a frustrated Stalin , foiled in his attempts to extend Russian power into northern , western , and southern Europe by the alliance of the European democracies and the United States .
they saw a frustrated stalin , foiled in his [tries] to extend russian power into northern , western , and southern europe by the alliance of the european democracies and the united states .

These attempts at unionisation failed completely .
these [tries] at unionisation failed completely .

In fact the main lessons of these attempts seems to be to those outside Spiralynx — that organising from the outside is impossible .
in fact the main lessons of these [tries] seems to be to those outside spiralynx — that organising from the outside is impossible .

Attempts are also being made to set up community-run Body Shops in inner urban areas , such as Brixton .
[tries] are also being made to set up community-run body shops in inner urban areas , such as brixton .

At this point of our journey attempts at smychka in practice between the more sophisticated and politically orthodox in and out of the party , and the Nikol'skaia peasantry , can be considered .
at this point of our journey [tries] at smychka in practice between the more sophisticated and politically orthodox in and out of the party , and the nikol'skaia peasantry , can be considered .

Following the first crude attempts by Giotto , Lorenzetti and others , Brunelleschi got it right .
following the first crude [tries] by giotto , lorenzetti and others , brunelleschi got it right .

the publisher attempts to place the artist 's songs with record companies , or with artists , to get them recorded and released on record .
the publisher [tries] to place the artist 's songs with record companies , or with artists , to get them recorded and released on record .

It is the key to the attempts of General Babangida , Nigerian head of state in 1989 , to restrict to two the number of parties allowed to fight the proposed 1991 general election — in theory in order to prevent excessive faction fighting based on ethnic groups .
it is the key to the [tries] of general babangida , nigerian head of state in 1989 , to restrict to two the number of parties allowed to fight the proposed 1991 general election — in theory in order to prevent excessive faction fighting based on ethnic groups .

Localism has thus continued to be a reality in Nigeria and Zambia and has conflicted with attempts to build a national identity and a national politics .
localism has thus continued to be a reality in nigeria and zambia and has conflicted with [tries] to build a national identity and a national politics .

However , for every successful adoption of a new crop or new variety of crop it is certain that there were many more failed attempts at innovation , for the African physical environment places many difficulties in the path of farmers .
however , for every successful adoption of a new crop or new variety of crop it is certain that there were many more failed [tries] at innovation , for the african physical environment places many difficulties in the path of farmers .

One of the most far reaching attempts within the third approach — the resettlement of large numbers of small farmers on newly defined farms — was in Zaire .
one of the most far reaching [tries] within the third approach — the resettlement of large numbers of small farmers on newly defined farms — was in zaire .

The many and varied attempts by governments both to take over foreign assets and to set up new state-owned businesses , have seldom been successful .
the many and varied [tries] by governments both to take over foreign assets and to set up new state-owned businesses , have seldom been successful .

The evidence also suggests that , in the two weeks between the Prime Minister 's return from Guadeloupe and the subsequent attempts to settle the public-service strikes , there was a remarkable absence of initiative in the Cabinet and Whitehall and an unusual mood of despondency in Number 10 Downing Street .
the evidence also suggests that , in the two weeks between the prime minister 's return from guadeloupe and the subsequent [tries] to settle the public-service strikes , there was a remarkable absence of initiative in the cabinet and whitehall and an unusual mood of despondency in number 10 downing street .

One after another , down to the end of 1988 at least , attempts to reform or redefine the old consensus on ‘ one-nation ’ lines proved ineffective .
one after another , down to the end of 1988 at least , [tries] to reform or redefine the old consensus on ‘ one-nation ’ lines proved ineffective .

The Thatcher government 's strong stance on many issues won much popular support amongst a people weary of attempts to defy the law by left-wing local authorities , strike pickets , or disaffected journalists .
the thatcher government 's strong stance on many issues won much popular support amongst a people weary of [tries] to defy the law by left-wing local authorities , strike pickets , or disaffected journalists .

Thus , in local government , attempts to curb the spending and pretensions of local authorities from Liverpool to Lambeth , especially when they could be designated ‘ loony left ’ , were widely acceptable .
thus , in local government , [tries] to curb the spending and pretensions of local authorities from liverpool to lambeth , especially when they could be designated ‘ loony left ’ , were widely acceptable .

Aspects of the government 's attempts to infuse the welfare state with the spirit of competition and the market-place also ran into difficulties in both education and health .
aspects of the government 's [tries] to infuse the welfare state with the spirit of competition and the market-place also ran into difficulties in both education and health .

The attempts to enter ‘ Europe ’ in 1961 , 1967 , and finally in 1973 were always accompanied by a sense of economic weakness and the perils of isolation .
the [tries] to enter ‘ europe ’ in 1961 , 1967 , and finally in 1973 were always accompanied by a sense of economic weakness and the perils of isolation .

The feebleness of the Wilson government 's attempts to deal with national economic growth or industrial relations in the 1960s discredited the ideals of the planner and central state still further .
the feebleness of the wilson government 's [tries] to deal with national economic growth or industrial relations in the 1960s discredited the ideals of the planner and central state still further .

Even more did this apply to economic power — witness the failure of repeated attempts to build up copartnership or anything resembling profit-sharing in industry .
even more did this apply to economic power — witness the failure of repeated [tries] to build up copartnership or anything resembling profit-sharing in industry .

Popular American poetry of the period encouraged not only ‘ the coming together of East and West ’ , but also Vachel Lindsay 's attempts ‘ to carry … vaudeville form back towards the old Greek precedent of the half-chanted lyric ’ .
popular american poetry of the period encouraged not only ‘ the coming together of east and west ’ , but also vachel lindsay 's [tries] ‘ to carry … vaudeville form back towards the old greek precedent of the half-chanted lyric ’ .

If ‘ The Hollow Men ’ presents the degeneration of ritual , then Sweeney Agonistes while remaining aware of the decline attempts a reconstruction , but that reconstruction , like The Waste Land , sees humanity as trapped in the torturing cycle of sexual fertility .
if ‘ the hollow men ’ presents the degeneration of ritual , then sweeney agonistes while remaining aware of the decline [tries] a reconstruction , but that reconstruction , like the waste land , sees humanity as trapped in the torturing cycle of sexual fertility .

But his mind naturally associates anthropology with artistic works dealing with primitive life , since these are the ultimate attempts at ‘ imaginative understanding ’ .
but his mind naturally associates anthropology with artistic works dealing with primitive life , since these are the ultimate [tries] at ‘ imaginative understanding ’ .

If ‘ The Hollow Men ’ traces the degeneration of ritual to a final babyish ‘ whimper ’ , then Sweeney Agonistes attempts to reconstruct the most basic rituals only to end in a bang .
if ‘ the hollow men ’ traces the degeneration of ritual to a final babyish ‘ whimper ’ , then sweeney agonistes [tries] to reconstruct the most basic rituals only to end in a bang .

The union of the savage and the city confirmed the hopelessness of both and of the means of life , and brought a sharp reaction in Eliot against the continuation of such attempts .
the union of the savage and the city confirmed the hopelessness of both and of the means of life , and brought a sharp reaction in eliot against the continuation of such [tries] .

These are not necessarily forces for continuity but they may act as barriers to government attempts to impose a new line of policy .
these are not necessarily forces for continuity but they may act as barriers to government [tries] to impose a new line of policy .

Party Election Broadcasts ( PEBs ) at election-time and the equivalent Party Political Broadcasts ( PPBs ) at non-election times are one method by which broadcasting attempts to achieve balance and impartiality between the parties .
party election broadcasts ( pebs ) at election-time and the equivalent party political broadcasts ( ppbs ) at non-election times are one method by which broadcasting [tries] to achieve balance and impartiality between the parties .

All of Marx 's and Engels 's work attempts to isolate dynamic processes implies in the social forms which they were studying .
all of marx 's and engels 's work [tries] to isolate dynamic processes implies in the social forms which they were studying .

Then , in Capital , Marx attempts to break through and out of the veil of economic ideology , and he does this by showing that the way the economy is usually talked about hides the real basis of society and served to maintain the exploitation on which it rests .
then , in capital , marx [tries] to break through and out of the veil of economic ideology , and he does this by showing that the way the economy is usually talked about hides the real basis of society and served to maintain the exploitation on which it rests .

Attempts will be made to tag a Proposition ( referendum ) rejecting the Plan on to next year 's congressional and state elections .
[tries] will be made to tag a proposition ( referendum ) rejecting the plan on to next year 's congressional and state elections .

He missed with two other attempts , one from longer range and a sitter from 20 metres , failing to reward the efforts of his pack , who were considerably outweighed by the Lancashire eight .
he missed with two other [tries] , one from longer range and a sitter from 20 metres , failing to reward the efforts of his pack , who were considerably outweighed by the lancashire eight .

The trains were not allowed to pass until the East German authorities were certain that they could prevent such attempts .
the trains were not allowed to pass until the east german authorities were certain that they could prevent such [tries] .

Nor can one omit , as an important contributing factor in his decline , the humiliating failure of his own attempts to write and direct a feature film , Yellowbeard , even after some drastic and , by Chapman 's own account , disastrous re-editing by the studio .
nor can one omit , as an important contributing factor in his decline , the humiliating failure of his own [tries] to write and direct a feature film , yellowbeard , even after some drastic and , by chapman 's own account , disastrous re-editing by the studio .

Nigel Lawson has now made two attempts to smooth the system out .
nigel lawson has now made two [tries] to smooth the system out .

All attempts to lift the blockade promoted by the powerful Azerbaijani Popular Front have failed .
all [tries] to lift the blockade promoted by the powerful azerbaijani popular front have failed .

Royston 's play attempts ( and fails ) to do rather more than that .
royston 's play [tries] ( and fails ) to do rather more than that .

The Football League 's attempts to bring their 14-month search for a chief executive to an early conclusion by choosing between Gordon Taylor of the Professional Footballers ' Association and Arthur Sandford , chief executive of Nottinghamshire county council , look destined to fail .
the football league 's [tries] to bring their 14-month search for a chief executive to an early conclusion by choosing between gordon taylor of the professional footballers ' association and arthur sandford , chief executive of nottinghamshire county council , look destined to fail .

If they are to be discerning consumers of political rhetoric they need not only to recognise the references but also to treat with suspicion attempts to make points through the mere mention of Suez or Munich .
if they are to be discerning consumers of political rhetoric they need not only to recognise the references but also to treat with suspicion [tries] to make points through the mere mention of suez or munich .

This urban bias creates problems in itself , yet attempts to move away from this situation are often strongly resisted due to the continued adherence to a largely urban criteria of development values .
this urban bias creates problems in itself , yet [tries] to move away from this situation are often strongly resisted due to the continued adherence to a largely urban criteria of development values .

Each author attempts to relate the ‘ tricks of the trade ’ in a highly readable , often anecdotal fashion ; most notable is Wood 's mention of growing protein crystals in a sandwich box .
each author [tries] to relate the ‘ tricks of the trade ’ in a highly readable , often anecdotal fashion ; most notable is wood 's mention of growing protein crystals in a sandwich box .

It attempts , in some measure , to meet the learning needs of people of different ages and interests .
it [tries] , in some measure , to meet the learning needs of people of different ages and interests .

It attempts to heighten local awareness of cultural heritage .
it [tries] to heighten local awareness of cultural heritage .

Mackenzie made futile attempts to negotiate a peace between the Nez Perce and the Shoshoni before his departure in 1821 , when the North West and Hudson 's Bay Companies were merged .
mackenzie made futile [tries] to negotiate a peace between the nez perce and the shoshoni before his departure in 1821 , when the north west and hudson 's bay companies were merged .

Attempts to prove that canals were safer than railways , and , ‘ a man could not live at speeds greater than 30 miles an hour ’ , were doomed to failure .
[tries] to prove that canals were safer than railways , and , ‘ a man could not live at speeds greater than 30 miles an hour ’ , were doomed to failure .

Bad weather dashed hopes of attempts to halt the flow during what was seen as a natural lull in the lava 's momentum .
bad weather dashed hopes of [tries] to halt the flow during what was seen as a natural lull in the lava 's momentum .

You will be expected to keep a drink diary throughout the course , and make attempts at reducing the amount you drink if it is greater than accepted healthy drinking levels .
you will be expected to keep a drink diary throughout the course , and make [tries] at reducing the amount you drink if it is greater than accepted healthy drinking levels .

The Directive identifies handicaps to agricultural productivity ; to a much lesser extent it attempts to quantify aspects of social and economic decline .
the directive identifies handicaps to agricultural productivity ; to a much lesser extent it [tries] to quantify aspects of social and economic decline .

Many attempts to assist the less advantaged rural areas sought to create new job opportunities by attracting industry to them .
many [tries] to assist the less advantaged rural areas sought to create new job opportunities by attracting industry to them .

Attempts to establish quantifiable and scientific criteria as the basis for identifying geographical areas requiring assistance and for developing policy stem from the centralist philosophy of government and the sectoralisation of technology and administration .
[tries] to establish quantifiable and scientific criteria as the basis for identifying geographical areas requiring assistance and for developing policy stem from the centralist philosophy of government and the sectoralisation of technology and administration .

Unfortunately , at the present time , there appears to be a marked lack of systematic attempts to create a focus on community and rural development within formal education .
unfortunately , at the present time , there appears to be a marked lack of systematic [tries] to create a focus on community and rural development within formal education .

It could be that Grätzel 's attempts to harness cheap solar energy may finally have hit the jackpot .
it could be that grätzel 's [tries] to harness cheap solar energy may finally have hit the jackpot .

The two leagues have made previous attempts to merge but proposals have been blocked by failure to win the approval from the majority of West League clubs .
the two leagues have made previous [tries] to merge but proposals have been blocked by failure to win the approval from the majority of west league clubs .

Four penalties from four attempts by the full-back gave Ireland a 12–7 lead at the interval , Kerr responding with one penalty from three attempts before Bracken got the touch as England forced their way over the Irish line .
four penalties from four [tries] by the full-back gave ireland a 12–7 lead at the interval , kerr responding with one penalty from three [tries] before bracken got the touch as england forced their way over the irish line .

There have even been attempts to pressurise Desmond Haynes , the island 's sole representative , into joining the boycott .
there have even been [tries] to pressurise desmond haynes , the island 's sole representative , into joining the boycott .

After a brief review of attempts to specify organizational characteristics and of the methodological problems they pose to the researcher , a preliminary study is reported .
after a brief review of [tries] to specify organizational characteristics and of the methodological problems they pose to the researcher , a preliminary study is reported .

More recently , there have been a number of attempts to capture and characterize the patterns that are actually emerging in departmental organizations .
more recently , there have been a number of [tries] to capture and characterize the patterns that are actually emerging in departmental organizations .

Any consideration of the knowledge and skills debate almost inevitably leads to attempts to clarify the nature of the social work task itself ( Gordon and Schutz , 1977 ; Gross et al .
any consideration of the knowledge and skills debate almost inevitably leads to [tries] to clarify the nature of the social work task itself ( gordon and schutz , 1977 ; gross et al .

Indonesia and Israel 's attempts to develop a comprehensive approach to paraprofessional training using a national training curriculum ( with appropriate areas of specialization ) offered through a number of training centres in different parts of the country are also noteworthy .
indonesia and israel 's [tries] to develop a comprehensive approach to paraprofessional training using a national training curriculum ( with appropriate areas of specialization ) offered through a number of training centres in different parts of the country are also noteworthy .

Those services had been first transformed — by ambitious attempts to prevent family breakdown in the early 1960s , and to absorb juvenile delinquents into the public care system at the end of the decade — and then merged with local authority services for elderly people and people with disabilities in 1971 .
those services had been first transformed — by ambitious [tries] to prevent family breakdown in the early 1960s , and to absorb juvenile delinquents into the public care system at the end of the decade — and then merged with local authority services for elderly people and people with disabilities in 1971 .

Politically this represents an affirmation of conservative continuity and a final departure from all attempts during the 1970s to radically reform the principles of German child welfare ( Merchel , 1990 ) .
politically this represents an affirmation of conservative continuity and a final departure from all [tries] during the 1970s to radically reform the principles of german child welfare ( merchel , 1990 ) .

The ideological importance attributed to the family as a basically self-contained unit clashes with attempts to portray access to ‘ supplementary pedagogical resources ’ as a universal right .
the ideological importance attributed to the family as a basically self-contained unit clashes with [tries] to portray access to ‘ supplementary pedagogical resources ’ as a universal right .

Attempts are also being made to refer the more difficult cases to foster families .
[tries] are also being made to refer the more difficult cases to foster families .

Following the moves to fuller integration between countries of the European community after 1992 , there will be more attempts to standardize services and establish common principles .
following the moves to fuller integration between countries of the european community after 1992 , there will be more [tries] to standardize services and establish common principles .

Attempts in a couple of cases by parents to get in touch after years of no interest were not welcomed .
[tries] in a couple of cases by parents to get in touch after years of no interest were not welcomed .

After further degeneration of the Merovings , and various attempts by ruthless Mayors to take full control of the kingdom , Pepin le Bref , the father of Charlemagne , was elected as King of the Franks in 752 .
after further degeneration of the merovings , and various [tries] by ruthless mayors to take full control of the kingdom , pepin le bref , the father of charlemagne , was elected as king of the franks in 752 .

For first attempts the board is best positioned as above , but with practice the board can be manoeuvred once the rig is out of the water .
for first [tries] the board is best positioned as above , but with practice the board can be manoeuvred once the rig is out of the water .

Although all lengths of board will carve gybe , the longer all-round funboards need a higher level of skill than the more responsive 3.30m size of board which is ideally suited to first attempts .
although all lengths of board will carve gybe , the longer all-round funboards need a higher level of skill than the more responsive 3.30m size of board which is ideally suited to first [tries] .

For your first attempts you should not venture into breaking surf but instead practise ‘ hopping ’ off wind-blown chop .
for your first [tries] you should not venture into breaking surf but instead practise ‘ hopping ’ off wind-blown chop .

Before moving on to the more advanced aspects of wave riding let us consider what should happen in the first attempts .
before moving on to the more advanced aspects of wave riding let us consider what should happen in the first [tries] .

This follows two attempts to boost coal production in France — in 1973 following the first oil shock and in 1981 when the Left took power .
this follows two [tries] to boost coal production in france — in 1973 following the first oil shock and in 1981 when the left took power .

But attempts to encourage family planning encounter obstacles not only of an economic nature but also of a religious , cultural , and possibly also political nature .
but [tries] to encourage family planning encounter obstacles not only of an economic nature but also of a religious , cultural , and possibly also political nature .

In fact , his parents discouraged Gedge , especially when they suspected it was infringing on his studies and attempts to find a job .
in fact , his parents discouraged gedge , especially when they suspected it was infringing on his studies and [tries] to find a job .

He had mooted the idea of becoming a teacher but made no serious attempts to do anything about it .
he had mooted the idea of becoming a teacher but made no serious [tries] to do anything about it .

’ Jim looked over and smiled as his daughter made rather ungainly attempts to emulate the lively young girls above her , but then as he watched he became slightly concerned , because her movements became even more ungainly and then spasmodic , and then jerky until her head was nodding , her legs shooting out in a frenzy , her arms twitching , and she fell , uttering a loud cry , which was so strong and unreal , that it stilled the noise of the bagpipes and everyone looked to see what was happening .
’ jim looked over and smiled as his daughter made rather ungainly [tries] to emulate the lively young girls above her , but then as he watched he became slightly concerned , because her movements became even more ungainly and then spasmodic , and then jerky until her head was nodding , her legs shooting out in a frenzy , her arms twitching , and she fell , uttering a loud cry , which was so strong and unreal , that it stilled the noise of the bagpipes and everyone looked to see what was happening .

The intention may be to undermine Nell 's attempts to persuade Kathie to abandon her Black boyfriend .
the intention may be to undermine nell 's [tries] to persuade kathie to abandon her black boyfriend .

The Waste Land , she argues , is a hysterical text in that it always displays that which it attempts to repress ; Eliot 's articulation of his authentic poetic voice gives way , despite himself , to a staging of his own destruction .
the waste land , she argues , is a hysterical text in that it always displays that which it [tries] to repress ; eliot 's articulation of his authentic poetic voice gives way , despite himself , to a staging of his own destruction .

The quality in the British corner included Briggs , showing the speed which is one of her greatest assets , as she attempts to regain the world bantamweight title lost two years ago .
the quality in the british corner included briggs , showing the speed which is one of her greatest assets , as she [tries] to regain the world bantamweight title lost two years ago .

Remember that it took New Zealand four attempts before they finally beat Wales in Cardiff , in 1963 ( they won in Swansea in 1924 ) .
remember that it took new zealand four [tries] before they finally beat wales in cardiff , in 1963 ( they won in swansea in 1924 ) .

The Singaporean yesterday needed 11 attempts before he won a rally , and lost 15 points before he won one .
the singaporean yesterday needed 11 [tries] before he won a rally , and lost 15 points before he won one .

Attempts to change the system — and there have been many — have always foundered on an unwillingness to abandon the gold standard of British education .
[tries] to change the system — and there have been many — have always foundered on an unwillingness to abandon the gold standard of british education .

Lou Macari 's attempts to wed a club steeped in sophistication to the long-ball game have brought him unpopularity in the dressing-room which will soon spread to the terraces if results do not improve .
lou macari 's [tries] to wed a club steeped in sophistication to the long-ball game have brought him unpopularity in the dressing-room which will soon spread to the terraces if results do not improve .

After years of frustrated attempts to regain control of the site , Hindu extremists brought the issue to an explosive head this year by threatening to tear down the crumbling mosque and build a temple devoted to Lord Rama .
after years of frustrated [tries] to regain control of the site , hindu extremists brought the issue to an explosive head this year by threatening to tear down the crumbling mosque and build a temple devoted to lord rama .

The land , part of Westhay Moor , near Wedmore , a 100-acre Site of Special Scientific Interest , has not been managed , and all attempts to reach agreement or use legal powers have so far failed .
the land , part of westhay moor , near wedmore , a 100-acre site of special scientific interest , has not been managed , and all [tries] to reach agreement or use legal powers have so far failed .

Trevor Nicholas , head of Barclay 's computer operations , says that the bank has been the victim of attempts to move funds to accounts in other parts of the world , but that as far as it knows , they have been thwarted .
trevor nicholas , head of barclay 's computer operations , says that the bank has been the victim of [tries] to move funds to accounts in other parts of the world , but that as far as it knows , they have been thwarted .

However , previous attempts to change those procedures at Lloyd 's have usually presented more problems than privatising the water authorities .
however , previous [tries] to change those procedures at lloyd 's have usually presented more problems than privatising the water authorities .

Nor can an ivory ban be compared to attempts to stop trade in alcohol or tobacco .
nor can an ivory ban be compared to [tries] to stop trade in alcohol or tobacco .

Ignoring attempts on his life , and constant threats , Wallenberg used every means possible to outwit the executioners , bribing Hungarian and German officials , threatening the Gestapo and issuing Swedish passports which , surprisingly , offered some protection in a period hardly renowned for respect for the law .
ignoring [tries] on his life , and constant threats , wallenberg used every means possible to outwit the executioners , bribing hungarian and german officials , threatening the gestapo and issuing swedish passports which , surprisingly , offered some protection in a period hardly renowned for respect for the law .

In English law the offence of indecent assault is charged for all forms of sexual assault other than rape , buggery , and attempts to commit those crimes .
in english law the offence of indecent assault is charged for all forms of sexual assault other than rape , buggery , and [tries] to commit those crimes .

There is no parallel here with punishment for attempts and other inchoate offences , because there is no proof that the defendant was aiming to do something harmful : the harmfulness of the action is supposedly constituted by the indecent motive , not by anything actually done , or about to be done , to the victim .
there is no parallel here with punishment for [tries] and other inchoate offences , because there is no proof that the defendant was aiming to do something harmful : the harmfulness of the action is supposedly constituted by the indecent motive , not by anything actually done , or about to be done , to the victim .

We hear of forced and hard labour , of beatings and groanings , of attempts to have all male children born to the slave women put to death at birth , of the screw being given yet another turn and the people being worked to near-exhaustion .
we hear of forced and hard labour , of beatings and groanings , of [tries] to have all male children born to the slave women put to death at birth , of the screw being given yet another turn and the people being worked to near-exhaustion .

Previous attempts to do this had always foundered on the fact that the fun usually resulted pretty soon in procreation but at this very time field trials of the contraceptive pill were taking place which would soon make the division practical and permanent for the first time in history .
previous [tries] to do this had always foundered on the fact that the fun usually resulted pretty soon in procreation but at this very time field trials of the contraceptive pill were taking place which would soon make the division practical and permanent for the first time in history .

The Health and Safety Executive must be commended for its attempts to cut the death toll .
the health and safety executive must be commended for its [tries] to cut the death toll .

Now it seems we are back to normal , with catchy weather frustrating attempts to get on where crops are fit , and further kicking of heels in prospect once the winter barleys have been cleared .
now it seems we are back to normal , with catchy weather frustrating [tries] to get on where crops are fit , and further kicking of heels in prospect once the winter barleys have been cleared .

One of the great hurdles to previous attempts to design a closed transfer system for chemicals was the sheer variety of different container openings .
one of the great hurdles to previous [tries] to design a closed transfer system for chemicals was the sheer variety of different container openings .

The Once-Over tillage system was one of the earliest attempts to use engine power to reduce the number of cultivations needed to make a seedbed .
the once-over tillage system was one of the earliest [tries] to use engine power to reduce the number of cultivations needed to make a seedbed .

The uniquely horrible twentieth century examples of eugenics attempts at social engineering based on breeding towards ‘ purer ’ human lines haunts any programme to ‘ improve ’ the gene-line .
the uniquely horrible twentieth century examples of eugenics [tries] at social engineering based on breeding towards ‘ purer ’ human lines haunts any programme to ‘ improve ’ the gene-line .

Nevertheless , it was obvious that the impetus which the trades unions had gained would lead to conflict with the government once attempts were made , by government and employers alike to remove the wartime regulations and return to the competitive situation of the pre-war world .
nevertheless , it was obvious that the impetus which the trades unions had gained would lead to conflict with the government once [tries] were made , by government and employers alike to remove the wartime regulations and return to the competitive situation of the pre-war world .

Faced with the intense competition of foreign trade competitors , employers resorted to attempts to reduce monetary wages , an action which was given an additional downward twist by the Baldwin government 's decisions to return to the gold standard and to reflate the pound in 1925 .
faced with the intense competition of foreign trade competitors , employers resorted to [tries] to reduce monetary wages , an action which was given an additional downward twist by the baldwin government 's decisions to return to the gold standard and to reflate the pound in 1925 .

The wartime machinery of industrial relations still survived — particularly the Whitley Councils which had been competitors , employers resorted to attempts to reduce monetary wages , an action which was given an additional downward twist by the Baldwin government 's decisions to return to the gold standard and to reflate the pound in 1925 .
the wartime machinery of industrial relations still survived — particularly the whitley councils which had been competitors , employers resorted to [tries] to reduce monetary wages , an action which was given an additional downward twist by the baldwin government 's decisions to return to the gold standard and to reflate the pound in 1925 .

This reorganization of the local Labour movement was greatly fostered by the appointment of full-time agents , the creation of provincial Labour newspapers and the attempts to create women 's sections .
this reorganization of the local labour movement was greatly fostered by the appointment of full-time agents , the creation of provincial labour newspapers and the [tries] to create women 's sections .

There have been many attempts to explain Baldwin 's 1929 election programme .
there have been many [tries] to explain baldwin 's 1929 election programme .

So effective was our penetration into Olympia that despite repeated attempts , Mosley was unable to make his speech because of the noise and the fighting between his stewards supporters and the anti-Fascists .
so effective was our penetration into olympia that despite repeated [tries] , mosley was unable to make his speech because of the noise and the fighting between his stewards supporters and the anti-fascists .

The freshness and innovation of the dance underground has shown remarkable powers of survival in the face of media attempts to drag it kicking into the mainstream .
the freshness and innovation of the dance underground has shown remarkable powers of survival in the face of media [tries] to drag it kicking into the mainstream .

Once he quits the bank that he 's robbed , only to find his attempts to escape from New York constantly foiled , things become a drag .
once he quits the bank that he 's robbed , only to find his [tries] to escape from new york constantly foiled , things become a drag .

Silent Scream attempts to do the same for Larry Winters , a Glaswegian murderer who waxed poetic behind bars before topping himself .
silent scream [tries] to do the same for larry winters , a glaswegian murderer who waxed poetic behind bars before topping himself .

But Ridley 's attempts to expose the lush cornfields of Fifties middle America as a stunted psychic wasteland are ultimately carried by his visual confidence and imagination .
but ridley 's [tries] to expose the lush cornfields of fifties middle america as a stunted psychic wasteland are ultimately carried by his visual confidence and imagination .

Recent film aliens have been parodic reflections of the everyday absurdities of post-modern culture rather than attempts to imagine something genuinely other .
recent film aliens have been parodic reflections of the everyday absurdities of post-modern culture rather than [tries] to imagine something genuinely other .

Straw : Some is already converted as farmyard manure ; and attempts have been made to break it down in other ways to make a compost base .
straw : some is already converted as farmyard manure ; and [tries] have been made to break it down in other ways to make a compost base .

Abortive attempts in our time to shuffle off the whole experience and make light of its impact have only begun comparatively recently to attract the attention of psycho-analysts .
abortive [tries] in our time to shuffle off the whole experience and make light of its impact have only begun comparatively recently to attract the attention of psycho-analysts .

The very corpses were thought to be contagious ; in some parishes attempts were made to prevent their burial in consecrated ground , and it became necessary for the parson to conduct the service under cover of darkness .
the very corpses were thought to be contagious ; in some parishes [tries] were made to prevent their burial in consecrated ground , and it became necessary for the parson to conduct the service under cover of darkness .

Christian women who are studying their traditions for new interpretations are not helped by secular attempts to dismiss such traditions altogether .
christian women who are studying their traditions for new interpretations are not helped by secular [tries] to dismiss such traditions altogether .

On these occasions Alison gave Franca some embarrassed or ‘ significant ’ looks , but did not renew attempts to have a talk about the ‘ situation ’ .
on these occasions alison gave franca some embarrassed or ‘ significant ’ looks , but did not renew [tries] to have a talk about the ‘ situation ’ .

Only one must be worthy — otherwise — if one attempts and fails , one dies like a poisoned rat , not the best death , but the worst death of all — ’
only one must be worthy — otherwise — if one [tries] and fails , one dies like a poisoned rat , not the best death , but the worst death of all — ’

’ Franca was relieved that Alison had given up her guilty peepings and hintings and attempts at relevant conversation ; only now her calmness and at-homeness were proving equally maddening .
’ franca was relieved that alison had given up her guilty peepings and hintings and [tries] at relevant conversation ; only now her calmness and at-homeness were proving equally maddening .

There has been no British work to match the attempts of pioneering European and American historians to provide an overview .
there has been no british work to match the [tries] of pioneering european and american historians to provide an overview .

Some Poor Law Guardians made attempts to enforce the new legal obligations which the 1834 Poor Law imposed on children to support their parents with money .
some poor law guardians made [tries] to enforce the new legal obligations which the 1834 poor law imposed on children to support their parents with money .

Latter attempts to increase foaming activity have led to a sacrifice in disinfectant capabilities which , while normally good , are limited to gram positive organisms .
latter [tries] to increase foaming activity have led to a sacrifice in disinfectant capabilities which , while normally good , are limited to gram positive organisms .

Despite many attempts to provide alternatives they remain however the most effective way of restoring dull finishes particularly on aluminium utensils .
despite many [tries] to provide alternatives they remain however the most effective way of restoring dull finishes particularly on aluminium utensils .

Then there is a group of more technical reasons which make statistical modelling and extrapolation more difficult , and inhibit attempts to overcome a shortage of resources for direct measurement by statistical estimation of soil losses .
then there is a group of more technical reasons which make statistical modelling and extrapolation more difficult , and inhibit [tries] to overcome a shortage of resources for direct measurement by statistical estimation of soil losses .

In the words of Gallopin and Berrera ( 1979 ) ; ‘ They ( the poor ) may be forced to destroy their own environment in attempts to delay their own destruction .
in the words of gallopin and berrera ( 1979 ) ; ‘ they ( the poor ) may be forced to destroy their own environment in [tries] to delay their own destruction .

Instead this book attempts to theorise substructures in a theory of soil erosion .
instead this book [tries] to theorise substructures in a theory of soil erosion .

The analysis which follows in the succeeding five chapters attempts to show that they are irksome ; and indeed many are immovable without other deep-seated changes in society ; and that these can not be advocated or struggled for on the grounds of soil conservation alone .
the analysis which follows in the succeeding five chapters [tries] to show that they are irksome ; and indeed many are immovable without other deep-seated changes in society ; and that these can not be advocated or struggled for on the grounds of soil conservation alone .

Most of the attempts to include social factors in the study of erosion and conservation , as the four illustrative quotations show , imply that the social problems start with ‘ them ’ , the land-users themselves .
most of the [tries] to include social factors in the study of erosion and conservation , as the four illustrative quotations show , imply that the social problems start with ‘ them ’ , the land-users themselves .

Typically there is a short anodyne introduction to the economy of the recipient nation , emphasising the need for conservation and the nation 's laudable attempts to meet it .
typically there is a short anodyne introduction to the economy of the recipient nation , emphasising the need for conservation and the nation 's laudable [tries] to meet it .

Successful attempts to get local people to participate in official conservation programmes may have increased in post-colonial times , but there are many cases of governments choosing coercion rather than participation , for example :
successful [tries] to get local people to participate in official conservation programmes may have increased in post-colonial times , but there are many cases of governments choosing coercion rather than participation , for example :

The case studies by Rapp , Berry and Temple ( 1973 ) which were referred to earlier in this chapter also illustrate all the major reasons for failure of conservation in Tanganyika and post-colonial Tanzania - technical incompetence and incompatibility with existing agricultural practice has already been mentioned — also attempts at coercion of peasants to build erosion works ( p. 1 17 , 250 ) , and a lack of participation , with an excess of petty restrictions ( p. 251 ) .
the case studies by rapp , berry and temple ( 1973 ) which were referred to earlier in this chapter also illustrate all the major reasons for failure of conservation in tanganyika and post-colonial tanzania - technical incompetence and incompatibility with existing agricultural practice has already been mentioned — also [tries] at coercion of peasants to build erosion works ( p. 1 17 , 250 ) , and a lack of participation , with an excess of petty restrictions ( p. 251 ) .

Larger landholders may have equivocal and varied responses to official attempts at conservation .
larger landholders may have equivocal and varied responses to official [tries] at conservation .

While strenuous attempts to subject hypotheses to empirical evidence must be made , the limits of ‘ proof ’ must be recognised too .
while strenuous [tries] to subject hypotheses to empirical evidence must be made , the limits of ‘ proof ’ must be recognised too .

There was , Roland saw , a huge flint embedded in the mud under the back of the wheel , preventing all attempts at manoeuvre or reversal .
there was , roland saw , a huge flint embedded in the mud under the back of the wheel , preventing all [tries] at manoeuvre or reversal .

Some early documentary photographers however , made serious attempts to provide an informed comment on some important aspect of society , which would also form a lasting account of the period .
some early documentary photographers however , made serious [tries] to provide an informed comment on some important aspect of society , which would also form a lasting account of the period .

This was one of the first serious attempts to record the real lives of ordinary working people .
this was one of the first serious [tries] to record the real lives of ordinary working people .

Attending the performance of a pastiche Jacobean tragedy , she attempts to incorporate lines from this play into the evidence she is piecing together , but then finds it utterly impossible to locate any edition which would confirm the lines she heard .
attending the performance of a pastiche jacobean tragedy , she [tries] to incorporate lines from this play into the evidence she is piecing together , but then finds it utterly impossible to locate any edition which would confirm the lines she heard .

Oedipa 's pursuit of this text — yet another diversion from the supposed main plot — thus becomes a comic expression of the reader 's own attempts to fix meaning into Pynchon 's own inconclusive narrative .
oedipa 's pursuit of this text — yet another diversion from the supposed main plot — thus becomes a comic expression of the reader 's own [tries] to fix meaning into pynchon 's own inconclusive narrative .

These novels can be read as attempts to reconstruct the fragmentary apprehension of the past .
these novels can be read as [tries] to reconstruct the fragmentary apprehension of the past .

Many of Simon 's novels dramatize the attempts to impose order and meaning on the chaos of reality and history , hence the appearance in his fiction of tumultuous events such as war and revolution .
many of simon 's novels dramatize the [tries] to impose order and meaning on the chaos of reality and history , hence the appearance in his fiction of tumultuous events such as war and revolution .

In Histoire , the narrator is engaged in the elaboration of descriptions which are suggested by a set of postcards : he attempts to evoke and organize these fragments of the past , aware that it is ultimately unknowable and that reconstructions are inevitably incomplete and distorted by the passage of time .
in histoire , the narrator is engaged in the elaboration of descriptions which are suggested by a set of postcards : he [tries] to evoke and organize these fragments of the past , aware that it is ultimately unknowable and that reconstructions are inevitably incomplete and distorted by the passage of time .

Nathalie Sarraute , however , has never deviated from her conviction that her novels must be considered as attempts to reproduce , in formal terms , the domain of the interpersonal , pre-verbal psychological reality of tropism .
nathalie sarraute , however , has never deviated from her conviction that her novels must be considered as [tries] to reproduce , in formal terms , the domain of the interpersonal , pre-verbal psychological reality of tropism .

Dans le labyrinthe ( 1959 ) was the first of Robbe-Grillet 's novels not to have a tangible focalization , unless we accept Morrissette 's interpretation that it dramatizes the attempts of a delirious narrator to construct a text from objects around him .
dans le labyrinthe ( 1959 ) was the first of robbe-grillet 's novels not to have a tangible focalization , unless we accept morrissette 's interpretation that it dramatizes the [tries] of a delirious narrator to construct a text from objects around him .

Robbe-Grillet 's insistence upon the essentially ludic dimension of all of his fiction ( and cinema ) was also a means of escaping what might be termed the prison-house of reflexivity ; it was not uncommon to find him distancing himself from Ricardou , even during the conference devoted to his work in 1975 , at which he claimed that even his supposedly ‘ theoretical ’ utterances over the years should be construed as attempts to maintain plurality and mobility .
robbe-grillet 's insistence upon the essentially ludic dimension of all of his fiction ( and cinema ) was also a means of escaping what might be termed the prison-house of reflexivity ; it was not uncommon to find him distancing himself from ricardou , even during the conference devoted to his work in 1975 , at which he claimed that even his supposedly ‘ theoretical ’ utterances over the years should be construed as [tries] to maintain plurality and mobility .

Italo Calvino 's last complete book , Mr Palomar ( 1985 ) , opens to the movement of waves and the look of a solitary observer whose gaze attempts to follow the progress of one single wave in its passage , separated and isolated from that of all the others , from open sea to shore .
italo calvino 's last complete book , mr palomar ( 1985 ) , opens to the movement of waves and the look of a solitary observer whose gaze [tries] to follow the progress of one single wave in its passage , separated and isolated from that of all the others , from open sea to shore .

The first follows the attempts by the first-person narrator to reconstruct the life and inner motivation of the Triestine man of letters , Roberto ( ‘ Bobi ’ ) Bazlen ( 1902–1965 ) , whose literary ambitions were realized solely through the promotion of other writers and never through a completed work of his own .
the first follows the [tries] by the first-person narrator to reconstruct the life and inner motivation of the triestine man of letters , roberto ( ‘ bobi ’ ) bazlen ( 1902–1965 ) , whose literary ambitions were realized solely through the promotion of other writers and never through a completed work of his own .

This volume provides an admirably full and even coverage of 13 years of these and many other projects , but it scarcely attempts the more critical profile one might have expected from Rizzoli .
this volume provides an admirably full and even coverage of 13 years of these and many other projects , but it scarcely [tries] the more critical profile one might have expected from rizzoli .

Israel , strongly disagreeing with this interpretation , thwarted all American attempts at a diplomatic settlement .
israel , strongly disagreeing with this interpretation , thwarted all american [tries] at a diplomatic settlement .

The New Zealander had kicked off two robbery attempts , catching one man in the face , before his trousers were finally slashed in a similar way to mine .
the new zealander had kicked off two robbery [tries] , catching one man in the face , before his trousers were finally slashed in a similar way to mine .

‘ You 're going to Brazil ? Well , we were in Brazil for six weeks ; four robbery attempts . How long you going for ? ’
‘ you 're going to brazil ? well , we were in brazil for six weeks ; four robbery [tries] . how long you going for ? ’

Time magazine still regarded him as a bit of an upstart , stating that his attempts at humour made him look like a third Smothers Brothers , and his laconic manner appeared to be a handy substitute for acting .
time magazine still regarded him as a bit of an upstart , stating that his [tries] at humour made him look like a third smothers brothers , and his laconic manner appeared to be a handy substitute for acting .

Several of these attempts to devise an interference theory for latent inhibition fail to explain important features of the data and must be rejected .
several of these [tries] to devise an interference theory for latent inhibition fail to explain important features of the data and must be rejected .

The notion of a learned non-correlation fails for a rather different reason — it can accommodate the facts but largely because it attempts little more than a redescription of the facts to be explained .
the notion of a learned non-correlation fails for a rather different reason — it can accommodate the facts but largely because it [tries] little more than a redescription of the facts to be explained .

Attempts to demonstrate acquired distinctiveness have , therefore , usually made use of a two-stage procedure in which the effects of an initial stage of discrimination training are assessed in some form of transfer test , often one that requires the learning of a further discrimination .
[tries] to demonstrate acquired distinctiveness have , therefore , usually made use of a two-stage procedure in which the effects of an initial stage of discrimination training are assessed in some form of transfer test , often one that requires the learning of a further discrimination .

And attempts to demonstrate empirically the operation of an acquired equivalence mechanism distinct from that responsible for acquired distinctiveness have proved unsuccessful .
and [tries] to demonstrate empirically the operation of an acquired equivalence mechanism distinct from that responsible for acquired distinctiveness have proved unsuccessful .

The unrest was taken sufficiently seriously to prompt vigorous attempts by senior members of the government to dampen this constant speculation about the leadership : for example , Sir Geoffrey Howe , among others , publicly denied that there had been any Cabinet-level discussion about the Prime Minister standing down .
the unrest was taken sufficiently seriously to prompt vigorous [tries] by senior members of the government to dampen this constant speculation about the leadership : for example , sir geoffrey howe , among others , publicly denied that there had been any cabinet-level discussion about the prime minister standing down .

The truth is that it is an exceedingly complex concept ; and nothing but confusion can arise from attempts to reduce it to curt labels and pat slogans .
the truth is that it is an exceedingly complex concept ; and nothing but confusion can arise from [tries] to reduce it to curt labels and pat slogans .

Coincidentally with the struggles to define , encourage and teach citizenship at the national level , attempts are being made in both official and academic forums to clarify and define a European citizenship in a Community sense .
coincidentally with the struggles to define , encourage and teach citizenship at the national level , [tries] are being made in both official and academic forums to clarify and define a european citizenship in a community sense .

However , they did 5 % less well than in 1988 , and their attempts to castigate high spending Labour metropolitan authorities seemed to backfire .
however , they did 5 % less well than in 1988 , and their [tries] to castigate high spending labour metropolitan authorities seemed to backfire .

Iran 's Islamic system , despite a bloody history , restrictions imposed on its citizens and its aggressive attempts to export its brand of Shi'ite fundamentalism , allows a remarkable degree of political liberty .
iran 's islamic system , despite a bloody history , restrictions imposed on its citizens and its aggressive [tries] to export its brand of shi'ite fundamentalism , allows a remarkable degree of political liberty .

If this brilliant colt attempts the Triple Crown , in Louisville , Maryland , and New York , it would be impossible for him to take in Epsom .
if this brilliant colt [tries] the triple crown , in louisville , maryland , and new york , it would be impossible for him to take in epsom .

Lack of early-season form undermined their attempts to reach the last eight of the Benson & Hedges Cup , and in the Refuge League they were inconsistent .
lack of early-season form undermined their [tries] to reach the last eight of the benson & hedges cup , and in the refuge league they were inconsistent .

County , penned in their own half for long periods , were unable to manage more than two genuine scoring attempts in the whole match .
county , penned in their own half for long periods , were unable to manage more than two genuine scoring [tries] in the whole match .

It was his fifth penalty miss from 13 attempts since joining Rovers from Real Sociadad in the summer .
it was his fifth penalty miss from 13 [tries] since joining rovers from real sociadad in the summer .

In replying to the accusations , Mr Toshack pointed out that Bilbao 's attempts to culture a romantic image as the sole defenders of Basque traditions were at odds with £3.75 million invested in signings and more managers in 12 months than Real Sociedad have had in the last eight years .
in replying to the accusations , mr toshack pointed out that bilbao 's [tries] to culture a romantic image as the sole defenders of basque traditions were at odds with £3.75 million invested in signings and more managers in 12 months than real sociedad have had in the last eight years .

There have been some attempts to do this .
there have been some [tries] to do this .

‘ The employers will continue attempts to reach a justifiable solution through negotiations ’ .
‘ the employers will continue [tries] to reach a justifiable solution through negotiations ’ .

Mr David Andrews , the new Irish Foreign Minister , received a humiliating rebuff , led by the Germans , in his attempts to reopen negotiations to change the protocol .
mr david andrews , the new irish foreign minister , received a humiliating rebuff , led by the germans , in his [tries] to reopen negotiations to change the protocol .

Sadly , in the second half , the play begins to fall apart at the seams as Harwood attempts to combine comedy with more serious themes .
sadly , in the second half , the play begins to fall apart at the seams as harwood [tries] to combine comedy with more serious themes .

To the enthusiast , the loss of no less than fourteen locomotive designs was countered by the application of highly distinctive sector liveries , all the more interesting because of the number of attempts made before the final choices were made .
to the enthusiast , the loss of no less than fourteen locomotive designs was countered by the application of highly distinctive sector liveries , all the more interesting because of the number of [tries] made before the final choices were made .

Of his attempts to realize this experience over again in his post-Siberian fiction , the bald Epilogue to Crime and Punishment is an early and unpromising instance .
of his [tries] to realize this experience over again in his post-siberian fiction , the bald epilogue to crime and punishment is an early and unpromising instance .

It attempts to identify key primary care questions to be resolved in Britain in the 1990s .
it [tries] to identify key primary care questions to be resolved in britain in the 1990s .

On reaching the peg which had stopped my fall , he made a few trial attempts with the skyhook , just to find out how it worked .
on reaching the peg which had stopped my fall , he made a few trial [tries] with the skyhook , just to find out how it worked .

We scaled the 3000'ers many times individually but never completed the walk which incorporated them all , although two unsuccessful attempts were made .
we scaled the 3000'ers many times individually but never completed the walk which incorporated them all , although two unsuccessful [tries] were made .

And one tends to conclude that all attempts to be poetic in some manner or other defeat their own end ; whereas an intentness on the quality of the emotion to be conveyed makes for poetry .
and one tends to conclude that all [tries] to be poetic in some manner or other defeat their own end ; whereas an intentness on the quality of the emotion to be conveyed makes for poetry .

Earlier attempts had been made to bridge St George 's Channel but had failed , largely because of the treacherous currents and deeper water .
earlier [tries] had been made to bridge st george 's channel but had failed , largely because of the treacherous currents and deeper water .

Belsey attempts to unite the poststructuralist and the Marxist parts of her mind by invoking Lacan , Althusser , and Macherey , but signs of strain or outright contradiction are not hard to find .
belsey [tries] to unite the poststructuralist and the marxist parts of her mind by invoking lacan , althusser , and macherey , but signs of strain or outright contradiction are not hard to find .

One lamentable practice which Crews rightly scorns is the increasingly revived trick or medieval rhetoric in which one attempts to substantiate one 's theoretical argument not by anything so vulgarly empirical as a fact or a text but merely by invoking a name from the sacred pantheon .
one lamentable practice which crews rightly scorns is the increasingly revived trick or medieval rhetoric in which one [tries] to substantiate one 's theoretical argument not by anything so vulgarly empirical as a fact or a text but merely by invoking a name from the sacred pantheon .

Nevertheless , this apparent similarity of method has been used as the basis for attempts , tentative and unlikely as they are , to find a rapprochement between Marxism and deconstruction .
nevertheless , this apparent similarity of method has been used as the basis for [tries] , tentative and unlikely as they are , to find a rapprochement between marxism and deconstruction .

The Marxist critic reading a text for the ideological traces that it attempts to conceal — ‘ Hegelian grammar ’ is inescapable in such contexts — by its evasive gaps and silences , has an obvious resemblance to the Freudian analyst examining the manifest content of a patient 's dream for the repressed realities that are concealed within it .
the marxist critic reading a text for the ideological traces that it [tries] to conceal — ‘ hegelian grammar ’ is inescapable in such contexts — by its evasive gaps and silences , has an obvious resemblance to the freudian analyst examining the manifest content of a patient 's dream for the repressed realities that are concealed within it .

His name has been moderately conjured with by British academics , but there have been few attempts to systematize his work for the classroom , as has happened in the United States .
his name has been moderately conjured with by british academics , but there have been few [tries] to systematize his work for the classroom , as has happened in the united states .

Attempts are still made to introduce an element of evaluative criticism into academic teaching , whether from a surviving Leavisism , or under Marxist or feminist auspices .
[tries] are still made to introduce an element of evaluative criticism into academic teaching , whether from a surviving leavisism , or under marxist or feminist auspices .

His attempts to link reductions in working hours to more flexible work practices , for example , have run into powerful union resistance .
his [tries] to link reductions in working hours to more flexible work practices , for example , have run into powerful union resistance .

There have even been attempts to stage biographies , one of the first being Loring 's Billy the Kid ( see page 30 ) .
there have even been [tries] to stage biographies , one of the first being loring 's billy the kid ( see page 30 ) .

The brilliant bravura variation when Kitri springs lightly forwards sur les pointes whilst fanning herself and Basil attempts to make his zapateado ( heel-tapping ) appear authentic by the slightly crouching pose of his body , add even greater panache to their efforts .
the brilliant bravura variation when kitri springs lightly forwards sur les pointes whilst fanning herself and basil [tries] to make his zapateado ( heel-tapping ) appear authentic by the slightly crouching pose of his body , add even greater panache to their efforts .

Despite Puck 's wild leaps , crazy antics and turns , the clumsy attempts by the Mechanicals to ‘ cut capers ’ and Bottom 's efforts sur les pointes , it is Oberon and Titania 's dancing that commands the stage as well as those trapped in the ‘ magicked ’ Athenian wood .
despite puck 's wild leaps , crazy antics and turns , the clumsy [tries] by the mechanicals to ‘ cut capers ’ and bottom 's efforts sur les pointes , it is oberon and titania 's dancing that commands the stage as well as those trapped in the ‘ magicked ’ athenian wood .

This double characterisation was made more hilarious at the first performances when the bossy one was danced by Helpmann , and later the taller MacMillan , with wonderfully extended développés , and the shyer one by Ashton with dainty attempts to be correct at all costs .
this double characterisation was made more hilarious at the first performances when the bossy one was danced by helpmann , and later the taller macmillan , with wonderfully extended développés , and the shyer one by ashton with dainty [tries] to be correct at all costs .

David Bintley 's The Swan of Tuonela was one of the first attempts to create a ballet from the Finnish epic with music by Sibelius , a truly national composer from Finland .
david bintley 's the swan of tuonela was one of the first [tries] to create a ballet from the finnish epic with music by sibelius , a truly national composer from finland .

However , the conference overwhelmingly rejected attempts from the left to commit the party to a major extension of public ownership , and to take control of at least one leading company in each of the main manufacturing sectors .
however , the conference overwhelmingly rejected [tries] from the left to commit the party to a major extension of public ownership , and to take control of at least one leading company in each of the main manufacturing sectors .

Terry Griffiths beat Clive Thorburn 9-5 , the first time he had beaten the Canadian in nine attempts .
terry griffiths beat clive thorburn 9-5 , the first time he had beaten the canadian in nine [tries] .

Spanish attempts to get themselves seeded ahead of England came to nothing .
spanish [tries] to get themselves seeded ahead of england came to nothing .

Terry Griffiths beat Clive Thorburn 9-5 , the first time he had beaten the Canadian in nine attempts .
terry griffiths beat clive thorburn 9-5 , the first time he had beaten the canadian in nine [tries] .

Spanish attempts to get themselves seeded ahead of England came to nothing .
spanish [tries] to get themselves seeded ahead of england came to nothing .

During the Thirties new attempts were made to re-launch rugby in the Soviet Union .
during the thirties new [tries] were made to re-launch rugby in the soviet union .

He has already survived two attempts on his life .
he has already survived two [tries] on his life .

The Soviet Union was doing everything possible to ‘ prevent interference from outside and to neutralise attempts at such interference ’ in socialist countries undergoing dramatic political change in Eastern Europe , notably East Germany .
the soviet union was doing everything possible to ‘ prevent interference from outside and to neutralise [tries] at such interference ’ in socialist countries undergoing dramatic political change in eastern europe , notably east germany .

Attempts to control power station emissions in Europe were blocked for five years .
[tries] to control power station emissions in europe were blocked for five years .

They include asking whether various capital losses could be written off against property companies owned by BAe ; whether the Government was aware of BAe 's attempts to use leasing companies to defray indirectly further tax bills ; and what was the total trading tax loss written off .
they include asking whether various capital losses could be written off against property companies owned by bae ; whether the government was aware of bae 's [tries] to use leasing companies to defray indirectly further tax bills ; and what was the total trading tax loss written off .

Aid workers , the only independent sources of information who have direct access to the camp inmates , say that fears about deportation are creating a tense atmosphere and that the Vietnamese are making preparations to avoid and resist attempts to send them home .
aid workers , the only independent sources of information who have direct access to the camp inmates , say that fears about deportation are creating a tense atmosphere and that the vietnamese are making preparations to avoid and resist [tries] to send them home .

Hong Kong authorities believe that most boat people will acquiesce rather than violently resist attempts to send them back to Vietnam , but this apparent passivity can be deceptive .
hong kong authorities believe that most boat people will acquiesce rather than violently resist [tries] to send them back to vietnam , but this apparent passivity can be deceptive .

But attempts at social engineering usually lead to downfall .
but [tries] at social engineering usually lead to downfall .

Pharmacy chain Macarthy has dropped attempts to have a sales promotion scheme by drugs retailer UniChem declared illegal .
pharmacy chain macarthy has dropped [tries] to have a sales promotion scheme by drugs retailer unichem declared illegal .

Sophisticated ‘ fuzzy matching ’ technology is being used to spot attempts to disguise similar names and addresses .
sophisticated ‘ fuzzy matching ’ technology is being used to spot [tries] to disguise similar names and addresses .

As citizens continue to storm offices of the secret police , stern warnings have come from the government and the army that the line would be drawn at any attempts to enter barracks .
as citizens continue to storm offices of the secret police , stern warnings have come from the government and the army that the line would be drawn at any [tries] to enter barracks .

‘ Over the past few months , state security organs and border guards exposed and suppressed several attempts by special agencies of Afghan armed opposition forces to recruit Soviet citizens , ’ he said .
‘ over the past few months , state security organs and border guards exposed and suppressed several [tries] by special agencies of afghan armed opposition forces to recruit soviet citizens , ’ he said .

If she decides to forgive and forget , as she did after previous takeover attempts , she might not be able to rein in the military .
if she decides to forgive and forget , as she did after previous takeover [tries] , she might not be able to rein in the military .

According to West European diplomats in Managua , President Daniel Ortega is running out of time in his attempts to present himself to the Nicaraguan electorate on February 25 as the ‘ peace maker ’ who ended the contra war .
according to west european diplomats in managua , president daniel ortega is running out of time in his [tries] to present himself to the nicaraguan electorate on february 25 as the ‘ peace maker ’ who ended the contra war .

What the Government really could have done without were attempts by some of its backbenchers to actually extract some moral credit from this episode .
what the government really could have done without were [tries] by some of its backbenchers to actually extract some moral credit from this episode .

The new guarantee , good for the first year after purchase , would entitle consumers to free repairs , a replacement on loan or compensation if the product is not repaired within five days ( three for motor vehicles ) , the choice of a refund or replacement if the fault can not be put right in three attempts , or if the product is under repair for 30 days in any 12-month period .
the new guarantee , good for the first year after purchase , would entitle consumers to free repairs , a replacement on loan or compensation if the product is not repaired within five days ( three for motor vehicles ) , the choice of a refund or replacement if the fault can not be put right in three [tries] , or if the product is under repair for 30 days in any 12-month period .

The issues of weapons shipments , attempts to achieve a ceasefire in El Salvador , and the stalled demobilisation of the contras were expected to dominate the two-day summit , which Mr Arias described at the weekend as critical to the future of the peace process .
the issues of weapons shipments , [tries] to achieve a ceasefire in el salvador , and the stalled demobilisation of the contras were expected to dominate the two-day summit , which mr arias described at the weekend as critical to the future of the peace process .

The maximum penalty for mutiny in the Philippines is a life sentence , but in five previous coup attempts the most severe punishment for leaders was 12 years ' hard labour .
the maximum penalty for mutiny in the philippines is a life sentence , but in five previous coup [tries] the most severe punishment for leaders was 12 years ' hard labour .

The issues of weapons shipments , attempts to achieve a ceasefire in El Salvador , and the stalled demobilisation of the contras were expected to dominate the two-day summit , which Mr Arias described at the weekend as critical to the future of the peace process .
the issues of weapons shipments , [tries] to achieve a ceasefire in el salvador , and the stalled demobilisation of the contras were expected to dominate the two-day summit , which mr arias described at the weekend as critical to the future of the peace process .

‘ Over the past few months , state security organs and border guards exposed and suppressed several attempts by special agencies of Afghan armed opposition forces to recruit Soviet citizens , ’ he said .
‘ over the past few months , state security organs and border guards exposed and suppressed several [tries] by special agencies of afghan armed opposition forces to recruit soviet citizens , ’ he said .

Mr Bond 's attempts to use the cash in Bell Resources — acquired from the toppled Australian raider , Robert Holmes a Court , last year — have been hampered from the start by Mr Spalvins .
mr bond 's [tries] to use the cash in bell resources — acquired from the toppled australian raider , robert holmes a court , last year — have been hampered from the start by mr spalvins .

Pharmacy chain Macarthy has dropped attempts to have a sales promotion scheme by drugs retailer UniChem declared illegal .
pharmacy chain macarthy has dropped [tries] to have a sales promotion scheme by drugs retailer unichem declared illegal .

From Woolworths , we will hear that the Dixons management have brought their troubles on themselves , that their attempts to cope with the downturn have been lamentable and that only a new team — with a more analytical approach than the pile-it-high philosophy which did Dixons so proud when times were good — can engineer the necessary closure of small high street outlets in favour of a move to larger ones on the edge of town .
from woolworths , we will hear that the dixons management have brought their troubles on themselves , that their [tries] to cope with the downturn have been lamentable and that only a new team — with a more analytical approach than the pile-it-high philosophy which did dixons so proud when times were good — can engineer the necessary closure of small high street outlets in favour of a move to larger ones on the edge of town .

Attempts by Temple to have the plan and purchases of SeaCo shares by the group 's subsidiaries ruled illegal have so far failed in the Bermudan courts .
[tries] by temple to have the plan and purchases of seaco shares by the group 's subsidiaries ruled illegal have so far failed in the bermudan courts .

Sophisticated ‘ fuzzy matching ’ technolog is being used to spot attempts to disguise similar names and addresses .
sophisticated ‘ fuzzy matching ’ technolog is being used to spot [tries] to disguise similar names and addresses .

There have been recent attempts to obtain planning permission for the mill 's conversion into a dwelling and this may be its best chance of survival .
there have been recent [tries] to obtain planning permission for the mill 's conversion into a dwelling and this may be its best chance of survival .

In some situations the legal obligation to follow the requirements of the National Curriculum and provide a broad and balanced programme of study is an unbreachable defence against the attempts of pressure groups to influence the curriculum within the school .
in some situations the legal obligation to follow the requirements of the national curriculum and provide a broad and balanced programme of study is an unbreachable defence against the [tries] of pressure groups to influence the curriculum within the school .

This is an attitude which will block attempts to bring about anything other than token or superficial change .
this is an attitude which will block [tries] to bring about anything other than token or superficial change .

If , despite all efforts of encouragement , there is a member of staff who is consistently negative and undermines all attempts to make the school a better place engage in firm action .
if , despite all efforts of encouragement , there is a member of staff who is consistently negative and undermines all [tries] to make the school a better place engage in firm action .

Where the school is in the wrong then full and generous apologies and expressions of concern are far more effective in maintaining good relationships than attempts to justify unjustifiable action .
where the school is in the wrong then full and generous apologies and expressions of concern are far more effective in maintaining good relationships than [tries] to justify unjustifiable action .

Desperate attempts to find wriggle room to justify or excuse bad decisions are a waste of time and creative energy .
desperate [tries] to find wriggle room to justify or excuse bad decisions are a waste of time and creative energy .

There had been a war of attrition between the two since Darrel had composed a satire , ridiculing Sir John 's mock-Italian attempts at his beloved Longleat , the then home of the Thynnes .
there had been a war of attrition between the two since darrel had composed a satire , ridiculing sir john 's mock-italian [tries] at his beloved longleat , the then home of the thynnes .

Mrs Dyer was lodged in Reading Gaol , where she made two abortive attempts at suicide , the first with a pair of scissors with which she tried to stab herself ; thwarted , she then tried to strangle herself with her boot laces , with no greater success .
mrs dyer was lodged in reading gaol , where she made two abortive [tries] at suicide , the first with a pair of scissors with which she tried to stab herself ; thwarted , she then tried to strangle herself with her boot laces , with no greater success .

The nose had been smashed , the throat was terribly bruised , and there had been attempts to both burn and boil the remains .
the nose had been smashed , the throat was terribly bruised , and there had been [tries] to both burn and boil the remains .

The editors proudly proclaim their effort as the birth of applied myrmecology , a subject that deals with the voluminous literature on pestiferous ants and attempts to bring together authorities on problem species in a modern forum .
the editors proudly proclaim their effort as the birth of applied myrmecology , a subject that deals with the voluminous literature on pestiferous ants and [tries] to bring together authorities on problem species in a modern forum .

There have been few attempts to portray mental handicap in the theatre , and despite its progressive nature , the theatre has been slow to respond to the challenge on offer .
there have been few [tries] to portray mental handicap in the theatre , and despite its progressive nature , the theatre has been slow to respond to the challenge on offer .

The overall conclusion is that while there is no shortage of regular comment and coverage of mental handicap in the mass media , there have been few attempts over recent years to explore the subject in any depth , and those that have , have focussed on the sensational and the controversial .
the overall conclusion is that while there is no shortage of regular comment and coverage of mental handicap in the mass media , there have been few [tries] over recent years to explore the subject in any depth , and those that have , have focussed on the sensational and the controversial .

If there could be more attempts like this to show mentally handicapped lives in their normality , rather than in a sensational way , the media could play a major role in helping the public to understand more about the lives that handicapped people lead ; that they are not all anguish and broken dreams , but often constructive , fulfilling and as life enhancing as anyone else 's .
if there could be more [tries] like this to show mentally handicapped lives in their normality , rather than in a sensational way , the media could play a major role in helping the public to understand more about the lives that handicapped people lead ; that they are not all anguish and broken dreams , but often constructive , fulfilling and as life enhancing as anyone else 's .

So far as the enforcement of school attendance is concerned , increasing attempts are being made to control poor attendance from the fringe of the legal system and outside it .
so far as the enforcement of school attendance is concerned , increasing [tries] are being made to control poor attendance from the fringe of the legal system and outside it .

Its task is the Defence of the Realm as a whole , from external and internal dangers arising from attempts of espionage and sabotage , or from actions of persons and organisations whether directed from within or without the country , which may be judged to be subversive of the State .
its task is the defence of the realm as a whole , from external and internal dangers arising from [tries] of espionage and sabotage , or from actions of persons and organisations whether directed from within or without the country , which may be judged to be subversive of the state .

During 1964–65 , Hayes received a number of reports that attempts would be made to free Blake .
during 1964–65 , hayes received a number of reports that [tries] would be made to free blake .

When one attempts to judge the solidity of a poet 's reputation on the basis of occasional references in published sources , it is well to note that not all references are of equal value .
when one [tries] to judge the solidity of a poet 's reputation on the basis of occasional references in published sources , it is well to note that not all references are of equal value .

Mary Leapor attempts to see beyond artificial appearance to what she believes is a more authentic femininity .
mary leapor [tries] to see beyond artificial appearance to what she believes is a more authentic femininity .

Spence sees in Duck an instance of natural genius , and attempts to capture this quality in its unimproved state :
spence sees in duck an instance of natural genius , and [tries] to capture this quality in its unimproved state :

Sculks to his Hawthorn , nor attempts to fly :
sculks to his hawthorn , nor [tries] to fly :

In the last section of the poem , Leapor attempts again to describe the landscape .
in the last section of the poem , leapor [tries] again to describe the landscape .

Among the professional politicians there could be little opposition , partly because the key men had been arrested but largely because all attempts to rouse the people made by those still at liberty failed dismally .
among the professional politicians there could be little opposition , partly because the key men had been arrested but largely because all [tries] to rouse the people made by those still at liberty failed dismally .

Contemporaries did note approvingly that attempts were made to keep it clean and well aired , which , it seems , had not always been the case in the days of Louis-Philippe .
contemporaries did note approvingly that [tries] were made to keep it clean and well aired , which , it seems , had not always been the case in the days of louis-philippe .

Before Haussmann attempts had been made by various small companies to provide street lighting by gas , but once again it required the drive and determination of the new regime to bring all these together and to create one large company charged with the responsibility of lighting the whole of the city .
before haussmann [tries] had been made by various small companies to provide street lighting by gas , but once again it required the drive and determination of the new regime to bring all these together and to create one large company charged with the responsibility of lighting the whole of the city .

The result was a period of internal instability which did nothing to facilitate the attempts which were being made to strengthen France 's external position by a policy of military reform and rearmament .
the result was a period of internal instability which did nothing to facilitate the [tries] which were being made to strengthen france 's external position by a policy of military reform and rearmament .

Take an active part in group discussion , displaying sensitivity , listening critically , eg to attempts to persuade , and being self-critical .
take an active part in group discussion , displaying sensitivity , listening critically , eg to [tries] to persuade , and being self-critical .

It is normal for their early attempts to consist of strings of letters , with words represented by the initial letter or by clusters of consonants .
it is normal for their early [tries] to consist of strings of letters , with words represented by the initial letter or by clusters of consonants .

17.19 Much writing in English will be attempts by pupils to record their thoughts on topics of personal or public importance .
17.19 much writing in english will be [tries] by pupils to record their thoughts on topics of personal or public importance .

Recognise that spelling has patterns , and begin to apply their knowledge of those patterns in their attempts to spell a wider range of words .
recognise that spelling has patterns , and begin to apply their knowledge of those patterns in their [tries] to spell a wider range of words .

In general , education has reinforced society 's values , but there have been some experimental attempts at providing education to radicalise values .
in general , education has reinforced society 's values , but there have been some experimental [tries] at providing education to radicalise values .

Dissent has occurred at times among university students in attempts to radicalise dominant ideas .
dissent has occurred at times among university students in [tries] to radicalise dominant ideas .

Compadrazgo is a compromise which attempts to combine the best of friendship with the advantages of kinship ( Foster 1967 ) .
compadrazgo is a compromise which [tries] to combine the best of friendship with the advantages of kinship ( foster 1967 ) .

If there are problems of malnutrition and hunger , these can be tackled at source by attempts to produce more food .
if there are problems of malnutrition and hunger , these can be tackled at source by [tries] to produce more food .

In Guatemala , the Indian population has opposed attempts to seize their land by wealthy landowners and the army .
in guatemala , the indian population has opposed [tries] to seize their land by wealthy landowners and the army .

Their policies culminated in attempts to turn the young towns into vast cooperative centres , by bringing industry to the settlements .
their policies culminated in [tries] to turn the young towns into vast cooperative centres , by bringing industry to the settlements .

Because of the varied nature of this sector and because of criticism of the term informal sector , itself , other attempts to clarity and analyse this area have been made .
because of the varied nature of this sector and because of criticism of the term informal sector , itself , other [tries] to clarity and analyse this area have been made .

The labour force realises its relatively privileged position and , therefore , does not embark on serious attempts at collective bargaining .
the labour force realises its relatively privileged position and , therefore , does not embark on serious [tries] at collective bargaining .

As a possible agent of change , the bourgeoisie was discarded by dependency theorists , but in the wave of post-dependency criticism , there have been attempts to resuscitate this role for them .
as a possible agent of change , the bourgeoisie was discarded by dependency theorists , but in the wave of post-dependency criticism , there have been [tries] to resuscitate this role for them .

Spalding calls the period from 1930 to the present day the cooptive period because of the attempts made by the elite to integrate labour into the established political and social framework .
spalding calls the period from 1930 to the present day the cooptive period because of the [tries] made by the elite to integrate labour into the established political and social framework .

The informal petty bourgeoisie is a term that is rarely found in attempts to outline class structure in Latin America , but Portes ' usage refers to small-scale entrepreneurs , who have similar characteristics in the class analysis to the dominant class , but who operate at a very different level and have a somewhat precarious existence .
the informal petty bourgeoisie is a term that is rarely found in [tries] to outline class structure in latin america , but portes ' usage refers to small-scale entrepreneurs , who have similar characteristics in the class analysis to the dominant class , but who operate at a very different level and have a somewhat precarious existence .

For a few weeks the controversy featured in the national and even international press , up-market newspapers carrying spicy stories about the leading protagonists and confused attempts to explain the difference between structuralism and poststructuralism to the man on the Clapham omnibus .
for a few weeks the controversy featured in the national and even international press , up-market newspapers carrying spicy stories about the leading protagonists and confused [tries] to explain the difference between structuralism and poststructuralism to the man on the clapham omnibus .

The importance of authorities for the generation and maintenance of conventions has led on occasion to ill-conceived attempts to explain the nature of authority exclusively by reference to conventions .
the importance of authorities for the generation and maintenance of conventions has led on occasion to ill-conceived [tries] to explain the nature of authority exclusively by reference to conventions .

Through consenting a person attempts to fashion the shape of his moral world .
through consenting a person [tries] to fashion the shape of his moral world .

This reconstruction of Rawls ' argument for the doctrine of neutral political concern attempts to found it on the notion of autonomy through the notion of moral self-determination .
this reconstruction of rawls ' argument for the doctrine of neutral political concern [tries] to found it on the notion of autonomy through the notion of moral self-determination .

Attempts were made to push out the burning fuel with scaffolding poles .
[tries] were made to push out the burning fuel with scaffolding poles .

Such dramatic attempts at direct action were not the only ways in which people had begun to protest at the development of nuclear power .
such dramatic [tries] at direct action were not the only ways in which people had begun to protest at the development of nuclear power .

Attempts are still being made through the courts to establish the company 's liability for several other cases where the children of workers are still suffering from cancers of various types .
[tries] are still being made through the courts to establish the company 's liability for several other cases where the children of workers are still suffering from cancers of various types .

By precisely how much we shall see when we come to look at the attempts to sell them to private investors .
by precisely how much we shall see when we come to look at the [tries] to sell them to private investors .

People resisted these attempts .
people resisted these [tries] .

Over a century later , in Britain 's American colonies , what began as a defence of traditional rights against the attempts by the British Crown to impose new taxation , became an affirmation of universal and secular liberty — the rights of man .
over a century later , in britain 's american colonies , what began as a defence of traditional rights against the [tries] by the british crown to impose new taxation , became an affirmation of universal and secular liberty — the rights of man .

There , a group of Bolsheviks , including Bukharin , Piatakov and Anovna Bosch , made several attempts to change the traditional position of the party which guaranteed the right of national self-determination to the subordinate peoples of the Russian empire .
there , a group of bolsheviks , including bukharin , piatakov and anovna bosch , made several [tries] to change the traditional position of the party which guaranteed the right of national self-determination to the subordinate peoples of the russian empire .

For the archaic empires , this entailed attempts to create modern States in the supposed image of those of Western Europe — a task that was made more difficult by the accelerating technical advance of the West Europeans .
for the archaic empires , this entailed [tries] to create modern states in the supposed image of those of western europe — a task that was made more difficult by the accelerating technical advance of the west europeans .

The attempts to rationalize the administration , to centralize power , collided directly with local liberties and the particularist and traditional privileges of the old supporters of the regime ( for example , the Tatar nobility ) .
the [tries] to rationalize the administration , to centralize power , collided directly with local liberties and the particularist and traditional privileges of the old supporters of the regime ( for example , the tatar nobility ) .

Various attempts were made to find a solution , in 1487 , 1488 , 1490 and 1491 .
various [tries] were made to find a solution , in 1487 , 1488 , 1490 and 1491 .

During the day he can often be seen looking like an overgrown pit pony in a thin , rather dirty New Zealand rug which has so far survived all his attempts at removal .
during the day he can often be seen looking like an overgrown pit pony in a thin , rather dirty new zealand rug which has so far survived all his [tries] at removal .

There are sporadic attempts to rehabilitate surfers and integrate them into society , but it never sticks : they belong on the margins , in another dimension where things are unreal , where outrageous and insane are terms of approbation , and all non-surfing humans are ridiculed as hodads .
there are sporadic [tries] to rehabilitate surfers and integrate them into society , but it never sticks : they belong on the margins , in another dimension where things are unreal , where outrageous and insane are terms of approbation , and all non-surfing humans are ridiculed as hodads .

The two major attempts at reform in the ten years before Mrs Thatcher , the reform of the House of Lords in 1969 and Scottish and Welsh devolution in 1978 , were both conspicuous failures .
the two major [tries] at reform in the ten years before mrs thatcher , the reform of the house of lords in 1969 and scottish and welsh devolution in 1978 , were both conspicuous failures .

Its task is the Defence of the Realm as a whole , from external and internal dangers arising from attempts at espionage and sabotage , or from actions of persons and organizations whether directed from within or without the country , which may be judged to be subversive of the State .
its task is the defence of the realm as a whole , from external and internal dangers arising from [tries] at espionage and sabotage , or from actions of persons and organizations whether directed from within or without the country , which may be judged to be subversive of the state .

Yet although attempts were made to assure the British public that telephone-tapping was conducted in the most exceptional and in the most highly controlled circumstances , it was suspected by some that the practice was very different .
yet although [tries] were made to assure the british public that telephone-tapping was conducted in the most exceptional and in the most highly controlled circumstances , it was suspected by some that the practice was very different .

They refused to leave on request and attempts to eject them failed on account of the sudden arrival of reinforcements from the local station .
they refused to leave on request and [tries] to eject them failed on account of the sudden arrival of reinforcements from the local station .

He too had been strictly brought up but seems to have shrugged off his mother 's influence in that as easily as he resisted her attempts to make him a practising Jew .
he too had been strictly brought up but seems to have shrugged off his mother 's influence in that as easily as he resisted her [tries] to make him a practising jew .

The idea that graded morphogen concentrations are important in controlling development is a very old one and the attempts to identify the morphogen have failed , almost without exception .
the idea that graded morphogen concentrations are important in controlling development is a very old one and the [tries] to identify the morphogen have failed , almost without exception .

Man 's attempts to tame the flood have not always progressed smoothly .
man 's [tries] to tame the flood have not always progressed smoothly .

Attempts to straighten out the Lang Lang river in Australia between 1920 and 1923 caused a series of cuts into the bank , which progressed rapidly upstream and destroyed seven bridges .
[tries] to straighten out the lang lang river in australia between 1920 and 1923 caused a series of cuts into the bank , which progressed rapidly upstream and destroyed seven bridges .

Those who win money on the horses at Kirkby Lonsdale races in Cumbria can quickly sober up if they wander down from the racecourse to see how their rates have been spent on the adjacent reaches of the river Lune , where the recently cemented banks are dramatically caving in , and attempts at bank protection appear to have made matters worse .
those who win money on the horses at kirkby lonsdale races in cumbria can quickly sober up if they wander down from the racecourse to see how their rates have been spent on the adjacent reaches of the river lune , where the recently cemented banks are dramatically caving in , and [tries] at bank protection appear to have made matters worse .

Enthusiastic attempts to drain wetlands throughout the 1970s and early 1980s have in many cases failed to produce the high-quality farmland which was the object of these expensive exercises .
enthusiastic [tries] to drain wetlands throughout the 1970s and early 1980s have in many cases failed to produce the high-quality farmland which was the object of these expensive exercises .

There were various more or less half-hearted attempts to get over the finality of this selection .
there were various more or less half-hearted [tries] to get over the finality of this selection .

What will be of the greatest use in our attempts to improve economic growth and output ?
what will be of the greatest use in our [tries] to improve economic growth and output ?

Any teacher who tries to devise a syllabus for a music class that will appeal to the members of the class for its relevance , or who attempts to attract the English class by giving them things to read or act that will speak to them in their own language is in danger of falling into the trap of ‘ thinking down ’ to his pupils , of condescending to them .
any teacher who tries to devise a syllabus for a music class that will appeal to the members of the class for its relevance , or who [tries] to attract the english class by giving them things to read or act that will speak to them in their own language is in danger of falling into the trap of ‘ thinking down ’ to his pupils , of condescending to them .

Attempts to mitigate what were recognized as disastrous divisions often took the form of a refusal to acknowledge the wide difference of ability that existed between pupils , which led to a style and content of teaching roughly directed to the middle band of children , the least and the most able being left to shift for themselves .
[tries] to mitigate what were recognized as disastrous divisions often took the form of a refusal to acknowledge the wide difference of ability that existed between pupils , which led to a style and content of teaching roughly directed to the middle band of children , the least and the most able being left to shift for themselves .

There have been various attempts to broaden the sixth-form curriculum , none of which has been successful .
there have been various [tries] to broaden the sixth-form curriculum , none of which has been successful .

After the Poema there were to be no more serious attempts to re-tell the life of El Cid with any fidelity to actual events .
after the poema there were to be no more serious [tries] to re-tell the life of el cid with any fidelity to actual events .

Variant weapons included the guisarme or fauchard , which persisted in many forms as late as the seventeenth century , and inflicted such horrible wounds that attempts were made to have it banned during the medieval period .
variant weapons included the guisarme or fauchard , which persisted in many forms as late as the seventeenth century , and inflicted such horrible wounds that [tries] were made to have it banned during the medieval period .

Far from being sport , it 's his job to keep herds in check and make sure these ‘ sportsmen ’ do n't leave an animal wounded and in pain from their hopeless attempts to shoot it , and his respect for living things is acute .
far from being sport , it 's his job to keep herds in check and make sure these ‘ sportsmen ’ do n't leave an animal wounded and in pain from their hopeless [tries] to shoot it , and his respect for living things is acute .

But this is probably better than some of the attempts that have been made deliberately to exploit the natural human interest in such a tragic event with supposedly factual accounts of the eruption , in which accurate reportage takes second place to lurid , entirely hypothetical detail .
but this is probably better than some of the [tries] that have been made deliberately to exploit the natural human interest in such a tragic event with supposedly factual accounts of the eruption , in which accurate reportage takes second place to lurid , entirely hypothetical detail .

Because some of the men were alcoholics there was often the sound of singing , or slurred attempts at it , and occasionally vomiting .
because some of the men were alcoholics there was often the sound of singing , or slurred [tries] at it , and occasionally vomiting .

The waiter found it all very amusing though Sandison was not quite sure if the laughter came from the story itself or his own clumsy attempts to tell it .
the waiter found it all very amusing though sandison was not quite sure if the laughter came from the story itself or his own clumsy [tries] to tell it .

It was purely for ‘ practical reasons ’ , as he wrote many years later , that Hardy abandoned his fruitless attempts to publish poetry in favour of writing fiction , for which there was a lively demand throughout the 19th century .
it was purely for ‘ practical reasons ’ , as he wrote many years later , that hardy abandoned his fruitless [tries] to publish poetry in favour of writing fiction , for which there was a lively demand throughout the 19th century .

His request was refused , and attempts to persuade the English courts to order the alteration failed when he was refused legal aid .
his request was refused , and [tries] to persuade the english courts to order the alteration failed when he was refused legal aid .

However well charted the world may be there is still adventure , danger and hardship for some travellers to endure : Christina Dodwell experienced ‘ cold terror ’ while crossing the rapids of the Laigap River in Papua New Guinea ; Dervla Murphy survived an attack by wolves and several rape attempts ; Rosie Atkins , travelling round the world with her husband and two children , was trapped overnight in a battered old coach by a landslide in Ladakh .
however well charted the world may be there is still adventure , danger and hardship for some travellers to endure : christina dodwell experienced ‘ cold terror ’ while crossing the rapids of the laigap river in papua new guinea ; dervla murphy survived an attack by wolves and several rape [tries] ; rosie atkins , travelling round the world with her husband and two children , was trapped overnight in a battered old coach by a landslide in ladakh .

Chris attempts to clear his desk by jamming all outstanding items in the biggest , bottom drawer .
chris [tries] to clear his desk by jamming all outstanding items in the biggest , bottom drawer .

Matty attempts to clear her desk by doing two weeks ' work in three days .
matty [tries] to clear her desk by doing two weeks ' work in three days .

This alliance of opposition frustrated all attempts to establish a professional police until Peel 's 1829 Metropolitan Police Act .
this alliance of opposition frustrated all [tries] to establish a professional police until peel 's 1829 metropolitan police act .

Specifically , the concentration on the spatial dimension , the grounded location of poverty in certain areas , arose when attempts were being made to restrict the scope of public policy and the extent of public expenditure , to limit its focus to targeted areas .
specifically , the concentration on the spatial dimension , the grounded location of poverty in certain areas , arose when [tries] were being made to restrict the scope of public policy and the extent of public expenditure , to limit its focus to targeted areas .

To a large extent , these continued and crystallised earlier attempts to tackle similar problems … The nature of those policies with their emphases on private sector developments , home ownership and small businesses , suggests that in part at least the Government is seeking to produce electoral change by introducing traditional Conservative supporters to areas where the party has been very weak — as , for example , in many of the residential developments in London 's Docklands .
to a large extent , these continued and crystallised earlier [tries] to tackle similar problems … the nature of those policies with their emphases on private sector developments , home ownership and small businesses , suggests that in part at least the government is seeking to produce electoral change by introducing traditional conservative supporters to areas where the party has been very weak — as , for example , in many of the residential developments in london 's docklands .

It is fair to say that the British obscenity test is one of the few in the world which attempts to focus specifically on the ‘ protection of health or morals .
it is fair to say that the british obscenity test is one of the few in the world which [tries] to focus specifically on the ‘ protection of health or morals .

The Younger Committee made no attempt at a definitive statement on what constituted privacy , contenting itself with a summary of different approaches and attempts at definition .
the younger committee made no attempt at a definitive statement on what constituted privacy , contenting itself with a summary of different approaches and [tries] at definition .

There were attempts at legislation on computers and privacy through Private Members Bills from 1961 onwards , which the Home Office , as the lead department on the subject , managed to stall successfully until 1970 , when it was one of the issues which led to the setting up of the Younger Committee .
there were [tries] at legislation on computers and privacy through private members bills from 1961 onwards , which the home office , as the lead department on the subject , managed to stall successfully until 1970 , when it was one of the issues which led to the setting up of the younger committee .

The Town Trail attempts to link the long history of Northampton and present you , the visitor , with a taste of the heritage which belongs to this handsome town .
the town trail [tries] to link the long history of northampton and present you , the visitor , with a taste of the heritage which belongs to this handsome town .

categorically refuse any attempts to build unsuitable tourist developments in the National Parks
categorically refuse any [tries] to build unsuitable tourist developments in the national parks

Irradiation of food does not conform to attempts to cut down the number and scale of radiation emitters in order to reduce the risks of contamination of plant workers and local communities .
irradiation of food does not conform to [tries] to cut down the number and scale of radiation emitters in order to reduce the risks of contamination of plant workers and local communities .

Doctors do n't thin about donation until all attempts to save the patient have failed .
doctors do n't thin about donation until all [tries] to save the patient have failed .

The more the contained attempts to cling , the more the container feels ‘ shut out of the relationship ’ .
the more the contained [tries] to cling , the more the container feels ‘ shut out of the relationship ’ .

When words and memories fail , enactments take over as attempts at communication .
when words and memories fail , enactments take over as [tries] at communication .

Reaching into the water they grabbed hold of the boar 's legs , and after several attempts swivelled it over on to its back .
reaching into the water they grabbed hold of the boar 's legs , and after several [tries] swivelled it over on to its back .

Academic theorisation conventionally attempts to find a language that represents reality .
academic theorisation conventionally [tries] to find a language that represents reality .

The theoretical project attempts to represent an accurate abstraction of the empirical diversity of the social world , in this case , the urban world .
the theoretical project [tries] to represent an accurate abstraction of the empirical diversity of the social world , in this case , the urban world .

In this sense we want to tie the structural changes in political economy that have marked most nations in the last decade and have commonly had their most profound consequences in cities , to attempts to demarcate a space that corresponds to the political , social and academic construction of a traumatised inner city .
in this sense we want to tie the structural changes in political economy that have marked most nations in the last decade and have commonly had their most profound consequences in cities , to [tries] to demarcate a space that corresponds to the political , social and academic construction of a traumatised inner city .

Inherently , these attempts have been doomed .
inherently , these [tries] have been doomed .

As long as new measures of social policy in these areas could be presented as solutions to an inner city problem they stood a greater chance of popular acceptance than if they were seen as no more than further attempts to rid the nation of the welfare state legacy of the post-war era and the dependency mentality that went along with it .
as long as new measures of social policy in these areas could be presented as solutions to an inner city problem they stood a greater chance of popular acceptance than if they were seen as no more than further [tries] to rid the nation of the welfare state legacy of the post-war era and the dependency mentality that went along with it .

Once placed in their political context , it is difficult to imagine a set of guidelines of good practice in urban policy precisely because of the interaction of policy , theory and practice that this volume attempts to emphasise .
once placed in their political context , it is difficult to imagine a set of guidelines of good practice in urban policy precisely because of the interaction of policy , theory and practice that this volume [tries] to emphasise .

This section attempts to highlight some of the ambiguities involved in just two of the criteria by which the success of urban policy is commonly measured .
this section [tries] to highlight some of the ambiguities involved in just two of the criteria by which the success of urban policy is commonly measured .

The North Side Civic Development Council placed the latter firmly on its agenda through its attempts to establish incubators for small businesses and local labour contracts in larger projects , with limited success .
the north side civic development council placed the latter firmly on its agenda through its [tries] to establish incubators for small businesses and local labour contracts in larger projects , with limited success .

Such lack of success had greeted all of James 's earlier attempts that loyal Englishmen had dubbed him ‘ Old Mr Misfortune ’ , but when invited to leave his luxurious refuge in the papal state of Urbino for yet another amphibious expedition , this time courtesy of Cardinal Alberoni and Spain , he did not hesitate .
such lack of success had greeted all of james 's earlier [tries] that loyal englishmen had dubbed him ‘ old mr misfortune ’ , but when invited to leave his luxurious refuge in the papal state of urbino for yet another amphibious expedition , this time courtesy of cardinal alberoni and spain , he did not hesitate .

Next morning the gale frustrated attempts to use fireships against those which had got into the Vilaine but , in attempting to evade its pursuers , the Soleil Royal was forced on to an offshore shoal and burned by her own crew .
next morning the gale frustrated [tries] to use fireships against those which had got into the vilaine but , in attempting to evade its pursuers , the soleil royal was forced on to an offshore shoal and burned by her own crew .

All previous invasion attempts had been betrayed by the massive concentration of troops and ships begun long in advance .
all previous invasion [tries] had been betrayed by the massive concentration of troops and ships begun long in advance .

Dumouriez was , like so many Frenchmen , fascinated by the idea of humbling the hitherto unvanquished islanders , and he now undertook a thorough study of the reasons why past attempts had invariably failed .
dumouriez was , like so many frenchmen , fascinated by the idea of humbling the hitherto unvanquished islanders , and he now undertook a thorough study of the reasons why past [tries] had invariably failed .

Jones had been cast for the minor but useful role of leading a small diversionary force of ships to the north of England and Scotland , but his attempts to make his ships ready for sea involved him in constant arguments with the French authorities , and his reputation as a tyrannical captain made it hard to find a crew .
jones had been cast for the minor but useful role of leading a small diversionary force of ships to the north of england and scotland , but his [tries] to make his ships ready for sea involved him in constant arguments with the french authorities , and his reputation as a tyrannical captain made it hard to find a crew .

Thwarted in his attempts to cause a shortage of coal in London by attacking Newcastle , as the Dutch had done in 1667 when they controlled the Thames estuary , Jones did what he could to disrupt the coastal trade .
thwarted in his [tries] to cause a shortage of coal in london by attacking newcastle , as the dutch had done in 1667 when they controlled the thames estuary , jones did what he could to disrupt the coastal trade .

Philip was working long hours for Charles ( now Lord ) Forte and was so tired one night that he slept through the air raid warning and the attempts of his landlady to rouse him .
philip was working long hours for charles ( now lord ) forte and was so tired one night that he slept through the air raid warning and the [tries] of his landlady to rouse him .

With their faith rooted in Jewish law , the Christadelphians had a long-standing interest in cooperative ventures , contributing generously to attempts to re-establish the Jewish people in Palestine .
with their faith rooted in jewish law , the christadelphians had a long-standing interest in cooperative ventures , contributing generously to [tries] to re-establish the jewish people in palestine .

Somehow a mortgage was raised , but the diversion of resources frustrated Anna Essinger 's attempts to add further to the number of admissions .
somehow a mortgage was raised , but the diversion of resources frustrated anna essinger 's [tries] to add further to the number of admissions .

Indeed , empirical attempts to categorise unemployment in such a way have met with many difficulties .
indeed , empirical [tries] to categorise unemployment in such a way have met with many difficulties .

After our three attempts to get to Porto this was a beautiful calm flight .
after our three [tries] to get to porto this was a beautiful calm flight .

Knowing Christopher , she has judged it right to leave him to make his own attempts , though had he not succeeded she would probably have joined him and discussed the solution with him .
knowing christopher , she has judged it right to leave him to make his own [tries] , though had he not succeeded she would probably have joined him and discussed the solution with him .

The successive wars between the German states and France might be seen as the result of increasing German frustration over failed attempts to reach these markets .
the successive wars between the german states and france might be seen as the result of increasing german frustration over failed [tries] to reach these markets .

The Reich 's attempts at industrialisation had been contradicted by the effort to retain a semi-feudal social and political structure .
the reich 's [tries] at industrialisation had been contradicted by the effort to retain a semi-feudal social and political structure .

There is no record of any further attempts to hunt the Fawcetts .
there is no record of any further [tries] to hunt the fawcetts .

Even before then the circulation of the magazine had been steadily falling and attempts by able editors and publishers failed to stem this sales decline .
even before then the circulation of the magazine had been steadily falling and [tries] by able editors and publishers failed to stem this sales decline .

The project which we report here came into being because of this concern ; it was one of several recent attempts , all part of the same climate of interest , to sustain some highly dependent old people in non-institutional settings .
the project which we report here came into being because of this concern ; it was one of several recent [tries] , all part of the same climate of interest , to sustain some highly dependent old people in non-institutional settings .

Not surprisingly research has suggested a complexity of factors , and shown therefore the difficulties facing any attempts at alleviation ( see for example Eagles et al , l987 ; Gilleard et al , l984 ; Gilhooly , 1984 ; Zarit et al , l980 ) .
not surprisingly research has suggested a complexity of factors , and shown therefore the difficulties facing any [tries] at alleviation ( see for example eagles et al , l987 ; gilleard et al , l984 ; gilhooly , 1984 ; zarit et al , l980 ) .

Many attempts have been made to classify British cattle breeds on the basis of ancestry and these categories are often based on obvious physical characteristics such as horns and coat colour .
many [tries] have been made to classify british cattle breeds on the basis of ancestry and these categories are often based on obvious physical characteristics such as horns and coat colour .

The breed 's reclaimed hardiness makes it useful for extensive suckling systems and there have been successful attempts to produce crossbred suckler herds ( especially Longhorn x Welsh Black cows to Charolais bulls ) .
the breed 's reclaimed hardiness makes it useful for extensive suckling systems and there have been successful [tries] to produce crossbred suckler herds ( especially longhorn x welsh black cows to charolais bulls ) .

There was a herdbook from 1920 until 1957 when it was found to fail to breed true , but attempts are now being made to reform the breed society .
there was a herdbook from 1920 until 1957 when it was found to fail to breed true , but [tries] are now being made to reform the breed society .

During the nineteenth century attempts were made to improve the monks ' breed by using various imported bulls , including Durham Shorthorns , Scottish Highlands , red North Devons and , in particular , Swiss Browns , at a time when the Aubrac 's main roles were in milk production and draught work .
during the nineteenth century [tries] were made to improve the monks ' breed by using various imported bulls , including durham shorthorns , scottish highlands , red north devons and , in particular , swiss browns , at a time when the aubrac 's main roles were in milk production and draught work .

Pollution largely ended the shellfish industry although there have been recent attempts to revive it .
pollution largely ended the shellfish industry although there have been recent [tries] to revive it .

In my experience the most effective way to resist his attempts to snag you is to heave at him with as much side-strain as your tackle strength will allow .
in my experience the most effective way to resist his [tries] to snag you is to heave at him with as much side-strain as your tackle strength will allow .

This prospect has led to a retrenchment in state pension provision and an emphasis on informal caring systems , two attempts to reduce the need for society to foot the bill of its ageing population .
this prospect has led to a retrenchment in state pension provision and an emphasis on informal caring systems , two [tries] to reduce the need for society to foot the bill of its ageing population .

At the same time , within the National Health Service , it has been acute and curative services which have been developed , despite attempts to shift the balance towards preventive and caring services directed at chronic conditions .
at the same time , within the national health service , it has been acute and curative services which have been developed , despite [tries] to shift the balance towards preventive and caring services directed at chronic conditions .

The failure to properly research and understand older consumers is illustrated by several attempts to introduce promotions based on the American experience of discount-trading linked to a magazine .
the failure to properly research and understand older consumers is illustrated by several [tries] to introduce promotions based on the american experience of discount-trading linked to a magazine .

So far , similar attempts in the United Kingdom have not met their promoters ' expectations .
so far , similar [tries] in the united kingdom have not met their promoters ' expectations .

The Government reiterate this argument when any attempts are made by individual members of both Houses of Parliament to propose measures to outlaw age discrimination .
the government reiterate this argument when any [tries] are made by individual members of both houses of parliament to propose measures to outlaw age discrimination .

Attempts to coerce people into retiring must be resisted ; rights to retraining must also be secured .
[tries] to coerce people into retiring must be resisted ; rights to retraining must also be secured .

attempts to coerce people to retire must be resisted and rights to training secured ;
[tries] to coerce people to retire must be resisted and rights to training secured ;

Despite volunteers raising £55,000 to overcome the immediate financial nightmare , attempts are now having to be made to ensure the line 's long-term security .
despite volunteers raising £55,000 to overcome the immediate financial nightmare , [tries] are now having to be made to ensure the line 's long-term security .

Feelings are running high about the brick company 's attempts to change their existing tipping permission for inert waste to allow the dumping of domestic and non-hazardous commercial refuse .
feelings are running high about the brick company 's [tries] to change their existing tipping permission for inert waste to allow the dumping of domestic and non-hazardous commercial refuse .

Identical pitfalls await the student of what political scientists call the ‘ overload ’ problem in government when he or she attempts to read into the past harbingers of difficulties which subsequently became acute .
identical pitfalls await the student of what political scientists call the ‘ overload ’ problem in government when he or she [tries] to read into the past harbingers of difficulties which subsequently became acute .

Later , attempts were made , initially without success , to bring a Scottish team to Leeds Road for a match in aid of the Mayor 's fund for the unemployed .
later , [tries] were made , initially without success , to bring a scottish team to leeds road for a match in aid of the mayor 's fund for the unemployed .

At Highbury the trouble stemmed from the Canute-like attempts of Sir Henry Norris to halt the rising tide of transfer fees .
at highbury the trouble stemmed from the canute-like [tries] of sir henry norris to halt the rising tide of transfer fees .

This chapter attempts to highlight some of the ways that policy considerations affect the provision of materials in academic and public libraries .
this chapter [tries] to highlight some of the ways that policy considerations affect the provision of materials in academic and public libraries .

In Britain a key document — the Hillingdon report — examined the effectiveness of public library attempts to satisfy user needs , and concluded that most public library services were ‘ supplier-oriented ’ .
in britain a key document — the hillingdon report — examined the effectiveness of public library [tries] to satisfy user needs , and concluded that most public library services were ‘ supplier-oriented ’ .

This chapter briefly surveys the nature of user needs and the factors which bear upon use , and then attempts to summarize the methods by which use can be studied and analysed .
this chapter briefly surveys the nature of user needs and the factors which bear upon use , and then [tries] to summarize the methods by which use can be studied and analysed .

Sweeney and Jones and Pratt have made attempts to produce some basic definitions of level which might be helpful to librarians and users .
sweeney and jones and pratt have made [tries] to produce some basic definitions of level which might be helpful to librarians and users .

In factual works , style plays a more easily definable role , and textual sampling and attempts at stylistic evaluation by librarians are more pertinent .
in factual works , style plays a more easily definable role , and textual sampling and [tries] at stylistic evaluation by librarians are more pertinent .

Very much a select bibliography , as the introduction makes clear , since it attempts to list the most important databases from the much larger number available .
very much a select bibliography , as the introduction makes clear , since it [tries] to list the most important databases from the much larger number available .

But the overwhelming size of the response to an initiative like ‘ Childline ’ indicates that it would be dangerous to conclude that young people do not have problems even if first attempts to tap them fail .
but the overwhelming size of the response to an initiative like ‘ childline ’ indicates that it would be dangerous to conclude that young people do not have problems even if first [tries] to tap them fail .

Not only was the wider effect of debt on family life recognised but also , as happens today , attempts were made to influence social policy through retrieving bureau experience and to build educational programmes to influence the public in their home-making .
not only was the wider effect of debt on family life recognised but also , as happens today , [tries] were made to influence social policy through retrieving bureau experience and to build educational programmes to influence the public in their home-making .

The Macclesfield Canal , which was built to serve the growing textile and other industries of Macclesfield and Congleton , was one of the final attempts to hold at bay the growing threat to canal transport from the railways .
the macclesfield canal , which was built to serve the growing textile and other industries of macclesfield and congleton , was one of the final [tries] to hold at bay the growing threat to canal transport from the railways .

The girl 's brother attempts to save her but is fatally wounded by the Marquis ' brother 's sword .
the girl 's brother [tries] to save her but is fatally wounded by the marquis ' brother 's sword .

Several tunnels were completed but discovered before they could be used because the escapers were ‘ waiting for the thaw ’ or ‘ for the berries to appear on the hedgerows ’ , and sometimes individuals would fail to go through with attempts ( which others carried out ) because ‘ their boots were being mended ’ or ‘ they had sprained an ankle playing basketball ’ .
several tunnels were completed but discovered before they could be used because the escapers were ‘ waiting for the thaw ’ or ‘ for the berries to appear on the hedgerows ’ , and sometimes individuals would fail to go through with [tries] ( which others carried out ) because ‘ their boots were being mended ’ or ‘ they had sprained an ankle playing basketball ’ .

At the other end of the spectrum are the ‘ dark greens ’ , who believe essentially that the system is inherently corrupt and unsustainable , and that any attempts to ameliorate its impact on the natural world are utterly forlorn .
at the other end of the spectrum are the ‘ dark greens ’ , who believe essentially that the system is inherently corrupt and unsustainable , and that any [tries] to ameliorate its impact on the natural world are utterly forlorn .

The implication of this is that well-meaning attempts to avoid killing animals , can , in fact , be injurious to their health .
the implication of this is that well-meaning [tries] to avoid killing animals , can , in fact , be injurious to their health .

These are things that we can measure ; we can make measurements of the welfare of an animal ; the term ‘ welfare ’ refers to its state , and its state in particular in respect of its attempts to cope with its environment .
these are things that we can measure ; we can make measurements of the welfare of an animal ; the term ‘ welfare ’ refers to its state , and its state in particular in respect of its [tries] to cope with its environment .

Also , any attempts to kill wild animals , or almost all attempts , do result in a large amount of suffering .
also , any [tries] to kill wild animals , or almost all [tries] , do result in a large amount of suffering .

If you work under protest for a limited period of time , your attempts to resolve the dispute through negotiation prior to leaving should not jeopardise your right to claim that you have been constructively dismissed .
if you work under protest for a limited period of time , your [tries] to resolve the dispute through negotiation prior to leaving should not jeopardise your right to claim that you have been constructively dismissed .

If your company attempts to do so , tribunals will again construe any ambiguity in your favour , if there is a risk that you might be disadvantaged by what your employer purports to have done .
if your company [tries] to do so , tribunals will again construe any ambiguity in your favour , if there is a risk that you might be disadvantaged by what your employer purports to have done .

John Cruikshank at Castle Hill House and his ‘ very amiable ’ wife , Anna , were chief among them , and for Coleridge , at least , there were also a number of admiring and musical young women with whom his puns , conundrums , and attempts at dancing made him ‘ an immense favorite ’ .
john cruikshank at castle hill house and his ‘ very amiable ’ wife , anna , were chief among them , and for coleridge , at least , there were also a number of admiring and musical young women with whom his puns , conundrums , and [tries] at dancing made him ‘ an immense favorite ’ .

Further attempts to estimate platelet function in vivo have involved isotopic labelling of platelets and measurement of platelet survival and assessments of platelet aggregation in whole blood .
further [tries] to estimate platelet function in vivo have involved isotopic labelling of platelets and measurement of platelet survival and assessments of platelet aggregation in whole blood .

Attempts have been made to measure plasma prostacyclin levels indirectly by radioimmunoassay measurement of 6-keto-PGF 1 α , a stable metabolite of prostacyclin .
[tries] have been made to measure plasma prostacyclin levels indirectly by radioimmunoassay measurement of 6-keto-pgf 1 α , a stable metabolite of prostacyclin .

There have been several attempts to explain the reasons for the strong seismic reflections from such zones .
there have been several [tries] to explain the reasons for the strong seismic reflections from such zones .

The initial attempts at the solution of this problem are mentioned in the next chapter .
the initial [tries] at the solution of this problem are mentioned in the next chapter .

Navarro ( 1986 ) claims that ‘ capitalism attempts to replace services pure and simple with commodities that can be bought and sold on the private market ’ and rather more strongly , Waitzkin ( 1983 ) suggests that ‘ from the standpoint of potential profit , there is no reason that corporations should view medical products differently from other products .
navarro ( 1986 ) claims that ‘ capitalism [tries] to replace services pure and simple with commodities that can be bought and sold on the private market ’ and rather more strongly , waitzkin ( 1983 ) suggests that ‘ from the standpoint of potential profit , there is no reason that corporations should view medical products differently from other products .

Overt attempts to achieve this date back to at least the ‘ cogwheel ’ Reports of 1967–69 .
overt [tries] to achieve this date back to at least the ‘ cogwheel ’ reports of 1967–69 .

Attempts have been made to demonstrate an evolution from interpretation based on the letter ( or verba ) to that based on the spirit ( or intention or voluntas ) .
[tries] have been made to demonstrate an evolution from interpretation based on the letter ( or verba ) to that based on the spirit ( or intention or voluntas ) .

These practices are highly significant for attempts to assess the way in which trusts were interpreted .
these practices are highly significant for [tries] to assess the way in which trusts were interpreted .

Old Herr Stern , isolated in the silent world of the deaf , munched grimly and spoke not at all , whilst the Zimmermans ' desultory attempts to engage their guests in conversation were soon abandoned .
old herr stern , isolated in the silent world of the deaf , munched grimly and spoke not at all , whilst the zimmermans ' desultory [tries] to engage their guests in conversation were soon abandoned .

The one on the left promotes a genuine electrical recording success ; the one on the right attempts to capitalize on it , although recorded acoustically .
the one on the left promotes a genuine electrical recording success ; the one on the right [tries] to capitalize on it , although recorded acoustically .

In presenting a statement which attempts to generalize upon the research great care must be taken as to what is said .
in presenting a statement which [tries] to generalize upon the research great care must be taken as to what is said .

The simplicity of her books is above any attempts to write down to anyone .
the simplicity of her books is above any [tries] to write down to anyone .

The Message Line attempts to tell you what to do next , or what has gone wrong , or requests responses , at every stage of editing or using a command .
the message line [tries] to tell you what to do next , or what has gone wrong , or requests responses , at every stage of editing or using a command .

Attempts have been made to distinguish predation from scavenging ( Binford , 1981 ; Bunn , 1982 ; Shipman , 1983b , 1986 ) , but this work has been based entirely on analysis of large mammals ( Behrensmeyer , 1987 ) .
[tries] have been made to distinguish predation from scavenging ( binford , 1981 ; bunn , 1982 ; shipman , 1983b , 1986 ) , but this work has been based entirely on analysis of large mammals ( behrensmeyer , 1987 ) .

The reason for this will become clear when the fossil faunas are examined , for post-depositional breakage of the upper and lower jaws often removes any evidence of the jaws themselves so that only the teeth are left to provide an indication of the former numbers of jaws , and this index attempts to take this into account .
the reason for this will become clear when the fossil faunas are examined , for post-depositional breakage of the upper and lower jaws often removes any evidence of the jaws themselves so that only the teeth are left to provide an indication of the former numbers of jaws , and this index [tries] to take this into account .

Charlton and Grilly went on to play together as Palace 's full-backs for four seasons , and it was no coincidence that in two of them Palace made serious , if unavailing , attempts to restore 2nd Division status to Selhurst Park , finishing as runners-up in both 1928–29 and 1930–31 .
charlton and grilly went on to play together as palace 's full-backs for four seasons , and it was no coincidence that in two of them palace made serious , if unavailing , [tries] to restore 2nd division status to selhurst park , finishing as runners-up in both 1928–29 and 1930–31 .

The Video-wall presentation attempts to give an impression of what actually happened over those 18 tumultuous days between the reading of the Proclamation and the execution of James Connolly .
the video-wall presentation [tries] to give an impression of what actually happened over those 18 tumultuous days between the reading of the proclamation and the execution of james connolly .

Classroom infrastructure tends to appear similar in different societies ; what is most various is the bureaucratic superstructure , which attempts to translate rhetoric into regulations and routine procedures for monitoring and controlling what goes on in the classrooms .
classroom infrastructure tends to appear similar in different societies ; what is most various is the bureaucratic superstructure , which [tries] to translate rhetoric into regulations and routine procedures for monitoring and controlling what goes on in the classrooms .

Vial made many attempts to be reappointed at Alfort after Bourgelat died in 1779 , but was unsuccessful .
vial made many [tries] to be reappointed at alfort after bourgelat died in 1779 , but was unsuccessful .

The criticisms that have been levelled at Coleman on educational and other matters have included assertions that he admitted unsuitable pupils ; unduly shortened the course of instruction ; concentrated that instruction solely on diseases of the horse ; allowed undue medical interference in the development of the profession , particularly in respect of the examining committee , solely composed of medical men ; barred veterinary surgeons from becoming subscribers to the College , and thwarted attempts by the profession to obtain a charter .
the criticisms that have been levelled at coleman on educational and other matters have included assertions that he admitted unsuitable pupils ; unduly shortened the course of instruction ; concentrated that instruction solely on diseases of the horse ; allowed undue medical interference in the development of the profession , particularly in respect of the examining committee , solely composed of medical men ; barred veterinary surgeons from becoming subscribers to the college , and thwarted [tries] by the profession to obtain a charter .

In larger economic terms , however , some previous attempts at intervention in the regions have been misguided , even patronising , assuming the North best supported by being kept in its place and in the ( terminal ) condition it should expect .
in larger economic terms , however , some previous [tries] at intervention in the regions have been misguided , even patronising , assuming the north best supported by being kept in its place and in the ( terminal ) condition it should expect .

The Foundation 's broad survey , relating world-wide events to the condition and future of the North of England , attempts to show how the Northern home of the Industrial Revolution , which changed the course of civilisation , can earn a reflex benefit from the outside world : to suggest how it should see its continuing importance and the integrity of its peculiar contribution to that world , the value of its own inalienable strengths and their potential .
the foundation 's broad survey , relating world-wide events to the condition and future of the north of england , [tries] to show how the northern home of the industrial revolution , which changed the course of civilisation , can earn a reflex benefit from the outside world : to suggest how it should see its continuing importance and the integrity of its peculiar contribution to that world , the value of its own inalienable strengths and their potential .

4 to 5 is relatively easy and if someone starts off at 5 they do n't need any persuading at all ( attempts to persuade them may irritate them so much that they start to move to the left ! )
4 to 5 is relatively easy and if someone starts off at 5 they do n't need any persuading at all ( [tries] to persuade them may irritate them so much that they start to move to the left ! )

With the casualty beds still unoccupied the medical staff in hospital grew bolder in their attempts to help Fulham 's children , who were returning from this first evacuation in large numbers .
with the casualty beds still unoccupied the medical staff in hospital grew bolder in their [tries] to help fulham 's children , who were returning from this first evacuation in large numbers .

He considers attempts by county councils to set up ‘ industrial liaison groups ’ through which firms were able to express their concerns over planning processes and procedures , and planners tried to influence the behaviour of firms .
he considers [tries] by county councils to set up ‘ industrial liaison groups ’ through which firms were able to express their concerns over planning processes and procedures , and planners tried to influence the behaviour of firms .

And there were also attempts to generate significant consultation in the structure planning process .
and there were also [tries] to generate significant consultation in the structure planning process .

Whatever the aspirations of the corporate planners , most of the attempts to develop corporate objectives and goals ( whether in structure plans or corporate documents ) have ended up as bland statements of intent , which are either unachievable or virtually meaningless .
whatever the aspirations of the corporate planners , most of the [tries] to develop corporate objectives and goals ( whether in structure plans or corporate documents ) have ended up as bland statements of intent , which are either unachievable or virtually meaningless .

It attempts to give some meaning to notions of relative autonomy at local level and encourages the consideration of actual political processes in determining what is possible .
it [tries] to give some meaning to notions of relative autonomy at local level and encourages the consideration of actual political processes in determining what is possible .

There have been many different attempts to explain these pressures , in terms of capitalist crisis ( or the fiscal crisis of the state ( O'Connor , 1973 ) ) ; or the state acting as a leech on productive sectors of the economy ( most strongly argued in Bacon and Eltis , 1976 ) ; or simply in terms of monetarism ( outlined in Gamble , 1984 , pp .
there have been many different [tries] to explain these pressures , in terms of capitalist crisis ( or the fiscal crisis of the state ( o'connor , 1973 ) ) ; or the state acting as a leech on productive sectors of the economy ( most strongly argued in bacon and eltis , 1976 ) ; or simply in terms of monetarism ( outlined in gamble , 1984 , pp .

The implications of this would seem to be that 1975–85 did not see a process of structural change , but simply the latest in a series of chaotic attempts by central actors to use local government as a means of achieving their ends , without any appreciation of the range of different interests reflected in its various policy networks , and which are also linked by various routes to the still disaggregated parts of the centre .
the implications of this would seem to be that 1975–85 did not see a process of structural change , but simply the latest in a series of chaotic [tries] by central actors to use local government as a means of achieving their ends , without any appreciation of the range of different interests reflected in its various policy networks , and which are also linked by various routes to the still disaggregated parts of the centre .

In the former , agencies such as local enterprise boards , or economic development units , have attempted to encourage firms to develop or invest with the help of limited assistance from councils — attempts have been made to ‘ lever ’ additional funds from the private sector ( Clarke and Cochrane , 1987 ) .
in the former , agencies such as local enterprise boards , or economic development units , have attempted to encourage firms to develop or invest with the help of limited assistance from councils — [tries] have been made to ‘ lever ’ additional funds from the private sector ( clarke and cochrane , 1987 ) .

In particular , it attempts to assess how rational decision-makers will act in certain situations : ‘ It takes the tools of economics and applies them to the material of politics .
in particular , it [tries] to assess how rational decision-makers will act in certain situations : ‘ it takes the tools of economics and applies them to the material of politics .

The attempts to shift higher numbers of tenants out of council housing do involve elements of choice .
the [tries] to shift higher numbers of tenants out of council housing do involve elements of choice .

It accepts the arguments of others that moves towards post-Fordism are taking place in economy and society , and then attempts to translate these moves into the languages of local government .
it accepts the arguments of others that moves towards post-fordism are taking place in economy and society , and then [tries] to translate these moves into the languages of local government .

And , attempts to encourage greater accountability and competition between authorities have tended to flounder because it has been accompanied by a higher degree of centralization and control and a wider gap between the possibilities of locally generated finance and overall levels of spending .
and , [tries] to encourage greater accountability and competition between authorities have tended to flounder because it has been accompanied by a higher degree of centralization and control and a wider gap between the possibilities of locally generated finance and overall levels of spending .

Before we begin this short survey of attempts to analyse local political activity , it is worth noting a dual contradiction which underpins post-war changes in British local politics .
before we begin this short survey of [tries] to analyse local political activity , it is worth noting a dual contradiction which underpins post-war changes in british local politics .

Local political activity came to be seen as part and parcel of changes taking place within capitalist society as a whole , especially within the capitalist state as it attempts to manage and transform a social and economic system in profound crisis .
local political activity came to be seen as part and parcel of changes taking place within capitalist society as a whole , especially within the capitalist state as it [tries] to manage and transform a social and economic system in profound crisis .

Based again on the School 's Development Plan , such a full-plan approach attempts to use a decision-making model for budget preparation which proceeds in a highly rational and ordered sequence .
based again on the school 's development plan , such a full-plan approach [tries] to use a decision-making model for budget preparation which proceeds in a highly rational and ordered sequence .

There is a real risk that in the sometimes frenzied attempts to make schools smooth-running , cost-effective , economically viable ‘ enterprises ’ , the educational raison d'être will be relegated to a distant second place .
there is a real risk that in the sometimes frenzied [tries] to make schools smooth-running , cost-effective , economically viable ‘ enterprises ’ , the educational raison d'être will be relegated to a distant second place .

Home , with Charmaine and her hurt , resentful eyes , her domestic conversation , her irritating attempts to keep their marriage alive .
home , with charmaine and her hurt , resentful eyes , her domestic conversation , her irritating [tries] to keep their marriage alive .

Kelly smiled as she thought of his early attempts at cooking and the hours he 'd spent coaching and encouraging her while she 'd practised riding a finish on the back of the sofa .
kelly smiled as she thought of his early [tries] at cooking and the hours he 'd spent coaching and encouraging her while she 'd practised riding a finish on the back of the sofa .

There are some attempts under way to rectify this .
there are some [tries] under way to rectify this .

Past attempts to control the weed have involved mechanical harvesters , weed-eating fish and chemical herbicides .
past [tries] to control the weed have involved mechanical harvesters , weed-eating fish and chemical herbicides .

Indeed it was their attempts to comprehend the formalism in terms of individual behaviour that led to some of the fathers of quantum theory , such as Erwin Schrödinger , Louis de Broglie and Einstein , to express strong doubts about the ultimate validity of the theory .
indeed it was their [tries] to comprehend the formalism in terms of individual behaviour that led to some of the fathers of quantum theory , such as erwin schrödinger , louis de broglie and einstein , to express strong doubts about the ultimate validity of the theory .

At the heart of attempts by firms in Britain to introduce modern technology is a battle for control of the shopfloor between management and factory worker .
at the heart of [tries] by firms in britain to introduce modern technology is a battle for control of the shopfloor between management and factory worker .

Attempts to do something about the problem have to concentrate on underground resources .
[tries] to do something about the problem have to concentrate on underground resources .

But in the 1960s attempts to increase crop production in these areas introduced higher yielding varieties of the ‘ green revolution ’ .
but in the 1960s [tries] to increase crop production in these areas introduced higher yielding varieties of the ‘ green revolution ’ .

Above all , increasing attempts are being made to provide the lay visitor , if he or she so desires , with a genuinely worthwhile educational experience .
above all , increasing [tries] are being made to provide the lay visitor , if he or she so desires , with a genuinely worthwhile educational experience .

They are themselves helical , with a pitch that decreases uniformally towards the outside , and they are torsion structures held together in part at least by forces generated by the attempts of individual bacteria to untwist .
they are themselves helical , with a pitch that decreases uniformally towards the outside , and they are torsion structures held together in part at least by forces generated by the [tries] of individual bacteria to untwist .

He goes on to argue that as the right side of the brain has no language capacity , the knowledge it acquires can not be put into words : this may explain the failure of his attempts to do so .
he goes on to argue that as the right side of the brain has no language capacity , the knowledge it acquires can not be put into words : this may explain the failure of his [tries] to do so .

The Royal Navy rapidly came up with a countermeasure once it had discovered exactly what circuits Exocet used to foil attempts to head it off .
the royal navy rapidly came up with a countermeasure once it had discovered exactly what circuits exocet used to foil [tries] to head it off .

There have been attempts at explanation .
there have been [tries] at explanation .

Despite serious and sometimes substantial attempts to provide policy-makers with alternatives , the view of the problem that has ‘ stuck ’ remains that expressed by Hermann Kahn 's central question , ‘ What price are we prepared to pay to deter the aggressor ?
despite serious and sometimes substantial [tries] to provide policy-makers with alternatives , the view of the problem that has ‘ stuck ’ remains that expressed by hermann kahn 's central question , ‘ what price are we prepared to pay to deter the aggressor ?

Attempts are being made to link gasifier deployment with the planting of fast-growing species such as the ipil-ipil ( Leucaena leucocephala ) , which may yield 25 tonnes of dry wood per hectare per year .
[tries] are being made to link gasifier deployment with the planting of fast-growing species such as the ipil-ipil ( leucaena leucocephala ) , which may yield 25 tonnes of dry wood per hectare per year .

Attempts are now being made by the authors to cross these hybrids with wheat cells , hopefully to produce a wheat-tomato cow ‘ superhybrid ’ .
[tries] are now being made by the authors to cross these hybrids with wheat cells , hopefully to produce a wheat-tomato cow ‘ superhybrid ’ .

Attempts to create from English some terms that could be self-defining ( for example , witchcraft for logic ) were short-lived .
[tries] to create from english some terms that could be self-defining ( for example , witchcraft for logic ) were short-lived .

Later and more advanced projects were attempts at philosophical languages , based , as the author explains in some detail , upon theories and analyses of nature , and presenting scientific models of it .
later and more advanced projects were [tries] at philosophical languages , based , as the author explains in some detail , upon theories and analyses of nature , and presenting scientific models of it .

Bell soon realised that attempts to convert light energy direct into acoustic energy at the receiver were impractical .
bell soon realised that [tries] to convert light energy direct into acoustic energy at the receiver were impractical .

Johannes Hevelius , a prosperous brewer of Danzig ( now Gdansk ) , made the first attempts to name the lunar features on his map of 1647 .
johannes hevelius , a prosperous brewer of danzig ( now gdansk ) , made the first [tries] to name the lunar features on his map of 1647 .

At the same time , however , anyone attending the play after it opened at London 's Court Theatre in 1906 could hardly fail to learn a fair amount about the young discipline of bacteriology and about attempts to treat illnesses by immunotherapy .
at the same time , however , anyone attending the play after it opened at london 's court theatre in 1906 could hardly fail to learn a fair amount about the young discipline of bacteriology and about [tries] to treat illnesses by immunotherapy .

Attempts to change the land-based activities that cause coastal pollution would have far-reaching economic , political and social consequences .
[tries] to change the land-based activities that cause coastal pollution would have far-reaching economic , political and social consequences .

Sullivan also includes three early unsuccessful attempts ( in 1896 and 1902 ) to detect radio waves from the Sun .
sullivan also includes three early unsuccessful [tries] ( in 1896 and 1902 ) to detect radio waves from the sun .

The few attempts to increase supplies have been marked only by ad hoc efforts based on technology , with biogas plants , solar cookers or fuelwood plantations promoted as universal solutions .
the few [tries] to increase supplies have been marked only by ad hoc efforts based on technology , with biogas plants , solar cookers or fuelwood plantations promoted as universal solutions .

Attempts to introduce new cooking-energy technologies will have to be far more systematic .
[tries] to introduce new cooking-energy technologies will have to be far more systematic .

Regan makes no attempts to provide answers for the complex and difficult questions which would confront us .
regan makes no [tries] to provide answers for the complex and difficult questions which would confront us .

In the 1950s and 1960s , some attempts were made to supply communities with medicated salt , that is with chloroquine or amodiaquine added .
in the 1950s and 1960s , some [tries] were made to supply communities with medicated salt , that is with chloroquine or amodiaquine added .

Until about nine months ago it was normal to heap all the blame on his Interior Secretary , James Wan , a born-again Christian who has stuck to the letter of Genesis in his attempts to have the Earth subdued .
until about nine months ago it was normal to heap all the blame on his interior secretary , james wan , a born-again christian who has stuck to the letter of genesis in his [tries] to have the earth subdued .

Tracer substances such as radioactive xenon are more rapidly removed from an inflamed joint — their half-life in the joint inversely correlating with the degree of inflammation — and so attempts to blame poor blood supply for the nutritional deficit are probably misconceived .
tracer substances such as radioactive xenon are more rapidly removed from an inflamed joint — their half-life in the joint inversely correlating with the degree of inflammation — and so [tries] to blame poor blood supply for the nutritional deficit are probably misconceived .

Donald Gould believes that some heroic attempts to save life are misguided
donald gould believes that some heroic [tries] to save life are misguided

First , there have been attempts by social scientists to communicate with biologists .
first , there have been [tries] by social scientists to communicate with biologists .

Such models are necessary for the realisation of Wilson 's claim , and there have been several attempts at preliminary formulations by social scientists , archaeologists , population geneticists and from Wilson himself .
such models are necessary for the realisation of wilson 's claim , and there have been several [tries] at preliminary formulations by social scientists , archaeologists , population geneticists and from wilson himself .

Once this is done , attempts can be made to curb the body 's tendency to destroy its own betacells , using immunosuppressive drugs .
once this is done , [tries] can be made to curb the body 's tendency to destroy its own betacells , using immunosuppressive drugs .

The first attempts to understand the quantised Hall effect were in terms of this ideal model .
the first [tries] to understand the quantised hall effect were in terms of this ideal model .

The bigheaded turtle is unique in having a heavily armoured head and tail which it never attempts to draw into its shell when attacked .
the bigheaded turtle is unique in having a heavily armoured head and tail which it never [tries] to draw into its shell when attacked .

The comet ( opposite , top ) is a fish that attempts to lose its real eye in a sea of white dots .
the comet ( opposite , top ) is a fish that [tries] to lose its real eye in a sea of white dots .

Predators are usually nervous of attacking venomous species and this stick insect attempts to startle its assailants by adopting a scorpion posture when approached closely .
predators are usually nervous of attacking venomous species and this stick insect [tries] to startle its assailants by adopting a scorpion posture when approached closely .

Other distraction displays , of a completely different nature , are those in which the displayer attempts to distract the attacker from itself .
other distraction displays , of a completely different nature , are those in which the displayer [tries] to distract the attacker from itself .

He attempts reading it upside down , which temporarily relieves the boredom .
he [tries] reading it upside down , which temporarily relieves the boredom .

The effect of the former set of pressures can be seen first in the ‘ fifties and especially in West Africa in a series of attempts , all politically inspired and none of them entirely successful , to introduce universal primary education — with all the over-extension of resources consequent on such a decision — and second in the popular pressures felt everywhere towards adopting a curricular content similar to that in ‘ European schools ’ .
the effect of the former set of pressures can be seen first in the ‘ fifties and especially in west africa in a series of [tries] , all politically inspired and none of them entirely successful , to introduce universal primary education — with all the over-extension of resources consequent on such a decision — and second in the popular pressures felt everywhere towards adopting a curricular content similar to that in ‘ european schools ’ .

Attempts to test and modify materials ( although included in the programme ) were perfunctory since there was a tightly structured writing and production schedule to meet .
[tries] to test and modify materials ( although included in the programme ) were perfunctory since there was a tightly structured writing and production schedule to meet .

Curriculum development programmes of some magnitude got going before ever attempts were made to chart national goals or directions for educational advance .
curriculum development programmes of some magnitude got going before ever [tries] were made to chart national goals or directions for educational advance .

Attempts at evaluation of the project continue , but in terms of establishing conclusively whether children ‘ learn better ’ through Yoruba or English , they are unlikely to achieve the precision which the Ford Foundation would like to see largely because of the very richness of the project .
[tries] at evaluation of the project continue , but in terms of establishing conclusively whether children ‘ learn better ’ through yoruba or english , they are unlikely to achieve the precision which the ford foundation would like to see largely because of the very richness of the project .

Table 6 attempts to show comparative official time allocations contained in syllabuses in six countries — and alternative patterns within two of them , Nigeria and Tanzania .
table 6 [tries] to show comparative official time allocations contained in syllabuses in six countries — and alternative patterns within two of them , nigeria and tanzania .

Depression may sometimes lead to suicide threats or attempts .
depression may sometimes lead to suicide threats or [tries] .

Thus , attempts to provide a uniform level of social welfare in rural areas means centralisation of services in schooling , health and housing , which gives rise to migration away from isolated areas .
thus , [tries] to provide a uniform level of social welfare in rural areas means centralisation of services in schooling , health and housing , which gives rise to migration away from isolated areas .

Furthermore , they were less inclined to state their position on conservation , a notoriously difficult subject to argue in Orkney where farmers are suspicious of attempts to limit their activities and where conservation is so closely associated with Orkney 's resident population of English romantics .
furthermore , they were less inclined to state their position on conservation , a notoriously difficult subject to argue in orkney where farmers are suspicious of [tries] to limit their activities and where conservation is so closely associated with orkney 's resident population of english romantics .

Peat and water were still flowing into the underground roadways from the subsidence and attempts to block the exposed entrance to the workings were having no success .
peat and water were still flowing into the underground roadways from the subsidence and [tries] to block the exposed entrance to the workings were having no success .

Had he known the facts of the attempts to reach him , the trapped man would have despaired of ever being rescued alive .
had he known the facts of the [tries] to reach him , the trapped man would have despaired of ever being rescued alive .

With the law being openly flouted and the king 's attempts to change the kirk being thwarted , troops of Dragoons were sent out to patrol the countryside , to discourage the holding of conventicles and apprehend transgressors .
with the law being openly flouted and the king 's [tries] to change the kirk being thwarted , troops of dragoons were sent out to patrol the countryside , to discourage the holding of conventicles and apprehend transgressors .

This atmosphere will ultimately emerge as something of immense value when ‘ the kindly light of reason ’ finally sweeps away all the incredible and stifling nonsense , which has been introduced from time to time in futile attempts to counter the inexorable demand that reason and common sense shall ultimately triumph , and replace superstition and blind senseless faith .
this atmosphere will ultimately emerge as something of immense value when ‘ the kindly light of reason ’ finally sweeps away all the incredible and stifling nonsense , which has been introduced from time to time in futile [tries] to counter the inexorable demand that reason and common sense shall ultimately triumph , and replace superstition and blind senseless faith .

It could well be that it was the very fact of the fading of life enjoyment which is experienced with the responsibilities of adulthood and parenthood — and this could have affected the very primitive man just as much as it does modern man — which precipitated the very first of man 's attempts to take control of his future and the progress of evolution , by becoming ‘ civilised ’ .
it could well be that it was the very fact of the fading of life enjoyment which is experienced with the responsibilities of adulthood and parenthood — and this could have affected the very primitive man just as much as it does modern man — which precipitated the very first of man 's [tries] to take control of his future and the progress of evolution , by becoming ‘ civilised ’ .

They gave up their attempts to cross the Swamp and set out instead to get round it .
they gave up their [tries] to cross the swamp and set out instead to get round it .

In principle a given plot of land produced one knight for a specified length of time each year ; to ensure that the service was regular and the responsibility clear , attempts were made — never very successfully , except for a time in England — to keep the holdings intact , to prevent their being divided between younger sons .
in principle a given plot of land produced one knight for a specified length of time each year ; to ensure that the service was regular and the responsibility clear , [tries] were made — never very successfully , except for a time in england — to keep the holdings intact , to prevent their being divided between younger sons .

Ambiguities of this kind constantly disturb our attempts to describe the social organization of Europe at this time ; and behind them all lies a more fundamental uncertainty .
ambiguities of this kind constantly disturb our [tries] to describe the social organization of europe at this time ; and behind them all lies a more fundamental uncertainty .

The Dover Harbour Board argued in the early 1980s that ferries would be both cheaper and more reliable than a fixed link , a stance later adopted by the Flexilink consortium of ferry companies in its attempts to convince Parliament that the Channel Tunnel would be a financial disaster .
the dover harbour board argued in the early 1980s that ferries would be both cheaper and more reliable than a fixed link , a stance later adopted by the flexilink consortium of ferry companies in its [tries] to convince parliament that the channel tunnel would be a financial disaster .

In 1972–3 full-time courses in the polytechnics began to offer computing studies as part of the normal curriculum and attempts were also made as early as 1969 to include a European language ; while the latter proved to be an irrelevance , the former has certainly not .
in 1972–3 full-time courses in the polytechnics began to offer computing studies as part of the normal curriculum and [tries] were also made as early as 1969 to include a european language ; while the latter proved to be an irrelevance , the former has certainly not .

However , creditors or other claimants whose attempts to sue a subsidiary go unsatisfied remain unlikely to be able to probe behind the separate legal personality of the companies to challenge the parent .
however , creditors or other claimants whose [tries] to sue a subsidiary go unsatisfied remain unlikely to be able to probe behind the separate legal personality of the companies to challenge the parent .

He argued that attempts to impose a maximum investment rate would in fact lead to a lower overall rate of growth than would an optimum one .
he argued that [tries] to impose a maximum investment rate would in fact lead to a lower overall rate of growth than would an optimum one .

‘ What could be less noble in reason , ’ he wrote , ‘ less infinite in faculty , than that man , despite his potentialities , should have fallen into such error in the use of himself , and in this way brought about such a lowering in his standard of functioning that in everything he attempts to accomplish , these harmful conditions tend to become more and more exaggerated . In consequence , how many people are there today of whom it may be said , as regards their use of themselves , ‘ in form and moving how express and admirable ’ ?
‘ what could be less noble in reason , ’ he wrote , ‘ less infinite in faculty , than that man , despite his potentialities , should have fallen into such error in the use of himself , and in this way brought about such a lowering in his standard of functioning that in everything he [tries] to accomplish , these harmful conditions tend to become more and more exaggerated . in consequence , how many people are there today of whom it may be said , as regards their use of themselves , ‘ in form and moving how express and admirable ’ ?

Fourteen months and four attempts later , the shop finally bought a lute — and placed an order for another .
fourteen months and four [tries] later , the shop finally bought a lute — and placed an order for another .

Polly James , as the matchmaker Frosine , is energetic and endlessly scheming as she attempts to marry off the daughter and her lover Valère , who is masquerading as the Miser 's steward , and the son and Mariane , who is also the object of the father 's desire .
polly james , as the matchmaker frosine , is energetic and endlessly scheming as she [tries] to marry off the daughter and her lover valère , who is masquerading as the miser 's steward , and the son and mariane , who is also the object of the father 's desire .

The moon was making gallant attempts to shine : every now and then it peeped through a chink in the scurrying clouds , and turned the puddles into little lakes of quicksilver .
the moon was making gallant [tries] to shine : every now and then it peeped through a chink in the scurrying clouds , and turned the puddles into little lakes of quicksilver .

Here , at Sally 's instigation , were many of the things Harriet remembered and loved from her childhood and growing-up years — the rosettes she had won with her pony , her graduation dress , her old collection of Osmond and Jackson records , her early attempts at photography , proudly framed , a pressed flower that reminded her of her first proper date .
here , at sally 's instigation , were many of the things harriet remembered and loved from her childhood and growing-up years — the rosettes she had won with her pony , her graduation dress , her old collection of osmond and jackson records , her early [tries] at photography , proudly framed , a pressed flower that reminded her of her first proper date .

Stormy , wet , windy , typical August weather , cormorants , wings flapping clockworklike against the force 5–6 wind , gulls gliding majestically , effortlessly over the wave tops , gannets swirling way up high before plummeting dramatically hurling themselves into the sea with terrific , surely painful splashes , then the puffins , taking off clumsily along the surface of the water , bouncing bomb style , crashing into successive wave crests in their attempts to stay clear of the bow , wildlife in abundance and this was only the view from the MacBraynes ferry ! Our appetites for a week 's paddle around the North Uist and the west coast of Harris had been wetted !
stormy , wet , windy , typical august weather , cormorants , wings flapping clockworklike against the force 5–6 wind , gulls gliding majestically , effortlessly over the wave tops , gannets swirling way up high before plummeting dramatically hurling themselves into the sea with terrific , surely painful splashes , then the puffins , taking off clumsily along the surface of the water , bouncing bomb style , crashing into successive wave crests in their [tries] to stay clear of the bow , wildlife in abundance and this was only the view from the macbraynes ferry ! our appetites for a week 's paddle around the north uist and the west coast of harris had been wetted !

Similarly , how does a moth perceive the ultrasonic acoustic radar signals of a bat ? Certainly , moths duck and weave in their escape attempts , for which their excellent wide spectrum sight is clearly advantageous . But do they see the radar signals , too ? And can they — by clever use of wing vibration or other sounds and squeaks , jam the bats ' radar by emission of confusing signals ?
similarly , how does a moth perceive the ultrasonic acoustic radar signals of a bat ? certainly , moths duck and weave in their escape [tries] , for which their excellent wide spectrum sight is clearly advantageous . but do they see the radar signals , too ? and can they — by clever use of wing vibration or other sounds and squeaks , jam the bats ' radar by emission of confusing signals ?

Our reductionist , analytical thinking attempts to form them , conceptually , into discrete linear pathways , but nature knows nothing of such superficial imaginings !
our reductionist , analytical thinking [tries] to form them , conceptually , into discrete linear pathways , but nature knows nothing of such superficial imaginings !

From ancient times , the significance of particular dates has survived centuries of attempts to stamp out the old pagan customs , and they are still popularly practised in many parts of the country .
from ancient times , the significance of particular dates has survived centuries of [tries] to stamp out the old pagan customs , and they are still popularly practised in many parts of the country .

Feng shui attempts to be aware of the flow of energies in the landscape , choosing the best sites , in terms of those energies , for the placing of a house , tomb , or other form of development .
feng shui [tries] to be aware of the flow of energies in the landscape , choosing the best sites , in terms of those energies , for the placing of a house , tomb , or other form of development .

Just as water can be diverted by earthen banks for the purposes of drainage or irrigation , so many earthworks and structures may have had their origins in attempts to channel earth energies . Ian Taylor speculates :
just as water can be diverted by earthen banks for the purposes of drainage or irrigation , so many earthworks and structures may have had their origins in [tries] to channel earth energies . ian taylor speculates :

Since the idea of earth energies was first put forward in the 1930s , attempts have been made to show that the ancient peoples could detect such energies and that , given the right conditions , we can do so today .
since the idea of earth energies was first put forward in the 1930s , [tries] have been made to show that the ancient peoples could detect such energies and that , given the right conditions , we can do so today .

The tale is slight ; a voyage on a luxury train during which a down-on-his-luck-but-permanently optimistic producer attempts to regain the services and the affections of the famous actress he helped become a star .
the tale is slight ; a voyage on a luxury train during which a down-on-his-luck-but-permanently optimistic producer [tries] to regain the services and the affections of the famous actress he helped become a star .

Yet another Messiah on ‘ early ’ instruments , conspiring no doubt to send retailers completely mad in their attempts to decide which of the many available readings they should plump for .
yet another messiah on ‘ early ’ instruments , conspiring no doubt to send retailers completely mad in their [tries] to decide which of the many available readings they should plump for .

Another of Marco Polo 's largely successful attempts to rewrite history .
another of marco polo 's largely successful [tries] to rewrite history .

She had made determined attempts at suicide by slashing her wrists several times .
she had made determined [tries] at suicide by slashing her wrists several times .

Our attempts to talk him out of this merely provoked his scorn .
our [tries] to talk him out of this merely provoked his scorn .

There have been many attempts to understand why certain materials cause blood coagulation and many suggestions have been made as to how to overcome the problem .
there have been many [tries] to understand why certain materials cause blood coagulation and many suggestions have been made as to how to overcome the problem .

There have been many attempts to produce haemocompatible materials and some researchers have suggested that the key to producing such materials is to have a negatively charged surface .
there have been many [tries] to produce haemocompatible materials and some researchers have suggested that the key to producing such materials is to have a negatively charged surface .

Much of the Press coverage of library censorship tends to be concerned with attempts to censor so-called obscene and indecent literature .
much of the press coverage of library censorship tends to be concerned with [tries] to censor so-called obscene and indecent literature .

One might reasonably ask why the Library Association , the body responsible for all professional matters concerned with the operation of libraries , including attempts to impose acts of censorship in libraries , did not itself initiate legal action against the News International ban . In fact under the terms of the Public Libraries and Museums Act 1964 , it was the duty of the Minister for the Arts to act :
one might reasonably ask why the library association , the body responsible for all professional matters concerned with the operation of libraries , including [tries] to impose acts of censorship in libraries , did not itself initiate legal action against the news international ban . in fact under the terms of the public libraries and museums act 1964 , it was the duty of the minister for the arts to act :

Brave attempts have been made by certain experts to write down the different miaows , in order to classify and standardize them .
brave [tries] have been made by certain experts to write down the different miaows , in order to classify and standardize them .

Again , attempts have been made to classify purrs into different types , but they all carry the same basic message of friendliness .
again , [tries] have been made to classify purrs into different types , but they all carry the same basic message of friendliness .

If there is no wool available to them , cats with an urge to re-create the pleasures of sucking at the maternal nipple have been known to suck their own fur , sometimes their feet and sometimes the tips of their tails ; or they occasionally develop a fixation on their owner 's hair and make repeated attempts to suck on that , if they are given half a chance .
if there is no wool available to them , cats with an urge to re-create the pleasures of sucking at the maternal nipple have been known to suck their own fur , sometimes their feet and sometimes the tips of their tails ; or they occasionally develop a fixation on their owner 's hair and make repeated [tries] to suck on that , if they are given half a chance .

In studying these movements attempts have been made to assess the comparative abundance of each species .
in studying these movements [tries] have been made to assess the comparative abundance of each species .

Three attempts to census the total population have been made after the breeding season , in July 1953 , January 1967 and 1968 , and July 1971 .
three [tries] to census the total population have been made after the breeding season , in july 1953 , january 1967 and 1968 , and july 1971 .

An experienced nurse should demonstrate a new nursing skill before the learner attempts it herself .
an experienced nurse should demonstrate a new nursing skill before the learner [tries] it herself .

Several attempts were made to construct such a theory by such people as Watson , Thorndike , Hull , Tolman and Köhler and his colleagues .
several [tries] were made to construct such a theory by such people as watson , thorndike , hull , tolman and köhler and his colleagues .

This reaction produced attempts to apply scientific principles and procedures to the study of human functioning .
this reaction produced [tries] to apply scientific principles and procedures to the study of human functioning .

The air crews used to flock around the office even more now that she was with us , and in particular a navigator called Henry who made numerous attempts to date her .
the air crews used to flock around the office even more now that she was with us , and in particular a navigator called henry who made numerous [tries] to date her .

This course is designed to provide a solid grounding in Philosophy as a central part of our cultural heritage , as a highly-developed academic discipline with its own distinctive concepts and methods , and as an activity which attempts to deal with fundamental aspects of the theoretical and practical problems facing us today .
this course is designed to provide a solid grounding in philosophy as a central part of our cultural heritage , as a highly-developed academic discipline with its own distinctive concepts and methods , and as an activity which [tries] to deal with fundamental aspects of the theoretical and practical problems facing us today .

Her attempts to teach them a step was hysterical .
her [tries] to teach them a step was hysterical .

Despite all attempts to fulfil his artistic ideals by being in London and in contract with all the leading painters of the time , he found it strangely frustrating .
despite all [tries] to fulfil his artistic ideals by being in london and in contract with all the leading painters of the time , he found it strangely frustrating .

It was one of man 's more successful attempts at curbing the forces of nature .
it was one of man 's more successful [tries] at curbing the forces of nature .

Many of the definitions given are very general , for example that of Scriven : ‘ evaluation attempts to answer certain types of questions about certain entities ’ .
many of the definitions given are very general , for example that of scriven : ‘ evaluation [tries] to answer certain types of questions about certain entities ’ .

Evaluation , which is based on attempts to measure the realization of pre-specified goals and objectives , must , in this case be multi-faceted , concerned with library use and information skills , attitudes to libraries , effects of various instructional programmes , and use of a given library or information resources .
evaluation , which is based on [tries] to measure the realization of pre-specified goals and objectives , must , in this case be multi-faceted , concerned with library use and information skills , attitudes to libraries , effects of various instructional programmes , and use of a given library or information resources .

Attempts are made to improve existing courses , either as a result of personal observations , or from discussions with participating students .
[tries] are made to improve existing courses , either as a result of personal observations , or from discussions with participating students .

Attempts were also made to evaluate the effects of the self-instructional orientation material , by means of observations of how students performed a series of tasks .
[tries] were also made to evaluate the effects of the self-instructional orientation material , by means of observations of how students performed a series of tasks .

Each attempts to provide as much information as possible from within the clearinghouse 's own resources , but there is also a strong element of referral in the service .
each [tries] to provide as much information as possible from within the clearinghouse 's own resources , but there is also a strong element of referral in the service .

It has already been noted that obstructive attitudes can prevent progress in therapy , and that such attitudes can usually be identified by carefully analysing the patient 's attempts to achieve goals and the reason for failure .
it has already been noted that obstructive attitudes can prevent progress in therapy , and that such attitudes can usually be identified by carefully analysing the patient 's [tries] to achieve goals and the reason for failure .

Unfortunately this behaviour is not confined to non-fatal attempts ; suicides also occur in hospital ( Levy and Southcombe 1953 ; Hawton 1978 ; Crammer 1984 ) .
unfortunately this behaviour is not confined to non-fatal [tries] ; suicides also occur in hospital ( levy and southcombe 1953 ; hawton 1978 ; crammer 1984 ) .

Although the proportion of deliberate self-poisoning or self-injury patients who require psychiatric inpatient care is fairly small , this group is of special importance because it includes those most likely to have serious psychiatric disorders , those at special risk of suicide or further attempts , and some patients who pose very difficult management problems .
although the proportion of deliberate self-poisoning or self-injury patients who require psychiatric inpatient care is fairly small , this group is of special importance because it includes those most likely to have serious psychiatric disorders , those at special risk of suicide or further [tries] , and some patients who pose very difficult management problems .

Probably most serious attempts at suicide in which some form of self-injury is inflicted result in death .
probably most serious [tries] at suicide in which some form of self-injury is inflicted result in death .

As a result , the alternative models proposed to deal with the needs of the large number of patients brought to general hospitals after suicide attempts have included a reassessment of the role of psychiatrists , physicians , and non-medically qualified therapists .
as a result , the alternative models proposed to deal with the needs of the large number of patients brought to general hospitals after suicide [tries] have included a reassessment of the role of psychiatrists , physicians , and non-medically qualified therapists .

Suicide attempters are usually experiencing considerable personal unhappiness and social difficulties which often improve after their attempts ( p. 46 ) .
suicide attempters are usually experiencing considerable personal unhappiness and social difficulties which often improve after their [tries] ( p. 46 ) .

Secondary prevention , on the other hand , should always be a concern of the therapist involved in the management of patients who have already made attempts .
secondary prevention , on the other hand , should always be a concern of the therapist involved in the management of patients who have already made [tries] .

As discussed in Chapter 3 , a good deal is known about the circumstances associated with suicide attempts .
as discussed in chapter 3 , a good deal is known about the circumstances associated with suicide [tries] .

For example , it is known that attempts usually follow acute and serious interpersonal conflict , that chronic difficulties and social problems are common , and that a large proportion of patients have taken steps to gain help from their family doctors before the attempt .
for example , it is known that [tries] usually follow acute and serious interpersonal conflict , that chronic difficulties and social problems are common , and that a large proportion of patients have taken steps to gain help from their family doctors before the attempt .

However , no services have been developed explicitly for the prevention of suicide attempts .
however , no services have been developed explicitly for the prevention of suicide [tries] .

While there was a marked increase in referrals to the Samaritans during and after the showing of the series , there was no change in the number of suicide attempts during the relevant periods .
while there was a marked increase in referrals to the samaritans during and after the showing of the series , there was no change in the number of suicide [tries] during the relevant periods .

The overall impression resulting from these findings is that emergency services specifically designed for potential attempters might be of benefit to some , but the impulsive nature of the act , and the fact that the attempt often appears to be carried out with a particular purpose not related to help-seeking , but aimed at someone in close proximity , reduces the chances of preventing suicide attempts by this method alone .
the overall impression resulting from these findings is that emergency services specifically designed for potential attempters might be of benefit to some , but the impulsive nature of the act , and the fact that the attempt often appears to be carried out with a particular purpose not related to help-seeking , but aimed at someone in close proximity , reduces the chances of preventing suicide [tries] by this method alone .

The suicide attempt rates , however , remained essentially unchanged , although in other areas the rates of suicide attempts continued to increase ( Kreitman 1977 ) .
the suicide attempt rates , however , remained essentially unchanged , although in other areas the rates of suicide [tries] continued to increase ( kreitman 1977 ) .

The high proportion of suicide attempters who visit their general practitioners not long before making attempts has already been noted ( Chapter 3 ) .
the high proportion of suicide attempters who visit their general practitioners not long before making [tries] has already been noted ( chapter 3 ) .

When patients who did not contact their general practitioners before their attempts were questioned about why they had not gone to their doctor , it was found that many were reluctant to trouble him , some had found him unhelpful in the fist , and others thought he was unlikely to be helpful or might even be unsympathetic ( Hawton and Blackstock 1976 ) .
when patients who did not contact their general practitioners before their [tries] were questioned about why they had not gone to their doctor , it was found that many were reluctant to trouble him , some had found him unhelpful in the fist , and others thought he was unlikely to be helpful or might even be unsympathetic ( hawton and blackstock 1976 ) .

Recognition of those individuals likely to make attempts is only part of the process of prevention .
recognition of those individuals likely to make [tries] is only part of the process of prevention .

Opinions vary as to whether more cautious and rational use of these drugs by general practitioners leading to a reduction in prescribing of tranquillizers and antidepressants would result in a decline in the number of suicide attempts ( Kreitman 1977 ) .
opinions vary as to whether more cautious and rational use of these drugs by general practitioners leading to a reduction in prescribing of tranquillizers and antidepressants would result in a decline in the number of suicide [tries] ( kreitman 1977 ) .

In addition , suicide attempts were usually regarded as implying a wish to die and the existence of mental illness , while less acceptable reasons , such as manipulation of others , were infrequently considered .
in addition , suicide [tries] were usually regarded as implying a wish to die and the existence of mental illness , while less acceptable reasons , such as manipulation of others , were infrequently considered .

( 1975 ) have suggested that increased public education about the facts of attempted suicide , as opposed to commonly held beliefs , might contribute to the development of less favourable attitudes , which in turn might lead to a reduction in suicide attempts .
( 1975 ) have suggested that increased public education about the facts of attempted suicide , as opposed to commonly held beliefs , might contribute to the development of less favourable attitudes , which in turn might lead to a reduction in suicide [tries] .

The knowledge that attempted suicide is more common among those of lower socioeconomic status and in socially deprived areas , and that attempts often occur against the background of financial and employment problems , suggests that prevention will to some extent depend on political and social factors .
the knowledge that attempted suicide is more common among those of lower socioeconomic status and in socially deprived areas , and that [tries] often occur against the background of financial and employment problems , suggests that prevention will to some extent depend on political and social factors .

The obvious meaning of secondary prevention in relation to attempted suicide is reduction in the likelihood of further attempts .
the obvious meaning of secondary prevention in relation to attempted suicide is reduction in the likelihood of further [tries] .

In addition to , secondary prevention could also be applied to the alleviation of social and psychological difficulties which might lead to attempts .
in addition to , secondary prevention could also be applied to the alleviation of social and psychological difficulties which might lead to [tries] .

In the first of these studies , Greer and Bagley ( 1971 ) found after an 18-month follow-up that patients who had received no psychiatric attention before discharge from hospital after attempts repeated more often ( 39 per cent ) than those who had received either brief psychiatric contact ( 26 per cent repeated ) or more prolonged psychiatric contact ( 20 per cent repeated ) .
in the first of these studies , greer and bagley ( 1971 ) found after an 18-month follow-up that patients who had received no psychiatric attention before discharge from hospital after [tries] repeated more often ( 39 per cent ) than those who had received either brief psychiatric contact ( 26 per cent repeated ) or more prolonged psychiatric contact ( 20 per cent repeated ) .

In a second study , Kennedy ( 1972 ) found that repetition after 1 year was less common in patients admitted to the Edinburgh Regional Poisoning Treatment Centre ( 12 per cent ) than in those who made attempts and were not referred to the Centre , irrespective of whether the latter were referred to psychiatrists elsewhere ( 38 per cent repeated ) or not ( 37 per cent repeated ) .
in a second study , kennedy ( 1972 ) found that repetition after 1 year was less common in patients admitted to the edinburgh regional poisoning treatment centre ( 12 per cent ) than in those who made [tries] and were not referred to the centre , irrespective of whether the latter were referred to psychiatrists elsewhere ( 38 per cent repeated ) or not ( 37 per cent repeated ) .

When the groups were matched for those with and without a history of previous attempts , the difference between patients admitted to the Centre and those who were not persisted .
when the groups were matched for those with and without a history of previous [tries] , the difference between patients admitted to the centre and those who were not persisted .

( 1973 ) in Edinburgh concentrated on patients who had already made repeat attempts .
( 1973 ) in edinburgh concentrated on patients who had already made repeat [tries] .

No differences in terms of further attempts or of completed suicide were found between the two groups after a 5-year follow-up .
no differences in terms of further [tries] or of completed suicide were found between the two groups after a 5-year follow-up .

There is only one reported example of successful prevention of repetition of further attempts .
there is only one reported example of successful prevention of repetition of further [tries] .

In a double-blind placebo controlled trial , intramuscular flupenthixol was effective in reducing the number of further attempts in a small group of patients with a history of two or more episodes ( Montgomery et al .
in a double-blind placebo controlled trial , intramuscular flupenthixol was effective in reducing the number of further [tries] in a small group of patients with a history of two or more episodes ( montgomery et al .

Liberman and Eckman ( 1981 ) compared the effects of behaviour therapy and insight-oriented therapy in the inpatient treatment of patients with a history of at least two recent attempts .
liberman and eckman ( 1981 ) compared the effects of behaviour therapy and insight-oriented therapy in the inpatient treatment of patients with a history of at least two recent [tries] .

Patients in both treatment groups made significantly less attempts after treatment than in the two years before the study , but the lack of an untreated control group means that the efficacy of the treatments in preventing further attempts remains open to question .
patients in both treatment groups made significantly less [tries] after treatment than in the two years before the study , but the lack of an untreated control group means that the efficacy of the treatments in preventing further [tries] remains open to question .

This would certainly occur if the rates of suicides among those who make attempts continue at the levels mentioned earlier ( p. 21 ) .
this would certainly occur if the rates of suicides among those who make [tries] continue at the levels mentioned earlier ( p. 21 ) .

Crime has persistently interested and worried people , and attempts to make sense of crime and criminal behaviour have appeared in literary and intellectual writings throughout the ages .
crime has persistently interested and worried people , and [tries] to make sense of crime and criminal behaviour have appeared in literary and intellectual writings throughout the ages .

Thus , it has been suggested that the attempts to re-organise football in a more businesslike manner , to make it more professional , have alienated young working-class fans from their football clubs .
thus , it has been suggested that the [tries] to re-organise football in a more businesslike manner , to make it more professional , have alienated young working-class fans from their football clubs .

There are a number of problems to be found in the attempts to explain the low level of female crime as being due to physical or mental maladjustment .
there are a number of problems to be found in the [tries] to explain the low level of female crime as being due to physical or mental maladjustment .

We will consider , firstly , the question of omission ; then we will examine the issues concerned with bias in the statistics ; and thirdly we will look at attempts to overcome some of the problems with the official criminal statistics .
we will consider , firstly , the question of omission ; then we will examine the issues concerned with bias in the statistics ; and thirdly we will look at [tries] to overcome some of the problems with the official criminal statistics .

In the last section of this chapter we will examine the attempts that have been made to find out more about the actual extent of crime , and to provide some sort of indication of the ‘ dark figure ’ of crime and to discover the ‘ real ’ rather than the recorded rate and character of crime .
in the last section of this chapter we will examine the [tries] that have been made to find out more about the actual extent of crime , and to provide some sort of indication of the ‘ dark figure ’ of crime and to discover the ‘ real ’ rather than the recorded rate and character of crime .

The two major forms such attempts have taken are victim studies and self-report studies .
the two major forms such [tries] have taken are victim studies and self-report studies .

Attempts that have been made to check the ‘ honesty ’ of respondents have indicated that about a quarter of respondents are liable to conceal information .
[tries] that have been made to check the ‘ honesty ’ of respondents have indicated that about a quarter of respondents are liable to conceal information .

Attempts to remedy the deficiencies in these statistics suffer from a number of problems and difficulties themselves .
[tries] to remedy the deficiencies in these statistics suffer from a number of problems and difficulties themselves .

Later in the book , Mars attempts to put fiddles into context , to point out the conditions that favour them and the places where they are most likely to flourish .
later in the book , mars [tries] to put fiddles into context , to point out the conditions that favour them and the places where they are most likely to flourish .

For about twenty-five years or more prior to the Poor Law Commission designating ‘ boy labour ’ a social problem , several attempts had been made to deal with the youth question by enrolling older children and young adolescents in a socially conservative youth movement , whose main features were discipline , religion , and organized leisure .
for about twenty-five years or more prior to the poor law commission designating ‘ boy labour ’ a social problem , several [tries] had been made to deal with the youth question by enrolling older children and young adolescents in a socially conservative youth movement , whose main features were discipline , religion , and organized leisure .

We should , however , appreciate the close relationship that existed between the philosophical beliefs and the political doctrine , which not only manifested itself in the convergence of interests with respect to social problems and class politics , but also provided the proposed reform in education ( and other attempts to ‘ educate ’ young workers , such as the club movement ) with a certain authority .
we should , however , appreciate the close relationship that existed between the philosophical beliefs and the political doctrine , which not only manifested itself in the convergence of interests with respect to social problems and class politics , but also provided the proposed reform in education ( and other [tries] to ‘ educate ’ young workers , such as the club movement ) with a certain authority .

In Europe a number of countries participate in the European Monetary System which attempts to stabilise exchange rates and thereby facilitate trade and investment flows between trading partners .
in europe a number of countries participate in the european monetary system which [tries] to stabilise exchange rates and thereby facilitate trade and investment flows between trading partners .

Therefore , while most of the effort in preparing plans is put in by the business units , the planning department attempts to guide the strategic discussion by identifying key environmental issues .
therefore , while most of the effort in preparing plans is put in by the business units , the planning department [tries] to guide the strategic discussion by identifying key environmental issues .

Furthermore , attempts to use sophisticated IT-based systems to help to solve the problem often seem merely to aggravate it !
furthermore , [tries] to use sophisticated it-based systems to help to solve the problem often seem merely to aggravate it !

There has not been a rigorous research study which attempts to relate the cluster of managerial viewpoints concerning strategic uses of information resources and information technology to the information services infrastructure of organisations .
there has not been a rigorous research study which [tries] to relate the cluster of managerial viewpoints concerning strategic uses of information resources and information technology to the information services infrastructure of organisations .

Attempts to snare even rabbits became dangerous forays .
[tries] to snare even rabbits became dangerous forays .

In terms of educational provision and state policies , the case-study countries represent a wide spectrum , from variably successful attempts to universalize basic education ( Zimbabwe , Mozambique , Zambia , Nicaragua , Costa Rica ) ; to widespread neglect of large sections of the population ( El Salvador , Honduras , Sudan ) ; to a history of active discrimination against particular sections of it ( Guatemala , South Africa , Namibia ) .
in terms of educational provision and state policies , the case-study countries represent a wide spectrum , from variably successful [tries] to universalize basic education ( zimbabwe , mozambique , zambia , nicaragua , costa rica ) ; to widespread neglect of large sections of the population ( el salvador , honduras , sudan ) ; to a history of active discrimination against particular sections of it ( guatemala , south africa , namibia ) .

Subsequent attempts to diversify the economy have foundered not only on corruption and inefficiency , though these have played a part , but because Zambia could not mobilize the funds for new investment , since the growing debt burden took a larger and larger share of the national cake .
subsequent [tries] to diversify the economy have foundered not only on corruption and inefficiency , though these have played a part , but because zambia could not mobilize the funds for new investment , since the growing debt burden took a larger and larger share of the national cake .

According to Amnesty International , human rights abuses have intensified since a series of abortive coup attempts by the army starting in May 1988 .
according to amnesty international , human rights abuses have intensified since a series of abortive coup [tries] by the army starting in may 1988 .

While the education system has been a major target for opponents of apartheid since the 1953 Bantu Education Act , it was not until the 1980s that more concrete attempts were made to formulate ideas for another kind of education system .
while the education system has been a major target for opponents of apartheid since the 1953 bantu education act , it was not until the 1980s that more concrete [tries] were made to formulate ideas for another kind of education system .

What they learn will depend upon the content of their parents ' demands , but the initial disposition towards compliance may be critical for the effectiveness of all further attempts at discipline and social training .
what they learn will depend upon the content of their parents ' demands , but the initial disposition towards compliance may be critical for the effectiveness of all further [tries] at discipline and social training .

An extremely ‘ permissive ’ parent , on the other hand , attempts to behave in a non-punitive , accepting and affirmative manner towards children 's impulses , desires and actions ; always to consult with them about policy decisions and give explanations for family rules ; to make few demands for household responsibility and orderly behaviour ; to present himself/herself to them as someone to call upon for help and company as they wish , rather than as an active ‘ disciplinary agent ’ responsible for shaping or altering behaviour .
an extremely ‘ permissive ’ parent , on the other hand , [tries] to behave in a non-punitive , accepting and affirmative manner towards children 's impulses , desires and actions ; always to consult with them about policy decisions and give explanations for family rules ; to make few demands for household responsibility and orderly behaviour ; to present himself/herself to them as someone to call upon for help and company as they wish , rather than as an active ‘ disciplinary agent ’ responsible for shaping or altering behaviour .

This kind of parent ( let us take the mother as our example ) attempts to direct her child 's activities in a rational manner determined by the issues involved in particular disciplinary situations .
this kind of parent ( let us take the mother as our example ) [tries] to direct her child 's activities in a rational manner determined by the issues involved in particular disciplinary situations .

This chapter attempts to raise some of the contextual issues that impinge on the inner-city debate .
this chapter [tries] to raise some of the contextual issues that impinge on the inner-city debate .

Attempts were to be made to ensure that the cities would continue to do well out of the rate-support grant .
[tries] were to be made to ensure that the cities would continue to do well out of the rate-support grant .

These constraints were , of course , apparent when Partnerships were created in 1977 : attempts to bring together different tiers of government and different departments of either local or central administration have proved consistently complex to implement .
these constraints were , of course , apparent when partnerships were created in 1977 : [tries] to bring together different tiers of government and different departments of either local or central administration have proved consistently complex to implement .

But increasingly attempts are made to monitor a more general concept : the degree of confidence consumers have in the economy and in their own purchasing power .
but increasingly [tries] are made to monitor a more general concept : the degree of confidence consumers have in the economy and in their own purchasing power .

The third goal attempts to focus the data analyst 's attention on data points that are unusual for a substantive reason , not just because of the shape of the distribution .
the third goal [tries] to focus the data analyst 's attention on data points that are unusual for a substantive reason , not just because of the shape of the distribution .

Some philosophers have tried to define cause in terms of statistical association , but such attempts have been unsuccessful ; they are radically different concepts .
some philosophers have tried to define cause in terms of statistical association , but such [tries] have been unsuccessful ; they are radically different concepts .

In Tanzania , for example , the Dodoma section of the semi-arid central region has a long history of both accelerated soil erosion and attempts at conservation .
in tanzania , for example , the dodoma section of the semi-arid central region has a long history of both accelerated soil erosion and [tries] at conservation .

There have been a number of published attempts to provide solutions to the cross-area aggregation , or ‘ areal interpolation ’ problem ( Goodchild and Lam 1980 ; Lam 1983 ) .
there have been a number of published [tries] to provide solutions to the cross-area aggregation , or ‘ areal interpolation ’ problem ( goodchild and lam 1980 ; lam 1983 ) .

Previous attempts to estimate entire populations , especially of Third World cities , include studies by Ogrosky ( 1975 ) , Lo and Welch ( 1977 ) and Han ( 1985 ) .
previous [tries] to estimate entire populations , especially of third world cities , include studies by ogrosky ( 1975 ) , lo and welch ( 1977 ) and han ( 1985 ) .

Since a faithful classification of land cover is an essential component in the proposed scheme , several attempts were made in an effort to obtain a consistent and suitably detailed product .
since a faithful classification of land cover is an essential component in the proposed scheme , several [tries] were made in an effort to obtain a consistent and suitably detailed product .

Blakemore ( 1984 ) attempts to estimate the uncertainty caused by cartographic line thickness and associated digitizer error by adapting an idea forwarded originally by Perkal ( 1966 ) .
blakemore ( 1984 ) [tries] to estimate the uncertainty caused by cartographic line thickness and associated digitizer error by adapting an idea forwarded originally by perkal ( 1966 ) .

This chapter , then , attempts to review some of the problems in environmental monitoring and prediction , describes some of the relevant scientific and organizational activities and looks ahead to what is likely to happen next .
this chapter , then , [tries] to review some of the problems in environmental monitoring and prediction , describes some of the relevant scientific and organizational activities and looks ahead to what is likely to happen next .

These efforts should be regarded as exciting explorations and attempts to show the beauty that throngs around us , both within the senses and outside of them .
these efforts should be regarded as exciting explorations and [tries] to show the beauty that throngs around us , both within the senses and outside of them .

Sydney Smirke said that he had a great regard for Scott , but the profession should resist ‘ the attempts of a certain set of mediaeval dilettanti to force on us their thirteenth-century style ’ .
sydney smirke said that he had a great regard for scott , but the profession should resist ‘ the [tries] of a certain set of mediaeval dilettanti to force on us their thirteenth-century style ’ .

It favours neither Classic nor Gothic and attempts to explain Lamb 's eclectic approach with such comments as :
it favours neither classic nor gothic and [tries] to explain lamb 's eclectic approach with such comments as :

Holidays and business trips abroad are now commonplace occurrences and an elaborate network of international communication attempts to ensure the safety of travellers by land , sea and air .
holidays and business trips abroad are now commonplace occurrences and an elaborate network of international communication [tries] to ensure the safety of travellers by land , sea and air .

When Sydney ’ s father observes that this suggestion is not sucient for her to succeed , he oers additional support , “ Find a piece that looks like this shape and matches this color ” and “ Turn it. ” His statements contain strategies ( attending to color and shape , patiently adjusting pieces so they ﬁt ) that Sydney can use in future attempts .
when sydney ’ s father observes that this suggestion is not sucient for her to succeed , he oers additional support , “ find a piece that looks like this shape and matches this color ” and “ turn it. ” his statements contain strategies ( attending to color and shape , patiently adjusting pieces so they ﬁt ) that sydney can use in future [tries] .

Aspects of adult behavior—warmth , dramatic quality , and attempts to get the child to participate actively—heighten children ’ s interest and involvement in reading.95 An interested child is more likely to request shared reading times , notice features of print that are important for reading , ask questions about them , and ( later on ) read on his or her own .
aspects of adult behavior—warmth , dramatic quality , and [tries] to get the child to participate actively—heighten children ’ s interest and involvement in reading.95 an interested child is more likely to request shared reading times , notice features of print that are important for reading , ask questions about them , and ( later on ) read on his or her own .

Parents of these youngsters often appear to be good people , having provided their children with material comforts and having responded with anguish , remorse , and attempts to do the right thing in the face of their child ’ s previous and current grievous behavior .
parents of these youngsters often appear to be good people , having provided their children with material comforts and having responded with anguish , remorse , and [tries] to do the right thing in the face of their child ’ s previous and current grievous behavior .

Many lean retailing practices are rooted in retailers ’ attempts to deal with growing demand uncertainty .
many lean retailing practices are rooted in retailers ’ [tries] to deal with growing demand uncertainty .

Attempts were then made to cut several plies of cloth at the same time .
[tries] were then made to cut several plies of cloth at the same time .

The second approach to mass customization attempts to overcome some of these problems by optically scanning the customer with light beams in a private area of the store .
the second approach to mass customization [tries] to overcome some of these problems by optically scanning the customer with light beams in a private area of the store .

In fact , a supplier that attempts to provide rapid replenishment without any other innovations may end up performing poorly from the perspective of its retail customers .
in fact , a supplier that [tries] to provide rapid replenishment without any other innovations may end up performing poorly from the perspective of its retail customers .

Wittgenstein wrote persuasively that the same systematic diYculty was lodged in attempts to reduce one language game to another , for example , from a description of a legal event to a description in terms of mere human actions to a description in terms of physical events .
wittgenstein wrote persuasively that the same systematic diyculty was lodged in [tries] to reduce one language game to another , for example , from a description of a legal event to a description in terms of mere human actions to a description in terms of physical events .

Given rather general assumptions on the probability per pair of species of who eats or kills what , assigned more or less randomly , then as the number of species , hence pairs of species increase , such communities can fill up in the presence of persistent attempts at invasion .
given rather general assumptions on the probability per pair of species of who eats or kills what , assigned more or less randomly , then as the number of species , hence pairs of species increase , such communities can fill up in the presence of persistent [tries] at invasion .

For example , in attempts to build quantum computers that can carry out more than one calculation simultaneously due to the linear features of quantum mechanics , actual decoherence is currently a technical hurdle in obtaining complex quantum calculations .
for example , in [tries] to build quantum computers that can carry out more than one calculation simultaneously due to the linear features of quantum mechanics , actual decoherence is currently a technical hurdle in obtaining complex quantum calculations .

Because strings have finite length , string theory can hope to overcome the infinities that emerge when attempts are made to marry point particle quantum theories with general relativity in a continuous space-time .
because strings have finite length , string theory can hope to overcome the infinities that emerge when [tries] are made to marry point particle quantum theories with general relativity in a continuous space-time .

During the 1990s they made numerous attempts to de-stabilize his regime , finally resorting to attacking the mainstay of the Egyptian economy — tourism — and several despicable attacks on foreign visitors resulted in over 60 deaths .
during the 1990s they made numerous [tries] to de-stabilize his regime , finally resorting to attacking the mainstay of the egyptian economy — tourism — and several despicable attacks on foreign visitors resulted in over 60 deaths .

Two of his ships were abandoned in the harbor but , despite many attempts by archaeologists to locate them , they have never been found .
two of his ships were abandoned in the harbor but , despite many [tries] by archaeologists to locate them , they have never been found .

In the past there have been several attempts to drain the wetlands , but this damaged not only the Great Morass but also areas of the coral reef offshore .
in the past there have been several [tries] to drain the wetlands , but this damaged not only the great morass but also areas of the coral reef offshore .

Indians applauded the decision of Lord Ripon to allow Indian magistrates to try British defendants in criminal cases , but attempts at social reform such as protecting child brides against rape by their husbands were fought by traditionalist Hindus from Calcutta and Pune with cries of “ religion in danger .
indians applauded the decision of lord ripon to allow indian magistrates to try british defendants in criminal cases , but [tries] at social reform such as protecting child brides against rape by their husbands were fought by traditionalist hindus from calcutta and pune with cries of “ religion in danger .

This happened in response to attempts on the part of 19th-century industrialists and businessmen to exploit the area ’ s natural resources .
this happened in response to [tries] on the part of 19th-century industrialists and businessmen to exploit the area ’ s natural resources .

Two rather half-hearted Spanish attempts to establish footholds on Guadeloupe were repulsed by the Caribs .
two rather half-hearted spanish [tries] to establish footholds on guadeloupe were repulsed by the caribs .

The next two centuries were characterized by unrest and repeated attempts by the Irish to rid themselves of their Norman overlords .
the next two centuries were characterized by unrest and repeated [tries] by the irish to rid themselves of their norman overlords .

Hardly catering to locals , Universal City ’ s CityWalk attempts to snag tourist dollars with its extensive collection of retail wonders , including magic shops , toy stores , sports shops , and a host of science fiction memorabilia .
hardly catering to locals , universal city ’ s citywalk [tries] to snag tourist dollars with its extensive collection of retail wonders , including magic shops , toy stores , sports shops , and a host of science fiction memorabilia .

Despite his attempts to quell the extremists , Robespierre was overthrown and guillotined in the counterattack of the propertied classes .
despite his [tries] to quell the extremists , robespierre was overthrown and guillotined in the counterattack of the propertied classes .

Attempts at reform came too late ; by 1876 the government was bankrupt .
[tries] at reform came too late ; by 1876 the government was bankrupt .

In spite of British attempts to appease both sides , Arab attacks on Jewish settlers became common , Jews retaliated , and the British imposed restrictions on Jewish immigration .
in spite of british [tries] to appease both sides , arab attacks on jewish settlers became common , jews retaliated , and the british imposed restrictions on jewish immigration .

The port area has resisted attempts at gentrification and fairly swaggers with macho atmosphere .
the port area has resisted [tries] at gentrification and fairly swaggers with macho atmosphere .

His attempts to limit the opium trade met with resistance by the Chinese in Bau , who revolted .
his [tries] to limit the opium trade met with resistance by the chinese in bau , who revolted .

The strong regional identity of the south has repeatedly foiled attempts to spread Hindi and make it the national language here .
the strong regional identity of the south has repeatedly foiled [tries] to spread hindi and make it the national language here .

Extra time , too , is required if you with to attempt the climb up Mount Mulu ( 2,376 m/7,793 ft ) , whose summit was successfully reached by Lord Shackelton in 1932 after earlier known attempts in the nineteenth century had failed .
extra time , too , is required if you with to attempt the climb up mount mulu ( 2,376 m/7,793 ft ) , whose summit was successfully reached by lord shackelton in 1932 after earlier known [tries] in the nineteenth century had failed .

The origins of the Botanic Gardens , on Holland Road , date as far back as 1836 , when a voluntary society hoped to build on earlier failed attempts at establishing a garden .
the origins of the botanic gardens , on holland road , date as far back as 1836 , when a voluntary society hoped to build on earlier failed [tries] at establishing a garden .

There was a succession of right-wing attempts to govern and Spain floundered in a sea of political strikes and violence .
there was a succession of right-wing [tries] to govern and spain floundered in a sea of political strikes and violence .

Rising fuel costs mean that water-skiing is becoming an expensive sport ; all the more reason to double-check rival schools for length of runs , number of attempts allowed for “ getting up , ” and discounts for multiple runs .
rising fuel costs mean that water-skiing is becoming an expensive sport ; all the more reason to double-check rival schools for length of runs , number of [tries] allowed for “ getting up , ” and discounts for multiple runs .

The fortress even withstood an earthquake in 1644 , as well as attempts by the Austrian Archduke Charles to blast his way in during the War of the Spanish Succession .
the fortress even withstood an earthquake in 1644 , as well as [tries] by the austrian archduke charles to blast his way in during the war of the spanish succession .

Despite some serious attempts by English and Dutch forces , the fort was never forcibly taken .
despite some serious [tries] by english and dutch forces , the fort was never forcibly taken .

Widespread discontent arose from continued government instability , futile attempts to modernize the economy , and coffers depleted from the cost of maintaining overseas colonies .
widespread discontent arose from continued government instability , futile [tries] to modernize the economy , and coffers depleted from the cost of maintaining overseas colonies .

The words lunar and alien are worked to exhaustion in attempts to describe the area , and still scarcely do justice to the dramatic scenery .
the words lunar and alien are worked to exhaustion in [tries] to describe the area , and still scarcely do justice to the dramatic scenery .

There were sporadic attempts at revolt , often launched from remote mountain strongholds where rebels could survive in safety .
there were sporadic [tries] at revolt , often launched from remote mountain strongholds where rebels could survive in safety .

Ancient Greeks did not attempt to sail around but portaged their huge vessels across the 6 km ( 4 mile ) wide isthmus , and as early as a.d. 67 , the Roman Emperor Nero was making the first attempts at cutting a canal .
ancient greeks did not attempt to sail around but portaged their huge vessels across the 6 km ( 4 mile ) wide isthmus , and as early as a.d. 67 , the roman emperor nero was making the first [tries] at cutting a canal .

Uniformed teams of porters transport the sleds on shoulder harnesses and each team playfully attempts to be faster than their rivals , much to the amusement of the large crowd .
uniformed teams of porters transport the sleds on shoulder harnesses and each team playfully [tries] to be faster than their rivals , much to the amusement of the large crowd .

The robust barrio weathered attempts to tame and tether it as part of the 1992 waterfront sterilization scheme , but it has mostly survived .
the robust barrio weathered [tries] to tame and tether it as part of the 1992 waterfront sterilization scheme , but it has mostly survived .

Evans ’ subsequent attempts to recreate areas of the palace have met with intense criticism from other scholars but Knossós is now Crete ’ s premier attraction and rightly so .
evans ’ subsequent [tries] to recreate areas of the palace have met with intense criticism from other scholars but knossós is now crete ’ s premier attraction and rightly so .

Neolithic peoples arrived on the scene in the fourth millennium b.c. , leaving behind signs of early attempts at agriculture and fragments of their pottery .
neolithic peoples arrived on the scene in the fourth millennium b.c. , leaving behind signs of early [tries] at agriculture and fragments of their pottery .

He '' d used up $ 900 on his prior attorney , a lot of it blown on four failed attempts to get his exwife served with adoption papers .
he '' d used up $ 900 on his prior attorney , a lot of it blown on four failed [tries] to get his exwife served with adoption papers .

Each intervention attempts to highlight problematic alcohol consumption , the connection between injury and drinking , and patient plans to address excessive drinking .
each intervention [tries] to highlight problematic alcohol consumption , the connection between injury and drinking , and patient plans to address excessive drinking .

The visa function attempts to facilitate legitimate travel while at the same time denying entry to the United States of certain individuals , including potential terrorists .
the visa function [tries] to facilitate legitimate travel while at the same time denying entry to the united states of certain individuals , including potential terrorists .

Second , they need to help manage risk , including risk related to attempts to maximize current value at the expense of mortgaging the future .
second , they need to help manage risk , including risk related to [tries] to maximize current value at the expense of mortgaging the future .

A lack of trust can frustrate agency attempts to implement major changes in employees ' day-to-day working environment .
a lack of trust can frustrate agency [tries] to implement major changes in employees ' day-to-day working environment .

Despite repeated attempts , we have been unable to resolve this dispute .
despite repeated [tries] , we have been unable to resolve this dispute .

I want to stress that our proposal would maintain the statutory preference for veterans and that we have no intention of deemphasizing our attempts to attain and maintain a highquality and diverse workforce .
i want to stress that our proposal would maintain the statutory preference for veterans and that we have no intention of deemphasizing our [tries] to attain and maintain a highquality and diverse workforce .

Unfortunately , despite our numerous attempts to reach a reasoned and reasonable accommodation on this matter , to date , the information we requested has not been made available to us .
unfortunately , despite our numerous [tries] to reach a reasoned and reasonable accommodation on this matter , to date , the information we requested has not been made available to us .

As previously noted , all of our attempts to reach a reasoned and reasonable accommodation , including reducing the scope of our request , have been rebuffed , and we have now exhausted the statutory process for resolving our access requests .
as previously noted , all of our [tries] to reach a reasoned and reasonable accommodation , including reducing the scope of our request , have been rebuffed , and we have now exhausted the statutory process for resolving our access requests .

The center attempts to be an unbiased and trusted source of information , in part by providing trend and composite information only , by deleting information that would allow victims to be identified , and by coordinating the response information it provides with academic , government , and corporate experts .
the center [tries] to be an unbiased and trusted source of information , in part by providing trend and composite information only , by deleting information that would allow victims to be identified , and by coordinating the response information it provides with academic , government , and corporate experts .

In 1993 , reacting to petitions filed by establishments affected by the rules , the Commission suspended portions of the rules stating that these establishments were experiencing serious difficulties in their attempts to comply with the rules .
in 1993 , reacting to petitions filed by establishments affected by the rules , the commission suspended portions of the rules stating that these establishments were experiencing serious difficulties in their [tries] to comply with the rules .

Market Survey Attempts to ascertain whether other qualified sources capable of satisfying the government 's requirement exist .
market survey [tries] to ascertain whether other qualified sources capable of satisfying the government 's requirement exist .

Prior attempts to get the agencies to work together failed .
prior [tries] to get the agencies to work together failed .

Where the government uses or attempts to regulate a particular medium , we have been informed by its accepted usage in determining whether a particular restriction on speech is necessary for the pro-gram 's purposes and limitations .
where the government uses or [tries] to regulate a particular medium , we have been informed by its accepted usage in determining whether a particular restriction on speech is necessary for the pro-gram 's purposes and limitations .

The project attempts to identify the number of people served by the following types of work , and obtain descriptions of programs ' efforts and of successes .
the project [tries] to identify the number of people served by the following types of work , and obtain descriptions of programs ' efforts and of successes .

Attempts have been made to prevent legal services workers from talking to H-2A aliens in public places .
[tries] have been made to prevent legal services workers from talking to h-2a aliens in public places .

The boilermaker 's union ( The International Brotherhood of Boilermakers , Iron Ship Builders , Blacksmiths , Forgers and Helpers ) attempts to provide the necessary manpower to the contractors .
the boilermaker 's union ( the international brotherhood of boilermakers , iron ship builders , blacksmiths , forgers and helpers ) [tries] to provide the necessary manpower to the contractors .

It is unknown whether there were any prior or subsequent orders or attempts to release the building 's locks .
it is unknown whether there were any prior or subsequent orders or [tries] to release the building 's locks .

Intelligence report , Usama Bin Ladin 's Attempts to Acquire Uranium , Mar .
intelligence report , usama bin ladin 's [tries] to acquire uranium , mar .

For ambush attempts , see Joint Inquiry report ( classified version ) , pp .
for ambush [tries] , see joint inquiry report ( classified version ) , pp .

Senior CIA officials doubted whether any of these ambush attempts had actually occurred .
senior cia officials doubted whether any of these ambush [tries] had actually occurred .

In May and June , the U.S. government received a flurry of ominous reports , including more information about chemical weapons training or development at the Derunta camp and possible attempts to amass nuclear material at Herat .
in may and june , the u.s. government received a flurry of ominous reports , including more information about chemical weapons training or development at the derunta camp and possible [tries] to amass nuclear material at herat .

Those attempts were unsuccessful .
those [tries] were unsuccessful .

Air traffic control notified American 's headquarters of the problem , and the airline began attempts to contact the flight by 8:59 via ACARS .
air traffic control notified american 's headquarters of the problem , and the airline began [tries] to contact the flight by 8:59 via acars .

Like Atta on Flight 11 , Jarrah apparently did not know how to operate the communication radios ; thus his attempts to communicate with the passengers were broadcast on the ATC channel .
like atta on flight 11 , jarrah apparently did not know how to operate the communication radios ; thus his [tries] to communicate with the passengers were broadcast on the atc channel .

For evidence of the numerous attempts by air traffic control to raise American 11 , see FAA memo , `` Full Transcript ; Aircraft Accident ; AAL11 ; New York , NY ; September 11 , 2001 , '' Feb. 15 , 2002 , p. 7 .
for evidence of the numerous [tries] by air traffic control to raise american 11 , see faa memo , `` full transcript ; aircraft accident ; aal11 ; new york , ny ; september 11 , 2001 , '' feb. 15 , 2002 , p. 7 .

A political battle among anti-American Islamic fundamentalists , the Pakistani military , and more moderate mainstream political forces has already spilled over into violence , and there have been repeated recent attempts to kill Pakistan 's president , Pervez Musharraf .
a political battle among anti-american islamic fundamentalists , the pakistani military , and more moderate mainstream political forces has already spilled over into violence , and there have been repeated recent [tries] to kill pakistan 's president , pervez musharraf .

Attempts to deal with Iran 's nuclear program are still underway .
[tries] to deal with iran 's nuclear program are still underway .

That message and all subsequent attempts to contact the flight were not acknowledged .
that message and all subsequent [tries] to contact the flight were not acknowledged .

If Jarrah did know that the passengers were making calls , it might not have occurred to him that they were certain to learn what had happened in New York , thereby defeating his attempts at deception .
if jarrah did know that the passengers were making calls , it might not have occurred to him that they were certain to learn what had happened in new york , thereby defeating his [tries] at deception .

Beginning at 8:52 , the controller made repeated attempts to reach the crew of United 175 .
beginning at 8:52 , the controller made repeated [tries] to reach the crew of united 175 .

Analyzing a total of 1,721 estimates from 188 studies and covering 46 countries , they calculated the following median prevalence estimates : 4.6 per 1,000 for point prevalence ( defined as prevalence during any interval of less than a month ) , 3.3 for period prevalence ( defined as prevalence during a period from 1 to 12 months ) , 4.0 for lifetime prevalence ( the proportion of individuals in the population who have ever manifested the disease and who are alive on a given day ) , and 7.2 for lifetime morbid risk ( which attempts to include the entire lifetime of a birth cohort , both past and future , and includes those deceased at the time of the survey ) .
analyzing a total of 1,721 estimates from 188 studies and covering 46 countries , they calculated the following median prevalence estimates : 4.6 per 1,000 for point prevalence ( defined as prevalence during any interval of less than a month ) , 3.3 for period prevalence ( defined as prevalence during a period from 1 to 12 months ) , 4.0 for lifetime prevalence ( the proportion of individuals in the population who have ever manifested the disease and who are alive on a given day ) , and 7.2 for lifetime morbid risk ( which [tries] to include the entire lifetime of a birth cohort , both past and future , and includes those deceased at the time of the survey ) .

DNA is fact. ” Nonetheless , Kalima naively attempts to find a way to retain these opposing epistemologies .
dna is fact. ” nonetheless , kalima naively [tries] to find a way to retain these opposing epistemologies .

Results Characteristics of Facilities Of the 163 facilities sampled , 20 were no longer operational ; for ten , contact could not be established after two attempts at the time of sampling ; and 15 were not eligible .
results characteristics of facilities of the 163 facilities sampled , 20 were no longer operational ; for ten , contact could not be established after two [tries] at the time of sampling ; and 15 were not eligible .

Characteristics of Respondents Of the 1,103 professionals sampled , 23 were not eligible , five were not available after two attempts at the time of sampling , eight were interrupted during the course of the interview , and 46 refused to participate .
characteristics of respondents of the 1,103 professionals sampled , 23 were not eligible , five were not available after two [tries] at the time of sampling , eight were interrupted during the course of the interview , and 46 refused to participate .

Larvae tend to wedge themselves into nooks and crannies , defying divers ' attempts to nab them while protecting their expensive nets— loaded with even more expensive electronic gear—from the ice .
larvae tend to wedge themselves into nooks and crannies , defying divers ' [tries] to nab them while protecting their expensive nets— loaded with even more expensive electronic gear—from the ice .

This question is relevant both to attempts to explain major differences in total IgE between countries and to studies on acute asthma .
this question is relevant both to [tries] to explain major differences in total ige between countries and to studies on acute asthma .

Various attempts to modify aberrant immune responses to specific allergens , such as those to cat dander , have been made .
various [tries] to modify aberrant immune responses to specific allergens , such as those to cat dander , have been made .

A second bone marrow biopsy under minimally conscious sedation was unsuccessful , and the patient declined further attempts .
a second bone marrow biopsy under minimally conscious sedation was unsuccessful , and the patient declined further [tries] .

Similarly , despite much initial enthusiasm , attempts to develop antisense drugs have been largely disappointing .
similarly , despite much initial enthusiasm , [tries] to develop antisense drugs have been largely disappointing .

Lorenz 's thesis was greeted with accusations about attempts to whitewash human atrocities , all the more so given the Nobel Prize winner 's native tongue , which was German .
lorenz 's thesis was greeted with accusations about [tries] to whitewash human atrocities , all the more so given the nobel prize winner 's native tongue , which was german .

Thus far , the function of cell protrusions has been hypothesized mainly on the basis of their location in tissues and on crude attempts to remove them , for example by altering the actin cytoskeleton or even by removing the entire epithelium they belong to .
thus far , the function of cell protrusions has been hypothesized mainly on the basis of their location in tissues and on crude [tries] to remove them , for example by altering the actin cytoskeleton or even by removing the entire epithelium they belong to .

Our lack of data is reflected in our attempts to define life .
our lack of data is reflected in our [tries] to define life .

Blood-feeding insects such as mosquitoes and tsetse flies are vectors for parasites that cause significant global infectious diseases such as malaria , dengue virus , and trypanosomiasis , many of which have frustrated attempts at vaccine development .
blood-feeding insects such as mosquitoes and tsetse flies are vectors for parasites that cause significant global infectious diseases such as malaria , dengue virus , and trypanosomiasis , many of which have frustrated [tries] at vaccine development .

The Precarious US Framework for Protecting Children Despite numerous attempts to upgrade the regulatory system , such as the CBTS , the framework to protect children from environmental toxins is precarious .
the precarious us framework for protecting children despite numerous [tries] to upgrade the regulatory system , such as the cbts , the framework to protect children from environmental toxins is precarious .

Despite multiple attempts , early reports of an inverse correlation between simple HIV-specific T cell responses and virologic control were not confirmed [ 8 ] .
despite multiple [tries] , early reports of an inverse correlation between simple hiv-specific t cell responses and virologic control were not confirmed [ 8 ] .

Early attempts to develop a Lassa fever vaccine in the 1980s focused on killed pathogens , which caused a strong humoral response but failed to protect nonhuman primate test animals .
early [tries] to develop a lassa fever vaccine in the 1980s focused on killed pathogens , which caused a strong humoral response but failed to protect nonhuman primate test animals .

Nevertheless , when McNab sees attempts to explain variation in metabolism using a few parameters applied across a wide range of sizes and taxonomic groups , what is n't explained strikes him as forcefully as what is .
nevertheless , when mcnab sees [tries] to explain variation in metabolism using a few parameters applied across a wide range of sizes and taxonomic groups , what is n't explained strikes him as forcefully as what is .

The Challenger Scholars Program attempts in a small way to address this crisis by encouraging bright and dedicated students with a desire to extend their knowledge into the classroom as teachers to continue in that career path .
the challenger scholars program [tries] in a small way to address this crisis by encouraging bright and dedicated students with a desire to extend their knowledge into the classroom as teachers to continue in that career path .

The IRS is backing off attempts at auditing the complex returns of the better off , while putting more effort into looking for abuse of the Earned Income Tax Credit , a credit available only to the working poor , and into catching people who file no returns at all , traditionally a practice inordinately associated with modest earners .
the irs is backing off [tries] at auditing the complex returns of the better off , while putting more effort into looking for abuse of the earned income tax credit , a credit available only to the working poor , and into catching people who file no returns at all , traditionally a practice inordinately associated with modest earners .

Unfortunately , Gore 's campaign has now entered a third , much more aggressive phase , in which he nips too eagerly at Bradley 's ankles and attempts to bury his rival under a mountain of inconsistent and often spurious charges .
unfortunately , gore 's campaign has now entered a third , much more aggressive phase , in which he nips too eagerly at bradley 's ankles and [tries] to bury his rival under a mountain of inconsistent and often spurious charges .

The unfairness of Gore 's accusations escalates in response to Bradley 's attempts to defend himself .
the unfairness of gore 's accusations escalates in response to bradley 's [tries] to defend himself .

The fantasy comes within an inch of seeming pathetic , but Beatty ( who co-wrote the script with Jeremy Pikser ) is savvy enough to give Bulworth a coked-up campaign manager ( the brilliant Oliver Platt ) whose jittery attempts at black slang throw the senator 's more soulful conversion into relief .
the fantasy comes within an inch of seeming pathetic , but beatty ( who co-wrote the script with jeremy pikser ) is savvy enough to give bulworth a coked-up campaign manager ( the brilliant oliver platt ) whose jittery [tries] at black slang throw the senator 's more soulful conversion into relief .

When Mike attempts to go `` straight '' by enrolling in law school ( ! )
when mike [tries] to go `` straight '' by enrolling in law school ( ! )

The movie 's other Wagnerian set piece features the Ripley clone -- who has an `` 8 '' stenciled on her arm -- coming upon a room that contains the previous seven attempts to bring her back .
the movie 's other wagnerian set piece features the ripley clone -- who has an `` 8 '' stenciled on her arm -- coming upon a room that contains the previous seven [tries] to bring her back .

The willowy Thurman looks great in her outfits , but it 's ever more apparent that she is n't much of an actress -- at least , not a trained one -- and her attempts at insouciance are embarrassingly arch .
the willowy thurman looks great in her outfits , but it 's ever more apparent that she is n't much of an actress -- at least , not a trained one -- and her [tries] at insouciance are embarrassingly arch .

The Washington Post lead covers Congress ' latest moves in its attempts to arrive at a budget , stressing the tentative approval by key House and Senate Republicans of President Clinton 's requested $ 18 billion for the IMF .
the washington post lead covers congress ' latest moves in its [tries] to arrive at a budget , stressing the tentative approval by key house and senate republicans of president clinton 's requested $ 18 billion for the imf .

This naturally has sparked a heated debate in France , where attempts to `` democratize Proust '' affront French custodianship of high culture .
this naturally has sparked a heated debate in france , where [tries] to `` democratize proust '' affront french custodianship of high culture .

The LAT and WP give the most space to Ruff 's tortured attempts to show that Clinton 's sworn denials of sexual relations with Lewinsky were not perjury .
the lat and wp give the most space to ruff 's tortured [tries] to show that clinton 's sworn denials of sexual relations with lewinsky were not perjury .

The New York Times goes with a nationwide look at candidates ' last-minute attempts to motivate voters , in a campaign that at this late date , the Times says , still lacks a national theme .
the new york times goes with a nationwide look at candidates ' last-minute [tries] to motivate voters , in a campaign that at this late date , the times says , still lacks a national theme .

The LAT 's `` Column One '' does a long take-out on the increasing attempts by companies to market their products inside schools , especially public schools .
the lat 's `` column one '' does a long take-out on the increasing [tries] by companies to market their products inside schools , especially public schools .

The NYT also notes the impending legal struggle 's implications for future attempts at international prosecution of human rights violators .
the nyt also notes the impending legal struggle 's implications for future [tries] at international prosecution of human rights violators .

The New York Times leads with word that because most states are behind schedule in their attempts to eliminate Y2K problems from their computer systems , it 's likely that some people receiving welfare and other anti-poverty benefits will have their payments and/or services interrupted .
the new york times leads with word that because most states are behind schedule in their [tries] to eliminate y2k problems from their computer systems , it 's likely that some people receiving welfare and other anti-poverty benefits will have their payments and/or services interrupted .

Let 's start with the small gifts of this movie , the little things it attempts that so few American movies ever bother with .
let 's start with the small gifts of this movie , the little things it [tries] that so few american movies ever bother with .

Although the headline , `` US Borders on High Alert , '' suggests the story might be about Customs Service preparations against future smuggling attempts , the story explores the suspect 's alleged ties to Osama bin Laden .
although the headline , `` us borders on high alert , '' suggests the story might be about customs service preparations against future smuggling [tries] , the story explores the suspect 's alleged ties to osama bin laden .

The LAT fronts and the NYT runs inside stories on lawyers ' attempts yesterday to overturn a ruling that denied bail to former Los Alamos physicist Wen Ho Lee .
the lat fronts and the nyt runs inside stories on lawyers ' [tries] yesterday to overturn a ruling that denied bail to former los alamos physicist wen ho lee .

If all disputes over abstract ideals are , as Fish says , attempts to exploit an elevated moral language for partisan advantage , then to hell with his critics and their faith in chimera such as free speech and scientific objectivity !
if all disputes over abstract ideals are , as fish says , [tries] to exploit an elevated moral language for partisan advantage , then to hell with his critics and their faith in chimera such as free speech and scientific objectivity !

The United Nations still recognizes Portugal as the area 's administrative authority , and the lawyers behind the move say it was inspired by Spain 's attempts to try former Chilean dictator Gen. Augusto Pinochet .
the united nations still recognizes portugal as the area 's administrative authority , and the lawyers behind the move say it was inspired by spain 's [tries] to try former chilean dictator gen. augusto pinochet .

After the success of Murakami 's epic The Wind-Up Bird Chronicle , this novel of a middle-aged man 's attempts to rekindle a romance with an elusive childhood friend disappoints critics .
after the success of murakami 's epic the wind-up bird chronicle , this novel of a middle-aged man 's [tries] to rekindle a romance with an elusive childhood friend disappoints critics .

The Falcons upset the Minnesota Vikings 30-27 after 1 ) the Vikings ' kicker , who had n't missed a kick in 122 consecutive attempts , botched a field goal with two minutes remaining ; 2 ) the Falcons drove back down the field for the tying touchdown in the closing seconds ; and 3 ) the Falcons drove for the winning field goal in sudden-death overtime .
the falcons upset the minnesota vikings 30-27 after 1 ) the vikings ' kicker , who had n't missed a kick in 122 consecutive [tries] , botched a field goal with two minutes remaining ; 2 ) the falcons drove back down the field for the tying touchdown in the closing seconds ; and 3 ) the falcons drove for the winning field goal in sudden-death overtime .

In his article `` , '' Michael Kinsley attempts to show why Clinton should not be removed from office .
in his article `` , '' michael kinsley [tries] to show why clinton should not be removed from office .

A commentary in the London Independent about Britain 's fuddy-duddy Conservative Party and its forlorn attempts at image enhancement observed , `` Here they are , doing their best to be a little bit groovy , a little bit New Labour , and what do we do ?
a commentary in the london independent about britain 's fuddy-duddy conservative party and its forlorn [tries] at image enhancement observed , `` here they are , doing their best to be a little bit groovy , a little bit new labour , and what do we do ?

In despair , she slashes her wrists and ends up in a hospital , where she attempts to explain her bond with the killer to a psychiatrist ( Stephen Rea , with an incongruous New York accent ) .
in despair , she slashes her wrists and ends up in a hospital , where she [tries] to explain her bond with the killer to a psychiatrist ( stephen rea , with an incongruous new york accent ) .

Al-Quds al-Arabi said that U.S. officials who met Omar in the Taliban stronghold of Qandahar last week were less interested in securing the extradition of bin Laden than in thwarting Chinese attempts to gain influence in Afghanistan .
al-quds al-arabi said that u.s. officials who met omar in the taliban stronghold of qandahar last week were less interested in securing the extradition of bin laden than in thwarting chinese [tries] to gain influence in afghanistan .

Gwendolyn Freed 's outraged review in the Wall Street Journal attempts to refute many of the film 's claims and says it `` paints a repulsive portrait of du Pré . ''
gwendolyn freed 's outraged review in the wall street journal [tries] to refute many of the film 's claims and says it `` paints a repulsive portrait of du pré . ''

Attempts to explain history in terms of common traits already possessed by the peer groups that confronted these events are seldom illuminating .
[tries] to explain history in terms of common traits already possessed by the peer groups that confronted these events are seldom illuminating .

The biggest problem : corny dialogue that attempts to replicate 17 th century vernacular .
the biggest problem : corny dialogue that [tries] to replicate 17 th century vernacular .

The Whitney attempts to redeem the Realist painter from his reputation as a vapid schlockmeister , deeming him a precursor to Abstract Expressionism .
the whitney [tries] to redeem the realist painter from his reputation as a vapid schlockmeister , deeming him a precursor to abstract expressionism .

A key ingredient in the upswing is that Albright emphasized that the U.S. does n't endorse Taiwan 's recent attempts to depart from the `` one China '' policy .
a key ingredient in the upswing is that albright emphasized that the u.s. does n't endorse taiwan 's recent [tries] to depart from the `` one china '' policy .

USAT 's business section front page reports that after several failed attempts at settlement , the DOJ is again focused on seeking a break-up of Microsoft .
usat 's business section front page reports that after several failed [tries] at settlement , the doj is again focused on seeking a break-up of microsoft .

From Slate I expect and am paying for serious attempts to assess what happened and what the consequences might be .
from slate i expect and am paying for serious [tries] to assess what happened and what the consequences might be .

I 'd leave the strangulation-in-cradle attempts to CBS News .
i 'd leave the strangulation-in-cradle [tries] to cbs news .

In `` Partial Truths in the Partial-Birth-Abortion Debate , '' Atul Gawande attempts to reduce our natural , profound revulsion at the thought of the procedures used in abortion to an aesthetic response : All abortions are `` grotesque , '' or `` gross . ''
in `` partial truths in the partial-birth-abortion debate , '' atul gawande [tries] to reduce our natural , profound revulsion at the thought of the procedures used in abortion to an aesthetic response : all abortions are `` grotesque , '' or `` gross . ''

The books are , for the most part , shameless attempts to exploit the nation 's sorrow for money and fame .
the books are , for the most part , shameless [tries] to exploit the nation 's sorrow for money and fame .

He has found his mission in preserving what matters in our culture , and in standing in the way of attempts to coarsen and reduce it .
he has found his mission in preserving what matters in our culture , and in standing in the way of [tries] to coarsen and reduce it .

After attempts to eliminate them began under President Reagan , and intensified with the Mapplethorpe fiasco , Yates ' career became preoccupied with keeping them alive .
after [tries] to eliminate them began under president reagan , and intensified with the mapplethorpe fiasco , yates ' career became preoccupied with keeping them alive .

Even if possible , attempts to turn back the technological clock by restricting abortion and contraception would now be counterproductive .
even if possible , [tries] to turn back the technological clock by restricting abortion and contraception would now be counterproductive .

No surprise there : Editor Robert Bartley 's attempts to claim intellectual vindication have become increasingly desperate in recent years .
no surprise there : editor robert bartley 's [tries] to claim intellectual vindication have become increasingly desperate in recent years .

The Post also said that Yeltsin 's attempts to `` subvert or cancel '' elections could backfire , and added , `` Even more ominous is the possibility that political infighting in Moscow could shift the real power to regional governors , many of whom are even less democratic and more self-serving than Yeltsin himself .
the post also said that yeltsin 's [tries] to `` subvert or cancel '' elections could backfire , and added , `` even more ominous is the possibility that political infighting in moscow could shift the real power to regional governors , many of whom are even less democratic and more self-serving than yeltsin himself .

In Colombia , El Tiempo said Garzón was killed because of his attempts to bring an end to the political fighting in Colombia , especially his negotiations with leftist groups , and also because of his efforts to secure the release of many kidnap victims .
in colombia , el tiempo said garzón was killed because of his [tries] to bring an end to the political fighting in colombia , especially his negotiations with leftist groups , and also because of his efforts to secure the release of many kidnap victims .

Like many entrepreneurs , he was not prepared to manage such a large enterprise , and in 1988 , after attempts at restructuring , the company lost $ 2.5 million and was sold .
like many entrepreneurs , he was not prepared to manage such a large enterprise , and in 1988 , after [tries] at restructuring , the company lost $ 2.5 million and was sold .

Traditional Christian moral theology does not view attempts to hide one 's private sins and shame as grave offenses .
traditional christian moral theology does not view [tries] to hide one 's private sins and shame as grave offenses .

After she failed at three marriages and at attempts to leverage wealth and connections into a career as a political powerbroker , she wed Revlon CEO Ron Perelman .
after she failed at three marriages and at [tries] to leverage wealth and connections into a career as a political powerbroker , she wed revlon ceo ron perelman .

Washington Post reports two attempts by private companies to grow embryos -- a practice banned among federally funded researchers but allowed in the private sector .
washington post reports two [tries] by private companies to grow embryos -- a practice banned among federally funded researchers but allowed in the private sector .

James Bond , on the other hand , is always poking about in some villain 's undersea lair , and his attempts at repartee are just parody bait .
james bond , on the other hand , is always poking about in some villain 's undersea lair , and his [tries] at repartee are just parody bait .

Again , the Economist : `` GE has redoubled attempts to pass business to cheap hands and cheap minds .
again , the economist : `` ge has redoubled [tries] to pass business to cheap hands and cheap minds .

Several months ago , Daniel Menaker in Slate in contemporary film in which the protagonist attempts to break through our cultural and technological anesthetization into `` the real . ''
several months ago , daniel menaker in slate in contemporary film in which the protagonist [tries] to break through our cultural and technological anesthetization into `` the real . ''

The Jordanian commentator Salameh Ne'matt wrote that the defeat of Milosevic was `` a resounding demonstration of Washington 's power and its ability to foil attempts by radical rulers ... to defy the New World Order which it leads . ''
the jordanian commentator salameh ne'matt wrote that the defeat of milosevic was `` a resounding demonstration of washington 's power and its ability to foil [tries] by radical rulers ... to defy the new world order which it leads . ''

The tabloid Daily Express reported Tuesday that attempts to secure asylum for Milosevic in Libya , South Africa , Russia , or China have all come to nothing .
the tabloid daily express reported tuesday that [tries] to secure asylum for milosevic in libya , south africa , russia , or china have all come to nothing .

After years of addiction and attempts at recovery , the nearly 16-year-old California band has entered dinosaur land .
after years of addiction and [tries] at recovery , the nearly 16-year-old california band has entered dinosaur land .

Laibson-style preferences lead to visible attempts at self-control , and visible attempts at self-control are reassuring to potential mates , hence favored by natural selection .
laibson-style preferences lead to visible [tries] at self-control , and visible [tries] at self-control are reassuring to potential mates , hence favored by natural selection .

His advertising executive in Lost in America has zero insight into himself , but he 's still an idealist who boldly attempts to live out the escapist fantasies of his generation : He has -- as buffoons go -- enormous stature .
his advertising executive in lost in america has zero insight into himself , but he 's still an idealist who boldly [tries] to live out the escapist fantasies of his generation : he has -- as buffoons go -- enormous stature .

Saturday 's Guardian featured a long piece about GM crops in India and reported that a group of 500 Indian farmers went to Cologne to protest what they see as Monsanto Co. 's attempts to make farmers dependent on genetically modified cotton crops .
saturday 's guardian featured a long piece about gm crops in india and reported that a group of 500 indian farmers went to cologne to protest what they see as monsanto co. 's [tries] to make farmers dependent on genetically modified cotton crops .

Which were actual topics in Monday 's `` Today in Health Chat , '' a regular feature on Dr. C. Everett Koop 's Web site , and which are cheap attempts to mock a beloved national figure 's efforts to cash in on this whole Internet thing ?
which were actual topics in monday 's `` today in health chat , '' a regular feature on dr. c. everett koop 's web site , and which are cheap [tries] to mock a beloved national figure 's efforts to cash in on this whole internet thing ?

Morris does recount his attempts to nail down Fast 's story .
morris does recount his [tries] to nail down fast 's story .

Notwithstanding cable TV 's frenetic electronic vigil , with station editors clearly hoping for a Di-like bounty of extra viewers , the attempts by a series of anchors to launch a national wave of emotion has failed .
notwithstanding cable tv 's frenetic electronic vigil , with station editors clearly hoping for a di-like bounty of extra viewers , the [tries] by a series of anchors to launch a national wave of emotion has failed .

Another `` push '' technology to watch is Marimba 's Castanet , which attempts to generalize the technique .
another `` push '' technology to watch is marimba 's castanet , which [tries] to generalize the technique .

On Mount Olympus they must be laughing at Bill Clinton 's pleas for privacy , and at our attempts to explain his impulses .
on mount olympus they must be laughing at bill clinton 's pleas for privacy , and at our [tries] to explain his impulses .

Their `` LiveTopics '' technology attempts to help you do this .
their `` livetopics '' technology [tries] to help you do this .

The papers point out that the plan is more ambitious than the one unveiled by Al Gore a few weeks ago , in that Bradley 's attempts to make health care available not just to children but to nearly all currently non-covered adults .
the papers point out that the plan is more ambitious than the one unveiled by al gore a few weeks ago , in that bradley 's [tries] to make health care available not just to children but to nearly all currently non-covered adults .

I find that formal attempts at regulation -- language laws and language policies , often fail to achieve their ends , or achieve ends somewhat different from what may have been intended .
i find that formal [tries] at regulation -- language laws and language policies , often fail to achieve their ends , or achieve ends somewhat different from what may have been intended .

The Post also mentions the army 's distaste for Sharif 's attempts to cut ties to Afghanistan 's Taliban militia .
the post also mentions the army 's distaste for sharif 's [tries] to cut ties to afghanistan 's taliban militia .

I believe Nader has very good reasons why we should all be concerned about Microsoft 's attempts to corner the future of computing , and to belittle him with the `` Microsoft basher '' label is inappropriate .
i believe nader has very good reasons why we should all be concerned about microsoft 's [tries] to corner the future of computing , and to belittle him with the `` microsoft basher '' label is inappropriate .

You will go down in history as one of the first and best attempts to use the Internet to spread intellectual debate and well-written articles on politics and culture .
you will go down in history as one of the first and best [tries] to use the internet to spread intellectual debate and well-written articles on politics and culture .

Landsburg attempts , by economic sleight of hand , to argue that racism does not exist in corporate America because it would not be in its bottom-line interest for it to do so .
landsburg [tries] , by economic sleight of hand , to argue that racism does not exist in corporate america because it would not be in its bottom-line interest for it to do so .

Slate 's attempts to discredit Col. David Hackworth mentioned in Michael Kinsley 's `` Medal Detector '' item in `` Readme '' will not impress those of us who form our opinions on defense affairs from sources other than military publicists and their media allies .
slate 's [tries] to discredit col. david hackworth mentioned in michael kinsley 's `` medal detector '' item in `` readme '' will not impress those of us who form our opinions on defense affairs from sources other than military publicists and their media allies .

Attempts at prohibition or limiting this activity have shown the proclivity of its members to simply move it underground to Washington hotels and Florida resorts in order to skirt responsibility for its appearance .
[tries] at prohibition or limiting this activity have shown the proclivity of its members to simply move it underground to washington hotels and florida resorts in order to skirt responsibility for its appearance .

The David Mastio article about U.S. government attempts to influence political events in other countries was interesting enough , but I do n't know whom to blame for the headline , `` Uncle Sam Plays John Huang . ''
the david mastio article about u.s. government [tries] to influence political events in other countries was interesting enough , but i do n't know whom to blame for the headline , `` uncle sam plays john huang . ''

Forget privatization and other attempts to `` save '' the program .
forget privatization and other [tries] to `` save '' the program .

In order to support his thesis that technical solutions will never resolve what he sees as a perennial `` spillover '' problem , Volokh attempts to raise doubts about the effectiveness of selection/filtering software such as SurfWatch :
in order to support his thesis that technical solutions will never resolve what he sees as a perennial `` spillover '' problem , volokh [tries] to raise doubts about the effectiveness of selection/filtering software such as surfwatch :

The one thing that inclines me to vote for Inglis is his attempts to kill the Southern Connector ( the `` needed highway '' of Plotz 's example ) .
the one thing that inclines me to vote for inglis is his [tries] to kill the southern connector ( the `` needed highway '' of plotz 's example ) .

In one scene , fat Kristina tells Allen about a horrible deed she has committed and , while her listener attempts to process it , appalled , tucks into an ice cream sundae .
in one scene , fat kristina tells allen about a horrible deed she has committed and , while her listener [tries] to process it , appalled , tucks into an ice cream sundae .

In Italy , the front-line European country into which Albanian refugees will pour if attempts to resolve the Kosovo crisis fail -- and the country most exposed to Serbian military retaliation -- La Repubblica published a front-page comment Monday that was deeply skeptical of the use of force .
in italy , the front-line european country into which albanian refugees will pour if [tries] to resolve the kosovo crisis fail -- and the country most exposed to serbian military retaliation -- la repubblica published a front-page comment monday that was deeply skeptical of the use of force .

Attempts to base every decision on consensus had created a multinational muddle , `` while Slobodan Milosevic laughs a little longer , '' it concluded .
[tries] to base every decision on consensus had created a multinational muddle , `` while slobodan milosevic laughs a little longer , '' it concluded .

There 's a witchy Margaret Hamilton type ( Eileen Dromey ) who rides some sort of electric wheelchair and attempts to spoil the whole caper .
there 's a witchy margaret hamilton type ( eileen dromey ) who rides some sort of electric wheelchair and [tries] to spoil the whole caper .

Lenny fancied himself as pretty hip , but his young collaborator was n't impressed by the older man 's attempts at rock .
lenny fancied himself as pretty hip , but his young collaborator was n't impressed by the older man 's [tries] at rock .

While it 's too early to tell if Jones will join the legion of plastic surgery victims , the tabs this month report on attempts at surgical improvement gone awry .
while it 's too early to tell if jones will join the legion of plastic surgery victims , the tabs this month report on [tries] at surgical improvement gone awry .

But given the volume of detail the Times provided on Kathleen Willey 's past , including her attempts to sell her story , you 'd think Broder would at least mention the main questions surrounding Steele ... It turns out , as Newsweek reports this week , that Steele also met with an editor for the tabloid Star , who claims Steele was asking $ 20,000 .
but given the volume of detail the times provided on kathleen willey 's past , including her [tries] to sell her story , you 'd think broder would at least mention the main questions surrounding steele ... it turns out , as newsweek reports this week , that steele also met with an editor for the tabloid star , who claims steele was asking $ 20,000 .

Alternating attempts to indict and extradite Ruiz Massieu have strained U.S.-Mexican relations for years , but the case for indictment has grown so strong , says the NYT , that the Mexican government now supports the proceedings .
alternating [tries] to indict and extradite ruiz massieu have strained u.s.-mexican relations for years , but the case for indictment has grown so strong , says the nyt , that the mexican government now supports the proceedings .

All the papers cite the same reasons for Mir 's demise : failed attempts to privatize the station , the apathy of the Russian public , and pressure from the U.S. and others to devote scarce funds to a proposed multinational space station .
all the papers cite the same reasons for mir 's demise : failed [tries] to privatize the station , the apathy of the russian public , and pressure from the u.s. and others to devote scarce funds to a proposed multinational space station .

The deal coverage is shot through with the usual attempts at dramatizing the essentially undramatic activity of guys in suits writing themselves checks .
the deal coverage is shot through with the usual [tries] at dramatizing the essentially undramatic activity of guys in suits writing themselves checks .

McCain 's rather feeble suicide attempts came after he could no longer resist and prepared to sign a confession saying he was a `` black criminal '' and an `` air pirate . ''
mccain 's rather feeble suicide [tries] came after he could no longer resist and prepared to sign a confession saying he was a `` black criminal '' and an `` air pirate . ''

Episodes reviewed so far are dismissed as failed attempts at Hollywood and Washington satire .
episodes reviewed so far are dismissed as failed [tries] at hollywood and washington satire .

The cover story bemoans the decline of manliness and blames liberals , whose attempts to eliminate gender , coupled with the rise of the single-mother family , have bred a generation of `` under-fathered '' boys who are aggressive and violent but unmanly .
the cover story bemoans the decline of manliness and blames liberals , whose [tries] to eliminate gender , coupled with the rise of the single-mother family , have bred a generation of `` under-fathered '' boys who are aggressive and violent but unmanly .

Still , his overwrought attempts to make the film fun -- fast editing , crashingly loud sound effects -- end up making it `` a punishing ordeal '' ( Alex Ross , Slate ) .
still , his overwrought [tries] to make the film fun -- fast editing , crashingly loud sound effects -- end up making it `` a punishing ordeal '' ( alex ross , slate ) .

Critics are unimpressed with first-time director ( and Academy Award-winner ) Kevin Spacey 's attempts at stylishness , particularly the relentless allusions to film noir .
critics are unimpressed with first-time director ( and academy award-winner ) kevin spacey 's [tries] at stylishness , particularly the relentless allusions to film noir .

The books , which ignore public policy , are shameless attempts by candidates to humanize themselves for voters .
the books , which ignore public policy , are shameless [tries] by candidates to humanize themselves for voters .

An article follows McDonald 's attempts to enter the Indian market .
an article follows mcdonald 's [tries] to enter the indian market .

Others say that his efforts to shock outweigh his attempts to build suspense .
others say that his efforts to shock outweigh his [tries] to build suspense .

His late '60s albums , dismissed as lame attempts to ape rock when they debuted , were now applauded for their courageous , free-spirit experimentalism .
his late '60s albums , dismissed as lame [tries] to ape rock when they debuted , were now applauded for their courageous , free-spirit experimentalism .

Winter is around-the-world balloon season -- it 's when the jet stream runs consistently west to east -- so the last few weeks have witnessed , and the next few weeks will witness , an orgy of circumnavigation attempts .
winter is around-the-world balloon season -- it 's when the jet stream runs consistently west to east -- so the last few weeks have witnessed , and the next few weeks will witness , an orgy of circumnavigation [tries] .

Taciturn in public , Bird was the NBA 's most notorious trash talker , mocking opponents ' attempts to guard him .
taciturn in public , bird was the nba 's most notorious trash talker , mocking opponents ' [tries] to guard him .

Springer makes several tepid attempts to justify Springer :
springer makes several tepid [tries] to justify springer :

If Russian figures of Chechen losses were to be believed , there would be almost no resistance to the Russian attempts to take Grozny .
if russian figures of chechen losses were to be believed , there would be almost no resistance to the russian [tries] to take grozny .

The Opry succeeds where the Arch and Parthenon fail because it is not merely a tourist attraction but a vibrant part of the city 's life , with a genuine , if regrettable , purpose-as a performance space for country music-while these latter two are self-conscious attempts to construct a symbol .
the opry succeeds where the arch and parthenon fail because it is not merely a tourist attraction but a vibrant part of the city 's life , with a genuine , if regrettable , purpose-as a performance space for country music-while these latter two are self-conscious [tries] to construct a symbol .

Pfizer is challenging the breakup fee in court , arguing that the companies ' boards neglected their obligation to pursue the best interests of the shareholders by undermining attempts at a hostile takeover .
pfizer is challenging the breakup fee in court , arguing that the companies ' boards neglected their obligation to pursue the best interests of the shareholders by undermining [tries] at a hostile takeover .

Fox News Sunday 's Juan Williams and Brit Hume think Gore 's attempts to distance himself from President Clinton 's `` behavior '' are hypocritical , given his loyalty as vice president -- especially during the impeachment .
fox news sunday 's juan williams and brit hume think gore 's [tries] to distance himself from president clinton 's `` behavior '' are hypocritical , given his loyalty as vice president -- especially during the impeachment .

As described by David Stockman , he simply could n't process the information that his contradictory goals would produce a vast deficit , despite repeated attempts to spell it out for him in words and pictures .
as described by david stockman , he simply could n't process the information that his contradictory goals would produce a vast deficit , despite repeated [tries] to spell it out for him in words and pictures .

Chechens objected to this marriage , as well as to religious repression and Soviet attempts to force the populace to work on collective farms .
chechens objected to this marriage , as well as to religious repression and soviet [tries] to force the populace to work on collective farms .

Several regular departments in the Briefing section are attempts at `` meta-news '' : the news about the news , a sense of how the week 's big stories are being played and perceived .
several regular departments in the briefing section are [tries] at `` meta-news '' : the news about the news , a sense of how the week 's big stories are being played and perceived .

According to the Monitor , `` the U.N. has learned from past attempts that its best role in disaster scenes is to pool the efforts of national governments , not to do the work itself . ''
according to the monitor , `` the u.n. has learned from past [tries] that its best role in disaster scenes is to pool the efforts of national governments , not to do the work itself . ''

Controversy had engulfed the Dec. 15 election of President Janet Jagan , with repeated attempts to declare her government illegitimate .
controversy had engulfed the dec. 15 election of president janet jagan , with repeated [tries] to declare her government illegitimate .

On Monday , the Financial Times noted `` a growing impatience with the attempts to turn her [ Diana ] into a secular saint '' and pointed out that Prince Charles ' `` popularity rating is now equal to that of Tony Blair , the prime minister who so adeptly expressed the nation 's grief a year ago . ''
on monday , the financial times noted `` a growing impatience with the [tries] to turn her [ diana ] into a secular saint '' and pointed out that prince charles ' `` popularity rating is now equal to that of tony blair , the prime minister who so adeptly expressed the nation 's grief a year ago . ''

Pakistan 's Dawn urged Washington to support an Arab-sponsored move at the United Nations to condemn Israel `` for its blatant attempts at judaizing '' the Al Quds area of Jerusalem .
pakistan 's dawn urged washington to support an arab-sponsored move at the united nations to condemn israel `` for its blatant [tries] at judaizing '' the al quds area of jerusalem .

The FT 's main editorial Thursday was about the financial crisis in Russia , saying that a devaluation of the ruble should be avoided if at all possible and that `` the IMF could use this crisis as an opportunity to impose stricter conditionality on Russia and to demand greater involvement in its attempts to reform its public finances . ''
the ft 's main editorial thursday was about the financial crisis in russia , saying that a devaluation of the ruble should be avoided if at all possible and that `` the imf could use this crisis as an opportunity to impose stricter conditionality on russia and to demand greater involvement in its [tries] to reform its public finances . ''

Referring to protests by defense industry workers , miners , teachers , doctors , and energy sector workers , the newspaper noted that demonstrators outside the Defense Ministry in Moscow Wednesday paid no attention to attempts by government ministers and trade union leaders to appease them but continued to shout slogans such as `` Send Yeltsin 's gang to trial . ''
referring to protests by defense industry workers , miners , teachers , doctors , and energy sector workers , the newspaper noted that demonstrators outside the defense ministry in moscow wednesday paid no attention to [tries] by government ministers and trade union leaders to appease them but continued to shout slogans such as `` send yeltsin 's gang to trial . ''

This week 's was from a woman and had to do with the desperate attempts that she and her fiance made to find somewhere to eat in Havana on the evening of Valentine 's Day .
this week 's was from a woman and had to do with the desperate [tries] that she and her fiance made to find somewhere to eat in havana on the evening of valentine 's day .

The Los Angeles Times leads with state and local attempts at campaign reform .
the los angeles times leads with state and local [tries] at campaign reform .

Recent undercover operations have detected , says the paper , attempts by Russian groups to sell Colombian drug lords a helicopter , surface-to-air missiles and a submarine .
recent undercover operations have detected , says the paper , [tries] by russian groups to sell colombian drug lords a helicopter , surface-to-air missiles and a submarine .

Her goal will be to get Arafat to come out decisively and publicly for peace with Israel , telling him that there can be no more attempts at co-opting Hamas , and `` no more kisses '' of its leaders .
her goal will be to get arafat to come out decisively and publicly for peace with israel , telling him that there can be no more [tries] at co-opting hamas , and `` no more kisses '' of its leaders .

The Washington Post leads with the news that the FBI overlooked evidence it had collected of China 's attempts to influence domestic politics .
the washington post leads with the news that the fbi overlooked evidence it had collected of china 's [tries] to influence domestic politics .

The Times points out that this non-action could hamstring U.S. efforts to forge a strong U.N. agreement on action against Iraq , and could hurt the IMF 's attempts to contain the Asian economic crisis .
the times points out that this non-action could hamstring u.s. efforts to forge a strong u.n. agreement on action against iraq , and could hurt the imf 's [tries] to contain the asian economic crisis .

The LAT reports that Heslin 's voice was `` full of anger '' as she described being called a `` Girl Scout '' when she resisted what she saw as inappropriate attempts to help Tamraz .
the lat reports that heslin 's voice was `` full of anger '' as she described being called a `` girl scout '' when she resisted what she saw as inappropriate [tries] to help tamraz .

For instance , the Times dwells quite a bit on aides ' various unsuccessful attempts to get their boss to bring the event to a close .
for instance , the times dwells quite a bit on aides ' various unsuccessful [tries] to get their boss to bring the event to a close .

The Washington Post is more pessimistic , saying that pro forces have `` hit a brick wall in their attempts to muster the votes . ''
the washington post is more pessimistic , saying that pro forces have `` hit a brick wall in their [tries] to muster the votes . ''

Both Times explain that the new California HMO laws mandate plan coverage of such previously uncovered areas as cancer screening , give Californians the right to sue their health plans , to obtain second medical opinions , and to appeal treatment funding decisions to an independent review board -- in short the key features now being debated by Congress in its attempts to arrive at a patients ' bill of rights .
both times explain that the new california hmo laws mandate plan coverage of such previously uncovered areas as cancer screening , give californians the right to sue their health plans , to obtain second medical opinions , and to appeal treatment funding decisions to an independent review board -- in short the key features now being debated by congress in its [tries] to arrive at a patients ' bill of rights .

One can imagine ironic or otherwise complex readings of these statements that might attempt to cleanse them of their offensive meaning , just as the Times attempts to cleanse the Virgin Mary canvas of its offensive meaning by quoting the artist , Chris Ofili , saying it all has something to do with his childhood confusion about the virgin birth .
one can imagine ironic or otherwise complex readings of these statements that might attempt to cleanse them of their offensive meaning , just as the times [tries] to cleanse the virgin mary canvas of its offensive meaning by quoting the artist , chris ofili , saying it all has something to do with his childhood confusion about the virgin birth .

This fragmented system proved ineffective : In L.A. , only one of 10 cases filed led to collection , thousands of men were wrongly billed , and attempts to create a statewide child support computer system failed , resulting in large federal fines .
this fragmented system proved ineffective : in l.a. , only one of 10 cases filed led to collection , thousands of men were wrongly billed , and [tries] to create a statewide child support computer system failed , resulting in large federal fines .

The coverage fails to deliver a bit in its attempts to depict any further contribution .
the coverage fails to deliver a bit in its [tries] to depict any further contribution .

I confess I read this book with some trepidation because I have just completed a book that attempts to answer just these questions .
i confess i read this book with some trepidation because i have just completed a book that [tries] to answer just these questions .

In the battle of block chords toward the end of the development section , the piano comes off as strident rather than imperial as it attempts to rival the orchestra .
in the battle of block chords toward the end of the development section , the piano comes off as strident rather than imperial as it [tries] to rival the orchestra .

Designers ' attempts to eradicate the public 's devotion to black clothes , whether by self-styled bohemians in SoHo , business and media people uptown , or wealthy fashion folk around the globe , have succeeded only in fixing it more .
designers ' [tries] to eradicate the public 's devotion to black clothes , whether by self-styled bohemians in soho , business and media people uptown , or wealthy fashion folk around the globe , have succeeded only in fixing it more .

Alot of the dark humor of the book comes from Rosenbaum 's straight-faced attempts to lay out the rival theories of Hitler Studies one by one .
alot of the dark humor of the book comes from rosenbaum 's straight-faced [tries] to lay out the rival theories of hitler studies one by one .

Attempts to put such notions into practice send Davis off the deep end .
[tries] to put such notions into practice send davis off the deep end .

Cohen is infuriated by this purported tendency to suppress the gangster past and is even more angered by attempts to make light of it .
cohen is infuriated by this purported tendency to suppress the gangster past and is even more angered by [tries] to make light of it .

There were , moreover , no attempts to carve Lincoln in the nude with drapery , as there had been with Washington , no efforts to heroicize him out of his trousers , just as there were none to popularize him with comfy sportswear .
there were , moreover , no [tries] to carve lincoln in the nude with drapery , as there had been with washington , no efforts to heroicize him out of his trousers , just as there were none to popularize him with comfy sportswear .

Man 's brotherhood with base animals would seem to point to the futility of Diana-style attempts at emotional communion .
man 's brotherhood with base animals would seem to point to the futility of diana-style [tries] at emotional communion .

The breakdown occasions a jigsaw of memories : of an upstate New York boyhood dominated by a local-hero dad ; of doomed attempts to make it in the straight world of Manhattan advertising ; of romantic humiliations at the hands of perky centerfold blondes ; and , finally , of dreamlike interludes in sadistic mental hospitals .
the breakdown occasions a jigsaw of memories : of an upstate new york boyhood dominated by a local-hero dad ; of doomed [tries] to make it in the straight world of manhattan advertising ; of romantic humiliations at the hands of perky centerfold blondes ; and , finally , of dreamlike interludes in sadistic mental hospitals .

Attempts to elevate the International Monetary Fund 's $ 55-billion ( and climbing ) bailout of South Korea to Issue 2 fizzled despite the attempts of three shows -- Fox News Sunday , NewsHour With Jim Lehrer , and This Week -- to put it there .
[tries] to elevate the international monetary fund 's $ 55-billion ( and climbing ) bailout of south korea to issue 2 fizzled despite the [tries] of three shows -- fox news sunday , newshour with jim lehrer , and this week -- to put it there .

Ambassador Bill Richardson ( Fox News Sunday and This Week ) promised to answer Hussein 's intransigence with more international peacemaking attempts , a policy condemned by Krauthammer as `` the wages of appeasement . ''
ambassador bill richardson ( fox news sunday and this week ) promised to answer hussein 's intransigence with more international peacemaking [tries] , a policy condemned by krauthammer as `` the wages of appeasement . ''

As the pup attempts futilely to escape , we are given the numbers .
as the pup [tries] futilely to escape , we are given the numbers .

Bill Kristol attempts the strangest dodge , blaming Clinton 's survival on Republicans who failed to go in for the kill .
bill kristol [tries] the strangest dodge , blaming clinton 's survival on republicans who failed to go in for the kill .

Ginsburg attempts to build sympathy for his client , though he refuses to discuss his client 's account of events , specifics of her proffer , her legal strategy , her future plans , her definition of a sexual relationship , or anything else of interest .
ginsburg [tries] to build sympathy for his client , though he refuses to discuss his client 's account of events , specifics of her proffer , her legal strategy , her future plans , her definition of a sexual relationship , or anything else of interest .

This episode features Ray 's pathetic attempts to get his wife in the mood for a holiday tumble .
this episode features ray 's pathetic [tries] to get his wife in the mood for a holiday tumble .

Attempts to weave the five men 's stories together result in some confusing chronological jumps , but the damage is n't serious .
[tries] to weave the five men 's stories together result in some confusing chronological jumps , but the damage is n't serious .

His fortunes revived with GoodFellas , which was hailed as a return to form , and floundered again with The Age of Innocence , one of his periodic attempts -- like The Last Waltz , Temptation and , most recently , Kundun -- to defy expectation .
his fortunes revived with goodfellas , which was hailed as a return to form , and floundered again with the age of innocence , one of his periodic [tries] -- like the last waltz , temptation and , most recently , kundun -- to defy expectation .

Next came Casino , one of his periodic attempts to defy the expectation that he would defy expectations .
next came casino , one of his periodic [tries] to defy the expectation that he would defy expectations .

When he attempts to fathom what 's happening to him , Jonze and Kaufman deliver a coup de cinema -- a vision of hell that is n't , à la Sartre , other people , but oneself ad infinitum .
when he [tries] to fathom what 's happening to him , jonze and kaufman deliver a coup de cinema -- a vision of hell that is n't , à la sartre , other people , but oneself ad infinitum .

A long story describes Defense Secretary William Cohen 's attempts to impose civilian authority on Pentagon leaders who do n't trust him .
a long story describes defense secretary william cohen 's [tries] to impose civilian authority on pentagon leaders who do n't trust him .

The WSJ elaborates , pointing out that previous high-profile attempts by American Express and Sears to cross-pollinate with Wall St. partners failed .
the wsj elaborates , pointing out that previous high-profile [tries] by american express and sears to cross-pollinate with wall st. partners failed .

Before a deal can be reached , the paper says , Starr wants Lewinsky to submit to questioning by his investigators , who especially want to clarify whether or not there were any attempts to cover up an affair with the president .
before a deal can be reached , the paper says , starr wants lewinsky to submit to questioning by his investigators , who especially want to clarify whether or not there were any [tries] to cover up an affair with the president .

Meanwhile , back in Washington , reports the Times , the Senate Budget Committee approved the Republican tax and spending plan on a straight party-line vote , after defeating several Democratic attempts to reinstate the Clinton initiatives .
meanwhile , back in washington , reports the times , the senate budget committee approved the republican tax and spending plan on a straight party-line vote , after defeating several democratic [tries] to reinstate the clinton initiatives .

USAT reports that according to Willey 's lawyer , she is `` overwhelmed '' by White House attempts to discredit her .
usat reports that according to willey 's lawyer , she is `` overwhelmed '' by white house [tries] to discredit her .

The paper describes the attempts by some struggling black farmers to get restitution from the USDA .
the paper describes the [tries] by some struggling black farmers to get restitution from the usda .

A rave review of Salon inside the WP reminds `` Today 's Papers '' of something wrong with last week 's NYT piece about the American Spectator 's attempts to account for the Richard Scaife money it disbursed in pursuit of Arkansas dirt on Bill Clinton : it did n't mention that this Scaife funding effort was first reported on by The New York Observer and Salon .
a rave review of salon inside the wp reminds `` today 's papers '' of something wrong with last week 's nyt piece about the american spectator 's [tries] to account for the richard scaife money it disbursed in pursuit of arkansas dirt on bill clinton : it did n't mention that this scaife funding effort was first reported on by the new york observer and salon .

The dailies all quote her lawyer 's comment that she will testify if his attempts to quash the grand jury subpoena are unsuccessful .
the dailies all quote her lawyer 's comment that she will testify if his [tries] to quash the grand jury subpoena are unsuccessful .

Nor do we see Wallace 's cynical attempts to win black votes , such as when he made sure a photographer was present at his meeting with Rosa Parks in the '70s -- something the civil rights activist `` always resented , '' according to Carter .
nor do we see wallace 's cynical [tries] to win black votes , such as when he made sure a photographer was present at his meeting with rosa parks in the '70s -- something the civil rights activist `` always resented , '' according to carter .

To see what I 'm talking about , consider a recent Washington Post column by Robert Samuelson , in which he seems to dismiss all macroeconomic analysis -- all attempts to understand the behavior of aggregates such as gross domestic product and the price level -- as useless , even malign .
to see what i 'm talking about , consider a recent washington post column by robert samuelson , in which he seems to dismiss all macroeconomic analysis -- all [tries] to understand the behavior of aggregates such as gross domestic product and the price level -- as useless , even malign .

The immediate causes are many : A disastrous acquisition drains cash reserves and defocuses management ; a crucial technology trend is ignored ; attempts to diversify beyond the initial product line stall .
the immediate causes are many : a disastrous acquisition drains cash reserves and defocuses management ; a crucial technology trend is ignored ; [tries] to diversify beyond the initial product line stall .

These failures frightened investors , whose attempts to pull their money out led to more bank failures ; the desperate attempts of surviving banks to raise cash caused both a credit crunch ( pushing many businesses that had seemed financially sound only months before over the brink ) and plunging stock prices , bankrupting still more financial houses .
these failures frightened investors , whose [tries] to pull their money out led to more bank failures ; the desperate [tries] of surviving banks to raise cash caused both a credit crunch ( pushing many businesses that had seemed financially sound only months before over the brink ) and plunging stock prices , bankrupting still more financial houses .

In her piece , NYT Op-Ed writer Maureen Dowd lets McCain stick up for himself against `` whispered insinuations from Republicans , including some George W. Bush supporters , that his years in Vietcong dungeons , which included two suicide attempts , drove him cuckoo . ''
in her piece , nyt op-ed writer maureen dowd lets mccain stick up for himself against `` whispered insinuations from republicans , including some george w. bush supporters , that his years in vietcong dungeons , which included two suicide [tries] , drove him cuckoo . ''

One of the more remarked-upon trends in modern ( actually , postmodern , I guess ) advertising is the reliance upon anti-ads , those commercials that acknowledge the basic insincerity of the adman 's project and which presumably please viewers by nudge-nudge , wink-winking them in a way that recognizes how phenomenally aware we are of advertising 's attempts to ensnare us .
one of the more remarked-upon trends in modern ( actually , postmodern , i guess ) advertising is the reliance upon anti-ads , those commercials that acknowledge the basic insincerity of the adman 's project and which presumably please viewers by nudge-nudge , wink-winking them in a way that recognizes how phenomenally aware we are of advertising 's [tries] to ensnare us .

Chatterbox continues to find amusing Roberts ' desperate attempts to change the subject ( `` Senator , on guns and violence '' and `` Can we get to guns and violence ? ''
chatterbox continues to find amusing roberts ' desperate [tries] to change the subject ( `` senator , on guns and violence '' and `` can we get to guns and violence ? ''

They broke through checkpoints 117 times in 173 attempts .
they broke through checkpoints 117 times in 173 [tries] .

Each attempts to make libertarianism more respectable and popular .
each [tries] to make libertarianism more respectable and popular .

The paintings and drawings are grouped in such a way that we follow Close 's progression from the black-and-white enlargements of the late '60s to his puzzling attempts during the '70s to reproduce in paint the chemical process by which Polaroid cameras make color images .
the paintings and drawings are grouped in such a way that we follow close 's progression from the black-and-white enlargements of the late '60s to his puzzling [tries] during the '70s to reproduce in paint the chemical process by which polaroid cameras make color images .

Attempts at dramatic entrances were not always successful .
[tries] at dramatic entrances were not always successful .

When he attempts to lampoon what he sees as a silly orthodoxy , he often just gets it wrong .
when he [tries] to lampoon what he sees as a silly orthodoxy , he often just gets it wrong .

He described all his work as `` documents '' -- that is , not the poems , essays , polemics they seem to be , and certainly not `` art , '' but mere records of his flailing attempts to reach the elusive substance of Truth .
he described all his work as `` documents '' -- that is , not the poems , essays , polemics they seem to be , and certainly not `` art , '' but mere records of his flailing [tries] to reach the elusive substance of truth .

Instead , Stross spends most of his time talking about Microsoft 's attempts to produce consumer-software CDs , which is only anecdotally interesting .
instead , stross spends most of his time talking about microsoft 's [tries] to produce consumer-software cds , which is only anecdotally interesting .

Each evening , Betty waits up for her son , aware of his vain attempts to create a secret life for himself with Hong Kong 's prostitutes .
each evening , betty waits up for her son , aware of his vain [tries] to create a secret life for himself with hong kong 's prostitutes .

The fact that none of the various attempts , plans , and general conspiratorial notions to assassinate Hitler succeeded -- and that all but Stauffenberg 's never seemed plausible -- speaks for itself .
the fact that none of the various [tries] , plans , and general conspiratorial notions to assassinate hitler succeeded -- and that all but stauffenberg 's never seemed plausible -- speaks for itself .

He calls Eastwood `` one of the great ironists of the age '' and a `` postmodern '' hero : `` Clint 's gift , '' he writes , forever on a first-name basis with his subject , `` is to let us see the dark comedy in the American male 's contorting , distorting attempts to achieve his masteries of the moment while at the same time not entirely discrediting the tradition that makes him bid that effort . ''
he calls eastwood `` one of the great ironists of the age '' and a `` postmodern '' hero : `` clint 's gift , '' he writes , forever on a first-name basis with his subject , `` is to let us see the dark comedy in the american male 's contorting , distorting [tries] to achieve his masteries of the moment while at the same time not entirely discrediting the tradition that makes him bid that effort . ''

Schickel does seem to see him as some sort of Delphic oracle , and his attempts to translate the man 's monosyllabic pronouncements make for hilarity : `` 'Women , ' Clint says , a sort of sad befuddlement in his tone , 'always want to know what you 're thinking . '
schickel does seem to see him as some sort of delphic oracle , and his [tries] to translate the man 's monosyllabic pronouncements make for hilarity : `` 'women , ' clint says , a sort of sad befuddlement in his tone , 'always want to know what you 're thinking . '

According to an item in the WP , the federal government is n't so supple -- the federal agency that regulates credit unions is resisting attempts to eliminate any of the 34 jobs it created to deal with Y2K problems .
according to an item in the wp , the federal government is n't so supple -- the federal agency that regulates credit unions is resisting [tries] to eliminate any of the 34 jobs it created to deal with y2k problems .

Despite our attempts , almost zero outrage .
despite our [tries] , almost zero outrage .

We 'd also love to hear your reviews of the newspapers ' attempts to be funny , from political cartoons to columns from the likes of Maureen D , Molly Ivins , Dave Barry , etc . ''
we 'd also love to hear your reviews of the newspapers ' [tries] to be funny , from political cartoons to columns from the likes of maureen d , molly ivins , dave barry , etc . ''

Instead , most of it is `` market '' news -- fruitless attempts to explain what traders are going to do in the near future , or somewhat-beside-the-point explanations of why traders did what they did in the near past .
instead , most of it is `` market '' news -- fruitless [tries] to explain what traders are going to do in the near future , or somewhat-beside-the-point explanations of why traders did what they did in the near past .

In this new win-win world , there 's something almost unseemly about hostile takeover attempts .
in this new win-win world , there 's something almost unseemly about hostile takeover [tries] .

In issuing what amounted to a public vote of confidence in the market , IBM was actually continuing a venerable tradition of Establishment attempts to quell selling panics by intervening loudly and decisively .
in issuing what amounted to a public vote of confidence in the market , ibm was actually continuing a venerable tradition of establishment [tries] to quell selling panics by intervening loudly and decisively .

He said the United States now says that its recent attempts at dialogue with Iran have `` achieved nothing , '' and it has promised Israel that it will not defrost its relations with a country that is using terror to try to undermine the Middle East peace process .
he said the united states now says that its recent [tries] at dialogue with iran have `` achieved nothing , '' and it has promised israel that it will not defrost its relations with a country that is using terror to try to undermine the middle east peace process .

There have been some attempts to build `` political portals , '' such as PoliticsOnline.com .
there have been some [tries] to build `` political portals , '' such as politicsonline.com .

The paper recalled her well-known antipathy to Kohl and her quiet attempts , with the late President François Mitterrand of France , to stop German reunification by encouraging Moscow to block it .
the paper recalled her well-known antipathy to kohl and her quiet [tries] , with the late president françois mitterrand of france , to stop german reunification by encouraging moscow to block it .

His attempts to daunt contestants are more genial than ominous ( although `` Is that your final answer ? ''
his [tries] to daunt contestants are more genial than ominous ( although `` is that your final answer ? ''

Department of Transportation officials posed as airport employees and gained access to secure areas , including aircraft , in 117 out of 173 attempts .
department of transportation officials posed as airport employees and gained access to secure areas , including aircraft , in 117 out of 173 [tries] .

That 's what Liberty Heights attempts to recapture .
that 's what liberty heights [tries] to recapture .

There is a branch of economics called `` bargaining theory '' that attempts to answer such questions ; unfortunately , the answers turn out to depend rather heavily on auxiliary assumptions .
there is a branch of economics called `` bargaining theory '' that [tries] to answer such questions ; unfortunately , the answers turn out to depend rather heavily on auxiliary assumptions .

Oswald speculates that mass unemployment exists in the world today because of the rise in homeownership and the decline in private renting -- trends that are , in turn , the results of long-running attempts by most Western governments to raise the degree of homeownership ( largely through subsidies ) .
oswald speculates that mass unemployment exists in the world today because of the rise in homeownership and the decline in private renting -- trends that are , in turn , the results of long-running [tries] by most western governments to raise the degree of homeownership ( largely through subsidies ) .

Where those attempts have been most successful , the efficiency of labor markets has declined most dramatically .
where those [tries] have been most successful , the efficiency of labor markets has declined most dramatically .

In its independent review of the Clinton plan , health-care consulting firm Lewin-VHI noted that the act `` attempts to slow the growth in public and private health spending to the rate of growth in the CPI plus an allowance for population growth . ''
in its independent review of the clinton plan , health-care consulting firm lewin-vhi noted that the act `` [tries] to slow the growth in public and private health spending to the rate of growth in the cpi plus an allowance for population growth . ''

An example : Last October , I arranged for the normally anti-regulatory authors Philip Howard , Tom Peters , and David Osborne to join me in condemning environmental rollback attempts on the Hill .
an example : last october , i arranged for the normally anti-regulatory authors philip howard , tom peters , and david osborne to join me in condemning environmental rollback [tries] on the hill .

After criticizing naive American attempts at `` constructive engagement '' and `` dialogue '' across the Pacific , he writes , `` To the Asians , American concessions are not to be reciprocated , they are to be exploited . ''
after criticizing naive american [tries] at `` constructive engagement '' and `` dialogue '' across the pacific , he writes , `` to the asians , american concessions are not to be reciprocated , they are to be exploited . ''

Attempts to address the issue are uniting politicians across party and ideological lines , and the Clinton administration has set 2010 as the target date for eliminating racial disparities in health care .
[tries] to address the issue are uniting politicians across party and ideological lines , and the clinton administration has set 2010 as the target date for eliminating racial disparities in health care .

Clift points out that when the Lewinsky story first broke , the same McLaughlin panelists who now decry Hillary 's attempts at psychoanalysis were enthusiastically probing the roots of the president 's `` sex addiction . ''
clift points out that when the lewinsky story first broke , the same mclaughlin panelists who now decry hillary 's [tries] at psychoanalysis were enthusiastically probing the roots of the president 's `` sex addiction . ''

In the hubbub about the marketing of The Blair Witch Project , which has been tremendous , it 's important to keep in mind that there really is no simple formula by which hits happen , and that attempts to reduce popular success to that kind of formula are bound to lead you astray .
in the hubbub about the marketing of the blair witch project , which has been tremendous , it 's important to keep in mind that there really is no simple formula by which hits happen , and that [tries] to reduce popular success to that kind of formula are bound to lead you astray .

Undaunted , novelist O'Brien attempts something entirely different : She gives 179 pages of `` hardheaded hagiography in which she spends a lot of time knocking Joyce around '' ( Robert Sullivan , the New York Times Book Review ) .
undaunted , novelist o'brien [tries] something entirely different : she gives 179 pages of `` hardheaded hagiography in which she spends a lot of time knocking joyce around '' ( robert sullivan , the new york times book review ) .

Observers variously said the incident underscored 1 ) the imminent decline of the `` Puff Daddy '' empire ; 2 ) Combs ' futile attempts to gain `` street credibility '' ; and 3 ) the impossibility of blending the gangsta and corporate cultures .
observers variously said the incident underscored 1 ) the imminent decline of the `` puff daddy '' empire ; 2 ) combs ' futile [tries] to gain `` street credibility '' ; and 3 ) the impossibility of blending the gangsta and corporate cultures .

They frame lopsided yes/no questions and squelch attempts to articulate a middle ground .
they frame lopsided yes/no questions and squelch [tries] to articulate a middle ground .

The first hour , in which Arthur Sullivan ( Allan Corduner ) attempts to sever his ties with W.S .
the first hour , in which arthur sullivan ( allan corduner ) [tries] to sever his ties with w.s .

European papers keep a troubled eye on yet more avalanches in the Alps and the rescue attempts they are delaying .
european papers keep a troubled eye on yet more avalanches in the alps and the rescue [tries] they are delaying .

Looking back on the experience of the 20 th century , most people have concluded that attempts to eliminate inequality wholesale end in tears .
looking back on the experience of the 20 th century , most people have concluded that [tries] to eliminate inequality wholesale end in tears .

In fact , attempts at genocide are fairly rare .
in fact , [tries] at genocide are fairly rare .

In a story titled `` US fails to win right to bomb Kosovo , '' Britain 's Independent commented Monday that the Kosovo Albanians ' refusal to unilaterally sign on to the settlement frustrated U.S. attempts to corner Milosevic with the choice of accepting the peace package or facing airstrikes .
in a story titled `` us fails to win right to bomb kosovo , '' britain 's independent commented monday that the kosovo albanians ' refusal to unilaterally sign on to the settlement frustrated u.s. [tries] to corner milosevic with the choice of accepting the peace package or facing airstrikes .

Not that many of us would have known what to do in either situation -- our attempts at self-protection were mostly laughable .
not that many of us would have known what to do in either situation -- our [tries] at self-protection were mostly laughable .

The Independent said that `` travelling around the world by balloon does not herald any wonderful technological breakthrough to benefit humankind , '' and the Sunday Telegraph of London gloated over entrepreneur Richard Branson 's failure to achieve this ballooning record after four attempts .
the independent said that `` travelling around the world by balloon does not herald any wonderful technological breakthrough to benefit humankind , '' and the sunday telegraph of london gloated over entrepreneur richard branson 's failure to achieve this ballooning record after four [tries] .

Stadium owners have judged these costs to be large enough to warrant serious attempts to limit scalping ; and given the experience of the last two years , you do n't have to be an anti-market fanatic to argue that some limits on hot money would also be a good thing , if feasible .
stadium owners have judged these costs to be large enough to warrant serious [tries] to limit scalping ; and given the experience of the last two years , you do n't have to be an anti-market fanatic to argue that some limits on hot money would also be a good thing , if feasible .

A slew of critics finds the whole thing a bit off : Connery has 40 years on Zeta-Jones , and the highlight of the film is Zeta-Jones ' spandex-clad `` demi-soft-core tai chi '' ( Joe Morgenstern , the Wall Street Journal ) as she attempts to evade an optical security system in the process of ripping off a priceless gold mask .
a slew of critics finds the whole thing a bit off : connery has 40 years on zeta-jones , and the highlight of the film is zeta-jones ' spandex-clad `` demi-soft-core tai chi '' ( joe morgenstern , the wall street journal ) as she [tries] to evade an optical security system in the process of ripping off a priceless gold mask .

Reports depict the action as a response to DeLay 's attempts to pressure an industry lobbying group to hire a Republican rather than a Democrat as its president .
reports depict the action as a response to delay 's [tries] to pressure an industry lobbying group to hire a republican rather than a democrat as its president .

I frankly do n't know what to make of Besieged , which attempts to forge a complicated relationship between its protagonists through `` pure cinema , '' and has won admiration for being allusive , elusive , elliptical , and other words that begin with `` a '' and `` e '' ( enigmatic , ambivalent , evocative , etc . ) .
i frankly do n't know what to make of besieged , which [tries] to forge a complicated relationship between its protagonists through `` pure cinema , '' and has won admiration for being allusive , elusive , elliptical , and other words that begin with `` a '' and `` e '' ( enigmatic , ambivalent , evocative , etc . ) .

Khatami 's charm offensive is being impeded by Iran 's apparent attempts to develop nuclear weapons , fueling the drive for more sanctions by the U.S. Congress .
khatami 's charm offensive is being impeded by iran 's apparent [tries] to develop nuclear weapons , fueling the drive for more sanctions by the u.s. congress .

Critics are unanimously repulsed by Myles Berkowitz 's documentary about his attempts to find a girlfriend .
critics are unanimously repulsed by myles berkowitz 's documentary about his [tries] to find a girlfriend .

One better possibility would have been a real examination of how the century in art did finally turn American by way of various attempts to absorb European influences without being smothered by them .
one better possibility would have been a real examination of how the century in art did finally turn american by way of various [tries] to absorb european influences without being smothered by them .

All attempts to identify the poisoners are frustrated by a tradition of reluctance , even among their victims , to tangle with authority .
all [tries] to identify the poisoners are frustrated by a tradition of reluctance , even among their victims , to tangle with authority .

Other attempts to get people to pay what they owe are also way down .
other [tries] to get people to pay what they owe are also way down .

His desperate attempts to bed her make him reckless and seal his doom : Stung by a wasp outside her window , he staggers into school on Election Day with his eye as swollen and saggy as Quasimodo 's -- and morally hunchbacked , to boot .
his desperate [tries] to bed her make him reckless and seal his doom : stung by a wasp outside her window , he staggers into school on election day with his eye as swollen and saggy as quasimodo 's -- and morally hunchbacked , to boot .

The title refers to two Salt Lake City punks whose tentative attempts at rebellion are more funny and halfhearted than seriously anarchistic : It 's `` an absurdist coming-of-age comedy '' that 's `` better defined by its polish than by punk trappings '' ( Maslin , New York Times ) .
the title refers to two salt lake city punks whose tentative [tries] at rebellion are more funny and halfhearted than seriously anarchistic : it 's `` an absurdist coming-of-age comedy '' that 's `` better defined by its polish than by punk trappings '' ( maslin , new york times ) .

The main reason Linux users are increasingly concerned about Microsoft is because Microsoft increasingly attempts to set proprietary standards for how data are exchanged .
the main reason linux users are increasingly concerned about microsoft is because microsoft increasingly [tries] to set proprietary standards for how data are exchanged .

Woody Allen and Elisabeth Shue as a romantic couple in Deconstructing Harry mark yet another of Allen 's attempts to refute the observable laws of the universe , a bit of wishful thinking on par with cold fusion .
woody allen and elisabeth shue as a romantic couple in deconstructing harry mark yet another of allen 's [tries] to refute the observable laws of the universe , a bit of wishful thinking on par with cold fusion .

For 62 years the Secret Service ably sheltered the president from danger , despite assassination attempts on Franklin Roosevelt ( as president-elect , in 1933 ) and Harry Truman ( in 1950 ) .
for 62 years the secret service ably sheltered the president from danger , despite assassination [tries] on franklin roosevelt ( as president-elect , in 1933 ) and harry truman ( in 1950 ) .

MLB has no salary cap , and attempts to impose one sparked the 1994-1995 strike by the players union , resulting in the first cancellation of a World Series in 90 years .
mlb has no salary cap , and [tries] to impose one sparked the 1994-1995 strike by the players union , resulting in the first cancellation of a world series in 90 years .

Attempts at compromise -- amendments guaranteeing that future agreements will include provisions protecting the environment and workers ' rights -- have failed to placate these groups .
[tries] at compromise -- amendments guaranteeing that future agreements will include provisions protecting the environment and workers ' rights -- have failed to placate these groups .

Karenga 's early attempts to popularize the holiday were directed at a relatively small group of activists .
karenga 's early [tries] to popularize the holiday were directed at a relatively small group of activists .

They believe that all attempts at establishing national curricula will be riddled with ideology and partisan politics , and cite the controversial history-curricula guidelines drafted by the Department of Education two years ago .
they believe that all [tries] at establishing national curricula will be riddled with ideology and partisan politics , and cite the controversial history-curricula guidelines drafted by the department of education two years ago .

For reasons unknown , Albright has rejected Simova 's attempts to set up more meetings , though Simova is her only surviving Czech relative .
for reasons unknown , albright has rejected simova 's [tries] to set up more meetings , though simova is her only surviving czech relative .

The history of central bank attempts to deflate overvalued stock prices is not encouraging .
the history of central bank [tries] to deflate overvalued stock prices is not encouraging .

McCain-Feingold attempts to rein in political spending by corporations and unions through expanding the definition of `` express advocacy . ''
mccain-feingold [tries] to rein in political spending by corporations and unions through expanding the definition of `` express advocacy . ''

These attempts to stamp out free thinking suggest what is really going on inside the GOP : an effort to submerge the battle of ideas .
these [tries] to stamp out free thinking suggest what is really going on inside the gop : an effort to submerge the battle of ideas .

It attempts to avoid the stale dismissive cliché `` talking heads , '' but sometimes , in a hurry , does refer to the breed , with simple dignity , as `` the heads . ''
it [tries] to avoid the stale dismissive cliché `` talking heads , '' but sometimes , in a hurry , does refer to the breed , with simple dignity , as `` the heads . ''

The CDA , as most people reading this probably know , attempts to regulate content through criminal penalties for those who violate standards of decency ( standards drawn so broadly that they might prohibit , for instance , David Sedaris ' `` Diary '' from last week ) with `` any comment , request , suggestion , proposal , image , or other communication that , in context , depicts or describes , in terms patently offensive as measured by contemporary standards , sexual or excretory activities or organs . ''
the cda , as most people reading this probably know , [tries] to regulate content through criminal penalties for those who violate standards of decency ( standards drawn so broadly that they might prohibit , for instance , david sedaris ' `` diary '' from last week ) with `` any comment , request , suggestion , proposal , image , or other communication that , in context , depicts or describes , in terms patently offensive as measured by contemporary standards , sexual or excretory activities or organs . ''

The News attempts to set the campaign agenda .
the news [tries] to set the campaign agenda .

Responding to the whistles and taunts of Old Man Moon , she attempts to re-enact the fairy tale and `` jump over the moon . ''
responding to the whistles and taunts of old man moon , she [tries] to re-enact the fairy tale and `` jump over the moon . ''

Elizabeth attempts to make three separate points , all of them critical to the Dole campaign .
elizabeth [tries] to make three separate points , all of them critical to the dole campaign .

Thus the ad hits its target -- but it never attempts to tell us why Crown Royal hits the spot .
thus the ad hits its target -- but it never [tries] to tell us why crown royal hits the spot .

The spot attempts to define the race ; it 's a road map to where Mark 's campaign intends to go .
the spot [tries] to define the race ; it 's a road map to where mark 's campaign intends to go .

In this 1896 novel , a vivisectionist attempts to transform animals into men until the misshapen creatures revert and kill him , the forces of nature overcoming man 's civilizing artifices .
in this 1896 novel , a vivisectionist [tries] to transform animals into men until the misshapen creatures revert and kill him , the forces of nature overcoming man 's civilizing artifices .

Sam Peckinpah 's The Wild Bunch ( 1969 ) features existentially disillusioned outlaws going out in a montage of bloody chaos , Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid ( 1969 ) is an outlaw buddy film , and Dances With Wolves ( 1990 ) attempts to revise entirely the concepts of both `` order '' and `` the west . ''
sam peckinpah 's the wild bunch ( 1969 ) features existentially disillusioned outlaws going out in a montage of bloody chaos , butch cassidy and the sundance kid ( 1969 ) is an outlaw buddy film , and dances with wolves ( 1990 ) [tries] to revise entirely the concepts of both `` order '' and `` the west . ''

Eponymous terms allow almost anyone to display competence , even brilliance , at coining useful and appropriate-sounding new words -- thereby encouraging further attempts to do so .
eponymous terms allow almost anyone to display competence , even brilliance , at coining useful and appropriate-sounding new words -- thereby encouraging further [tries] to do so .

Welfare System Dies as State Programs Emerge '' with its observation that despite many ongoing attempts at reform around the country , `` the states with the three largest welfare populations -- California , New York and Texas -- have mostly been absent from the trend . ''
welfare system dies as state programs emerge '' with its observation that despite many ongoing [tries] at reform around the country , `` the states with the three largest welfare populations -- california , new york and texas -- have mostly been absent from the trend . ''

The software keeps a log of the sites the child has attempted to access , `` including attempts to access blocked material . ''
the software keeps a log of the sites the child has attempted to access , `` including [tries] to access blocked material . ''

The problem is in the country 's rural areas , where there seems to be an epidemic of impulsive suicide attempts , made more gruesome by the availability of a pesticide that does n't taste too bad .
the problem is in the country 's rural areas , where there seems to be an epidemic of impulsive suicide [tries] , made more gruesome by the availability of a pesticide that does n't taste too bad .

The WP , NYT , and LAT each report on a Westminster , California shopkeeper 's attempts to display a poster of Ho Chi Minh and a Communist Vietnam flag in his video store 's window .
the wp , nyt , and lat each report on a westminster , california shopkeeper 's [tries] to display a poster of ho chi minh and a communist vietnam flag in his video store 's window .

Only the Los Angeles Times fronts the situation in the Gulf : the lead describes Iraqi attempts to lure American planes into missile range and threats to fire on planes patrolling the no-fly zone .
only the los angeles times fronts the situation in the gulf : the lead describes iraqi [tries] to lure american planes into missile range and threats to fire on planes patrolling the no-fly zone .

The article chronicles RCC 's elaborate attempts to escape punishment , employing no less than two former U.S .
the article chronicles rcc 's elaborate [tries] to escape punishment , employing no less than two former u.s .

Similarly , most say the Senate should end attempts to censure him , but almost half say Clinton should have to face criminal charges either now or after he leaves office .
similarly , most say the senate should end [tries] to censure him , but almost half say clinton should have to face criminal charges either now or after he leaves office .

The Post goes with President Clinton 's attempts to marshal congressional support for the coming storm .
the post goes with president clinton 's [tries] to marshal congressional support for the coming storm .

The merger idea , says the Post , had gained strength recently in response to increased attempts to limit teacher rights and to give students publicly funded vouchers to attend private schools .
the merger idea , says the post , had gained strength recently in response to increased [tries] to limit teacher rights and to give students publicly funded vouchers to attend private schools .

This allows the feds to seize any U.S. assets he may possess and hopefully weakens his attempts at financing terrorist activities .
this allows the feds to seize any u.s. assets he may possess and hopefully weakens his [tries] at financing terrorist activities .

The WSJ says the report also alleges that attempts by Vernon Jordan to find Lewinsky a job were aimed at keeping her silent .
the wsj says the report also alleges that [tries] by vernon jordan to find lewinsky a job were aimed at keeping her silent .

It 's not clear if this refusal will lead to another round of legal battles , as the White House 's attempts to block Breuer 's testimony were previously denied .
it 's not clear if this refusal will lead to another round of legal battles , as the white house 's [tries] to block breuer 's testimony were previously denied .

A NYT Week in Review piece questions the wisdom of recent attempts to align the values of the military with the rest of society .
a nyt week in review piece questions the wisdom of recent [tries] to align the values of the military with the rest of society .

It is not hard to see why publicity- and work-hungry actresses might like ubiquitous , but it would be wise to give up attempts at analysis before coping with eggplant and kumquat , though Frumkes does suggest that they reflect a proclivity for ovoid objects .
it is not hard to see why publicity- and work-hungry actresses might like ubiquitous , but it would be wise to give up [tries] at analysis before coping with eggplant and kumquat , though frumkes does suggest that they reflect a proclivity for ovoid objects .

Other attempts may be simply off -- the bad end of the stick of life , there 's no dog like an old dog -- or inspired : That throws a wrench into your soup , does n't it ?
other [tries] may be simply off -- the bad end of the stick of life , there 's no dog like an old dog -- or inspired : that throws a wrench into your soup , does n't it ?

Mondadori 's Pocket Italian-English English-Italian Dictionary ( 1959 ) attempts to introduce its Anglophone users to the glories of Italian civilization by entering the names of some of its avatars and describing their achievements in English :
mondadori 's pocket italian-english english-italian dictionary ( 1959 ) [tries] to introduce its anglophone users to the glories of italian civilization by entering the names of some of its avatars and describing their achievements in english :

The explanations the lexicographers proceed to provide for the names are explicit attempts to justify their inclusion .
the explanations the lexicographers proceed to provide for the names are explicit [tries] to justify their inclusion .

While we are about it , London remains an obscure name , despite attempts to interpret it as Londinos ' place , from a Celtic personal name said to mean wild one .
while we are about it , london remains an obscure name , despite [tries] to interpret it as londinos ' place , from a celtic personal name said to mean wild one .

Thus , it is with the greatest tolerance and sympathy that one approaches the review of a book that , in its first fifty pages , attempts to provide users with some inkling as to what is going on in English word order , whether the book was written by a native speaker or a foreigner .
thus , it is with the greatest tolerance and sympathy that one approaches the review of a book that , in its first fifty pages , [tries] to provide users with some inkling as to what is going on in english word order , whether the book was written by a native speaker or a foreigner .

The citations are shown to add explanatory information to the definitions as well as context , not , as in the OED , as attempts at establishing earliest recorded evidence .
the citations are shown to add explanatory information to the definitions as well as context , not , as in the oed , as [tries] at establishing earliest recorded evidence .

The hyphens that separate -athon from the base morpheme is most new usages surely are self-conscious attempts to call attention to the wit invested in the coinage , like parsley atop a casserole of leftovers .
the hyphens that separate -athon from the base morpheme is most new usages surely are self-conscious [tries] to call attention to the wit invested in the coinage , like parsley atop a casserole of leftovers .

Its euphemisms are so blatant that no one could fail to recognize them as anything but straightforward attempts to deny the truth .
its euphemisms are so blatant that no one could fail to recognize them as anything but straightforward [tries] to deny the truth .

Attempts have even been made to introduce the works of Shakespeare to the masses by translating them into Tok Pisin .
[tries] have even been made to introduce the works of shakespeare to the masses by translating them into tok pisin .

One 's outrage over some disastrous contretemps is alleviated somewhat by the culprit 's risible attempts to explain away the circumstances of his crime in pidgin .
one 's outrage over some disastrous contretemps is alleviated somewhat by the culprit 's risible [tries] to explain away the circumstances of his crime in pidgin .

In such cases the writer is using a phonetic spelling that reminds us of the incorrect attempts made by children or the uneducated at spelling these words .
in such cases the writer is using a phonetic spelling that reminds us of the incorrect [tries] made by children or the uneducated at spelling these words .

Unless I have missed a range of expressions , the conclusion one can draw from the above is that the language we use to describe the initial attempts to establish sexual relations is either puritanical , or hostile , or frivolous , or ambiguous , hardly the range one would expect in an open , sexually healthy , egalitarian society .
unless i have missed a range of expressions , the conclusion one can draw from the above is that the language we use to describe the initial [tries] to establish sexual relations is either puritanical , or hostile , or frivolous , or ambiguous , hardly the range one would expect in an open , sexually healthy , egalitarian society .

My closing comment referred to current research that attempts to show that homosexuality is gene-related , which I termed “ fatalistic ” because it would appear to relieve any individual of responsibility for his actions : as we learn from frequent press reports , defense attorneys are seeking exoneration for their clients on the grounds that although they committed the crime in question , it was circumstances -- abuse when they were children is quite popular -- that were responsible for their actions , and they should be let off .
my closing comment referred to current research that [tries] to show that homosexuality is gene-related , which i termed “ fatalistic ” because it would appear to relieve any individual of responsibility for his actions : as we learn from frequent press reports , defense attorneys are seeking exoneration for their clients on the grounds that although they committed the crime in question , it was circumstances -- abuse when they were children is quite popular -- that were responsible for their actions , and they should be let off .

Laurence Urdang Everyday Phrases Originally published in 1983 , here is another book in Cassell 's attempts at breathing a little life into what should have been left to molder on the shelf .
laurence urdang everyday phrases originally published in 1983 , here is another book in cassell 's [tries] at breathing a little life into what should have been left to molder on the shelf .

The monograph concludes with a chapter on therapeutic friendship , dealing chiefly with Johnson 's attempts to steer Boswell into a more sensible way of life and behavior .
the monograph concludes with a chapter on therapeutic friendship , dealing chiefly with johnson 's [tries] to steer boswell into a more sensible way of life and behavior .

If a child , in early attempts at cookery , made a mess , it was a mommick or a begarm , both of which were used as noun and verb .
if a child , in early [tries] at cookery , made a mess , it was a mommick or a begarm , both of which were used as noun and verb .

There have been various attempts to illuminate the uncertain origin of grockle , from the fanciful to the plausible .
there have been various [tries] to illuminate the uncertain origin of grockle , from the fanciful to the plausible .

People who are concerned that the vibrant vitality of English is diminished by its aberrant spelling , reliance on idiom , and inconsistent , ambiguous grammar may derive consolation ( but little pleasure ) from the attempts to codify the language as described in English Improved .
people who are concerned that the vibrant vitality of english is diminished by its aberrant spelling , reliance on idiom , and inconsistent , ambiguous grammar may derive consolation ( but little pleasure ) from the [tries] to codify the language as described in english improved .

American Grammar Although this is essentially a textbook , it is lucidly written and presented and can be commended to those who have been less than satisfied by earlier attempts to provide a clear exposition of Chomskyan grammar .
american grammar although this is essentially a textbook , it is lucidly written and presented and can be commended to those who have been less than satisfied by earlier [tries] to provide a clear exposition of chomskyan grammar .

The spellings of a few of the words , like singarette and worman , are attempts at reflecting their pronounciation , for they have no spelled tradition .
the spellings of a few of the words , like singarette and worman , are [tries] at reflecting their pronounciation , for they have no spelled tradition .

Scholars generally agree that the use of a numerical marking system preceded attempts at developing methods for transcribing language per se ; I find in accepting that fact some interesting implications for theories about how the mind works and , in particular , its capacity for abstracting .
scholars generally agree that the use of a numerical marking system preceded [tries] at developing methods for transcribing language per se ; i find in accepting that fact some interesting implications for theories about how the mind works and , in particular , its capacity for abstracting .

It is called “ chatter ” by Jessica 's manager ( male ) , who attempts to teach his grade-school “ persons of summer ” the finer points of the game , and who often exhorts them from the sidelines , “ Let 's hear a little bit of chatter , now , ” to which Jessica and the males on the team readily and rapidly respond “ Alright , keed , knock it down his ( or her , when applicable , and the pitcher for the opposing team is also female ) throat ” in support of a teammate at bat , or “ Hit it to me , ” “ Make him hit it onna ground , ” “ Punch him out ( current jargon for exhorting one 's own pitcher to put out the opposing batter on strikes , known as a strikeout ) ” and suchlike .
it is called “ chatter ” by jessica 's manager ( male ) , who [tries] to teach his grade-school “ persons of summer ” the finer points of the game , and who often exhorts them from the sidelines , “ let 's hear a little bit of chatter , now , ” to which jessica and the males on the team readily and rapidly respond “ alright , keed , knock it down his ( or her , when applicable , and the pitcher for the opposing team is also female ) throat ” in support of a teammate at bat , or “ hit it to me , ” “ make him hit it onna ground , ” “ punch him out ( current jargon for exhorting one 's own pitcher to put out the opposing batter on strikes , known as a strikeout ) ” and suchlike .

Several philosophies of defining prevail—not too abstruse to go into in VERBATIM , but a not entirely appropriate aside here—and the style cleaved to by Gove attempts an approach that is progressively restrictive or expansive , depending on the nature of the word defined .
several philosophies of defining prevail—not too abstruse to go into in verbatim , but a not entirely appropriate aside here—and the style cleaved to by gove [tries] an approach that is progressively restrictive or expansive , depending on the nature of the word defined .

It has to be said that if one attempts a literal translation of many Chinese placenames one simply ends up with a sense that is surreal rather than suitable .
it has to be said that if one [tries] a literal translation of many chinese placenames one simply ends up with a sense that is surreal rather than suitable .

Attempts at updating it have been largely unsatisfactory , for they are marred not only by poor choices for addenda but mainly by the deletion of colorful , interesting , quaint , and charming older entries to make room for the new .
[tries] at updating it have been largely unsatisfactory , for they are marred not only by poor choices for addenda but mainly by the deletion of colorful , interesting , quaint , and charming older entries to make room for the new .

In this way , language at least attempts to follow a path of least resistance , in which the effort expended in writing or speech is lessened .
in this way , language at least [tries] to follow a path of least resistance , in which the effort expended in writing or speech is lessened .

