Other witnesses , after appearances before the jury , which reportedly is probing into possible income tax violations , disclosed that government prosecutors were attempting to connect Stein and his company with a number of gangsters , including Glimco and Alex .
other witnesses , after appearances before the jury , which reportedly is probing into possible income tax violations , disclosed that government prosecutors were [trying] to connect stein and his company with a number of gangsters , including glimco and alex .

Paradoxically , the same week in which Senator McClellan was attempting to extend the anti-trust act to labor in transportation , the Civil Aeronautics Board was assuring the airlines that if they met in concert to eliminate many costly features of air travel , the action would not be deemed a violation of the anti-trust act .
paradoxically , the same week in which senator mcclellan was [trying] to extend the anti-trust act to labor in transportation , the civil aeronautics board was assuring the airlines that if they met in concert to eliminate many costly features of air travel , the action would not be deemed a violation of the anti-trust act .

The British and other replies to that Moscow note pointed out efforts of the Communist authorities `` to integrate East Berlin into East Germany by isolating it from the outside and attempting to make it the capital of East Germany '' .
the british and other replies to that moscow note pointed out efforts of the communist authorities `` to integrate east berlin into east germany by isolating it from the outside and [trying] to make it the capital of east germany '' .

Instead of attempting the impossible , why not a publicity campaign to prove that all the tiger's stripes are not black ? ?
instead of [trying] the impossible , why not a publicity campaign to prove that all the tiger's stripes are not black ? ?

What we are attempting to do is achieve and maintain a balance between medium density and low density residential areas and industrial and commercial development .
what we are [trying] to do is achieve and maintain a balance between medium density and low density residential areas and industrial and commercial development .

Mr. Richard Preston , executive director of the New Hampshire State Planning and Development Commission , in his remarks to the Governors Conference on Industrial Development at Providence on October 8 , 1960 , warned against the fallacy of attempting to attract industry solely to reduce the tax rate or to underwrite municipal services such as schools when he said : `` If this is the fundamental reason for a community's interest or if this is the basic approach , success if any will be difficult to obtain '' .
mr. richard preston , executive director of the new hampshire state planning and development commission , in his remarks to the governors conference on industrial development at providence on october 8 , 1960 , warned against the fallacy of [trying] to attract industry solely to reduce the tax rate or to underwrite municipal services such as schools when he said : `` if this is the fundamental reason for a community's interest or if this is the basic approach , success if any will be difficult to obtain '' .

The only original works attempting to reach any stature : Tennessee Williams' disappointing domestic comedy , Period Of Adjustment , and Arthur Laurents' clever but empty Invitation To A March .
the only original works [trying] to reach any stature : tennessee williams' disappointing domestic comedy , period of adjustment , and arthur laurents' clever but empty invitation to a march .

James , he remarks in a letter to a friend , `` is attempting the impossible namely , to produce upon the reader , as a painting produces upon the gazer , a number of superimposed , simultaneous impressions .
james , he remarks in a letter to a friend , `` is [trying] the impossible namely , to produce upon the reader , as a painting produces upon the gazer , a number of superimposed , simultaneous impressions .

Doubts thus inculcated left me floundering for a while and , like some higher critical friends , trying to continue to use the Bible as the Word of God while at the same time holding it to have been subjected to a vast number of redactions and interpolations : attempting to bridge the chasm between an older , reverent , Bible-loving generation and a critical , doubting , Bible-emancipated race .
doubts thus inculcated left me floundering for a while and , like some higher critical friends , trying to continue to use the bible as the word of god while at the same time holding it to have been subjected to a vast number of redactions and interpolations : [trying] to bridge the chasm between an older , reverent , bible-loving generation and a critical , doubting , bible-emancipated race .

For a number of years , Wesleyan has been drawing varied groups of political and business leaders into these informal discussions with members of the faculty and student body , attempting to explore and clarify aspects of their responsibility for public policy .
for a number of years , wesleyan has been drawing varied groups of political and business leaders into these informal discussions with members of the faculty and student body , [trying] to explore and clarify aspects of their responsibility for public policy .

Vesole rushed from gun to gun , attempting to direct fire .
vesole rushed from gun to gun , [trying] to direct fire .

As `` a matter of fact no such complete solution of the dream has ever been accomplished in any case , , and what is more , every one attempting such solution has found that in most cases there have remained a great many components of the dream the source of which he has been unable to explain nor is the discussion closed on the subject of the mantic or prophetic power of dreams '' .
as `` a matter of fact no such complete solution of the dream has ever been accomplished in any case , , and what is more , every one [trying] such solution has found that in most cases there have remained a great many components of the dream the source of which he has been unable to explain nor is the discussion closed on the subject of the mantic or prophetic power of dreams '' .

( In the graveyard at Nairobi he had been shown the graves of thirty-four big game hunters killed hunting the animals he was attempting to lasso .
( in the graveyard at nairobi he had been shown the graves of thirty-four big game hunters killed hunting the animals he was [trying] to lasso .

What is the history of criticism but the history of men attempting to make sense of the manifold elements in art that will not allow themselves to be reduced to a single philosophy or a single aesthetic theory ? ?
what is the history of criticism but the history of men [trying] to make sense of the manifold elements in art that will not allow themselves to be reduced to a single philosophy or a single aesthetic theory ? ?

`` Don't forget , here was a man who had been accusing his colleagues for almost a year of willfully attempting to present an incorrect report .
`` don't forget , here was a man who had been accusing his colleagues for almost a year of willfully [trying] to present an incorrect report .

This section shall not apply to corporations purchasing such stock solely for investment and not using the same by voting or otherwise to bring about , or in attempting to bring about , the substantial lessening of competition .
this section shall not apply to corporations purchasing such stock solely for investment and not using the same by voting or otherwise to bring about , or in [trying] to bring about , the substantial lessening of competition .

In attempting to improve specificity of staining , the fluorescein-labeled antisera used in both direct and indirect methods were treated in one of several ways : ( 1 ) They were passed through Dowex-2-chloride twice and treated with acetone insoluble powders ( Coons , 1958 ) prepared from mouse liver or from healthy sweet clover stems or crown gall tissue produced by Agrobacterium tumefaciens ( E. F. Smith & Townsend ) on sweet clover stems .
in [trying] to improve specificity of staining , the fluorescein-labeled antisera used in both direct and indirect methods were treated in one of several ways : ( 1 ) they were passed through dowex-2-chloride twice and treated with acetone insoluble powders ( coons , 1958 ) prepared from mouse liver or from healthy sweet clover stems or crown gall tissue produced by agrobacterium tumefaciens ( e. f. smith & townsend ) on sweet clover stems .

The two major newspapers in Providence continued , throughout the crisis , to accuse each other of misrepresenting the facts and attempting to falsify history .
the two major newspapers in providence continued , throughout the crisis , to accuse each other of misrepresenting the facts and [trying] to falsify history .

We have come to you to experience something of your way of life while also attempting to acquaint you with that of ours .
we have come to you to experience something of your way of life while also [trying] to acquaint you with that of ours .

Alex explained that they had been out for a stroll before breakfast while the doctor edged around behind him , attempting to hide the protuberance at his left side behind Alex's arm and back .
alex explained that they had been out for a stroll before breakfast while the doctor edged around behind him , [trying] to hide the protuberance at his left side behind alex's arm and back .

The doctor , he noticed , was attempting a transverse movement towards the stairs , but before the movement could be completed a distinct and audible cluck ruffled the air in the hollow of the stair-well .
the doctor , he noticed , was [trying] a transverse movement towards the stairs , but before the movement could be completed a distinct and audible cluck ruffled the air in the hollow of the stair-well .

Conchita nagged at the younger children , attempting without success to keep her thoughts off Tom Brannon .
conchita nagged at the younger children , [trying] without success to keep her thoughts off tom brannon .

Nate turned his head , attempting to speak in a soothing voice .
nate turned his head , [trying] to speak in a soothing voice .

In December last year though , a jury at Aylesbury Crown Court had found her guilty of attempting to rob the Midland Bank at Lane End , in Buckinghamshire last May .
in december last year though , a jury at aylesbury crown court had found her guilty of [trying] to rob the midland bank at lane end , in buckinghamshire last may .

The report says the 57-year-old pilot David Kay was attempting to land in low cloud and heavy rain .
the report says the 57-year-old pilot david kay was [trying] to land in low cloud and heavy rain .

The report says the 57-year-old pilot David Kay was attempting to land in low cloud and heavy rain .
the report says the 57-year-old pilot david kay was [trying] to land in low cloud and heavy rain .

The investigation team said Mr Gower was probably attempting an emergency landing when the plane hit a tree and nose-dived to the ground .
the investigation team said mr gower was probably [trying] an emergency landing when the plane hit a tree and nose-dived to the ground .

The investigation team said Mr Gower was probably attempting an emergency landing when the plane hit a tree and nose-dived to the ground .
the investigation team said mr gower was probably [trying] an emergency landing when the plane hit a tree and nose-dived to the ground .

Three accused of attempting to murder couple for the insurance money .
three accused of [trying] to murder couple for the insurance money .

Together with Mark Evans from Staunton in Gloucestershire and his lover , Sheila Stroud , also from Staunton , he 's charged with attempting to murder Pauline Leyshon and her boyfriend , Ivor Stokle … both from Gloucester .
together with mark evans from staunton in gloucestershire and his lover , sheila stroud , also from staunton , he 's charged with [trying] to murder pauline leyshon and her boyfriend , ivor stokle … both from gloucester .

Norman White , Mark Evans and his girlfriend Sheila Stroud are all charged with attempting to murder Mrs Leyshon and her boyfriend Ivor Stokle .
norman white , mark evans and his girlfriend sheila stroud are all charged with [trying] to murder mrs leyshon and her boyfriend ivor stokle .

Archeologists are attempting to unravel the secret of the White Horse of Uffington .
archeologists are [trying] to unravel the secret of the white horse of uffington .

Yet Murray Stewart , formerly known as Murray Reilly , was serving a 5 year sentence for attempting to defraud British Aerospace of £40m .
yet murray stewart , formerly known as murray reilly , was serving a 5 year sentence for [trying] to defraud british aerospace of £40m .

Murray Stewart was jailed in the summer for attempting a £40m computer fraud .
murray stewart was jailed in the summer for [trying] a £40m computer fraud .

This was the first real chance of a score a couple of minutes earlier , Neil Smith attempting a drop goal .
this was the first real chance of a score a couple of minutes earlier , neil smith [trying] a drop goal .

Allitt , 24 , of First Avenue , Grantham , Lincs , denies murdering four children and attempting to murder and causing grievous bodily harm with intent to ten children and a 73-year-old woman .
allitt , 24 , of first avenue , grantham , lincs , denies murdering four children and [trying] to murder and causing grievous bodily harm with intent to ten children and a 73-year-old woman .

She is accused of attempting to murder and causing grievous bodily harm with intent to Katie Phillips , Becky 's twin , Kayley Desmond , 14 months , Paul Crampton , four months , Henry Chan , two , Christopher Peasgood , eight weeks , Christopher King , five weeks , Patrick Elstone , seven weeks , Bradley Gibson , five , Michael Davidson , six , Dorothy Lowe , 73 , and Jonathan Jobson , 15 .
she is accused of [trying] to murder and causing grievous bodily harm with intent to katie phillips , becky 's twin , kayley desmond , 14 months , paul crampton , four months , henry chan , two , christopher peasgood , eight weeks , christopher king , five weeks , patrick elstone , seven weeks , bradley gibson , five , michael davidson , six , dorothy lowe , 73 , and jonathan jobson , 15 .

Allitt , of First Avenue , Grantham , has pleaded not guilty to a total of 26 charges , including the murders of four children , attempting to murder 11 other people and grievous bodily harm with intent .
allitt , of first avenue , grantham , has pleaded not guilty to a total of 26 charges , including the murders of four children , [trying] to murder 11 other people and grievous bodily harm with intent .

At the time , ScotRail was also attempting to get through a similar application for the junction at Westerton , outside Glasgow .
at the time , scotrail was also [trying] to get through a similar application for the junction at westerton , outside glasgow .

‘ They are attempting to drive us from the Highlands , but they can not .
‘ they are [trying] to drive us from the highlands , but they can not .

Robert McLaren , 30 , made the claim at the High Court sitting at Perth when his brother was accused of endangering his life and attempting to murder him .
robert mclaren , 30 , made the claim at the high court sitting at perth when his brother was accused of endangering his life and [trying] to murder him .

Allitt , 24 , from Corby Glen , near Grantham , Lincs , denies murdering Liam and three other children , and attempting to murder and causing grievous bodily harm with intent to ten children and a 73-year-old woman .
allitt , 24 , from corby glen , near grantham , lincs , denies murdering liam and three other children , and [trying] to murder and causing grievous bodily harm with intent to ten children and a 73-year-old woman .

Allitt , 24 , from Corby Glen , near Grantham , Lincolnshire , denies murdering Liam and three other children in her care in 1991 , and attempting to murder 10 other children and a 73-year-old woman .
allitt , 24 , from corby glen , near grantham , lincolnshire , denies murdering liam and three other children in her care in 1991 , and [trying] to murder 10 other children and a 73-year-old woman .

Harris , of Shieldhall Road , West Drumoyne , Glasgow , had been found guilty of assaulting Mr Brown and attempting to murder him on 18 February last year in Shieldhall Road .
harris , of shieldhall road , west drumoyne , glasgow , had been found guilty of assaulting mr brown and [trying] to murder him on 18 february last year in shieldhall road .

Allitt , 24 , from Corby Glen , near Grantham , denies murdering four children in her care in 1991 and attempting to murder nine child patients , the 15-year-old brother of her flat-mate and a 73-year-old woman .
allitt , 24 , from corby glen , near grantham , denies murdering four children in her care in 1991 and [trying] to murder nine child patients , the 15-year-old brother of her flat-mate and a 73-year-old woman .

He admitted three charges of illegally camping in a lay-by and two charges of attempting to pervert the course of justice by giving a false name to police .
he admitted three charges of illegally camping in a lay-by and two charges of [trying] to pervert the course of justice by giving a false name to police .

But Michael Quigg was sentenced to eight years in jail after being found guilty of stabbing and attempting to murder Angus McMaster in Paisley on May 16 last year , and carrying a knife .
but michael quigg was sentenced to eight years in jail after being found guilty of stabbing and [trying] to murder angus mcmaster in paisley on may 16 last year , and carrying a knife .

Kayley had been under observation by Nurse Motley and Beverley Allitt , 24 , who denies murdering four child patients and attempting to murder nine others , including Kayley , at Grantham and Kesteven Hospital in Lincolnshire in 1991 .
kayley had been under observation by nurse motley and beverley allitt , 24 , who denies murdering four child patients and [trying] to murder nine others , including kayley , at grantham and kesteven hospital in lincolnshire in 1991 .

Allitt , 24 , from Corby Glen , near Grantham , also denies attempting to murder the 15-year-old brother of her flat- mate and a 73-year-old woman .
allitt , 24 , from corby glen , near grantham , also denies [trying] to murder the 15-year-old brother of her flat- mate and a 73-year-old woman .

McPherson , of Halkett Crescent , Rosshead , Alexandria , denied taking part in attempting to murder Mr O'Donnell on February 25 last , lodging a special defence of incrimination naming six men .
mcpherson , of halkett crescent , rosshead , alexandria , denied taking part in [trying] to murder mr o'donnell on february 25 last , lodging a special defence of incrimination naming six men .

Harty , 27 , of Zetland Hunt , The Chase , Aycliffe , admitted fishing without a licence and attempting to take fish in water where there was a private right of fishery .
harty , 27 , of zetland hunt , the chase , aycliffe , admitted fishing without a licence and [trying] to take fish in water where there was a private right of fishery .

Yesterday Yousefi appeared before Teesside Crown Court charged with two offences of attempting to obtain by deception , four offences of obtaining a pecuniary advantage by deception and five offences of obtaining by deception .
yesterday yousefi appeared before teesside crown court charged with two offences of [trying] to obtain by deception , four offences of obtaining a pecuniary advantage by deception and five offences of obtaining by deception .

Nichol , 23 , formerly of Regal Drive , Darlington , denies attempting to murder 47-year-old occupational therapist Mrs Chandler .
nichol , 23 , formerly of regal drive , darlington , denies [trying] to murder 47-year-old occupational therapist mrs chandler .

Darren Nichol is accused of attempting to murder coast-to- coast walker Josephine Chandler as she hiked through Catterick Bridge , North Yorkshire .
darren nichol is accused of [trying] to murder coast-to- coast walker josephine chandler as she hiked through catterick bridge , north yorkshire .

Parvis Yousefi was found guilty at Teesside Crown Court yesterday of four offences of attempting to obtain a pecuniary advantage , five of obtaining property by deception and attempting to obtain property by deception .
parvis yousefi was found guilty at teesside crown court yesterday of four offences of [trying] to obtain a pecuniary advantage , five of obtaining property by deception and [trying] to obtain property by deception .

The jury found Yousefi not guilty of attempting to obtain £43,225 by applying for a loan in the name of Garawand to buy his own home .
the jury found yousefi not guilty of [trying] to obtain £43,225 by applying for a loan in the name of garawand to buy his own home .

Parvis Yousefi was convicted of four offences of attempting to obtain a pecuniary advantage , five offences of obtaining property by deception and attempting to obtain by deception .
parvis yousefi was convicted of four offences of [trying] to obtain a pecuniary advantage , five offences of obtaining property by deception and [trying] to obtain by deception .

Yousefi was found not guilty of attempting to obtain £43,225 by applying for a loan in the name of Garawand to buy his home .
yousefi was found not guilty of [trying] to obtain £43,225 by applying for a loan in the name of garawand to buy his home .

Anne Marriner , 23 , admitted attempting to obtain property by deception and two counts of criminal damage all committed on the same day during January .
anne marriner , 23 , admitted [trying] to obtain property by deception and two counts of criminal damage all committed on the same day during january .

The Darlington youth was given a 12-month conditional discharge after admitting attempting to steal a radio cassette and being in possession of cannabis resin in February .
the darlington youth was given a 12-month conditional discharge after admitting [trying] to steal a radio cassette and being in possession of cannabis resin in february .

He also said the Conservatives were electioneering by raising the issue and were attempting to score a cheap political advantage .
he also said the conservatives were electioneering by raising the issue and were [trying] to score a cheap political advantage .

He accused the Conservatives of attempting to duck responsibility for the recession they had created .
he accused the conservatives of [trying] to duck responsibility for the recession they had created .

All three deny joint charges of attempting to murder Mr Stokle and Mrs Leyshon .
all three deny joint charges of [trying] to murder mr stokle and mrs leyshon .

In the second trial , the brothers — Martin , George and Henry — were accused of attempting to murder Mr Thompson and of killing his mother-in-law with a car bomb .
in the second trial , the brothers — martin , george and henry — were accused of [trying] to murder mr thompson and of killing his mother-in-law with a car bomb .

Allitt , 24 , of Corby Glen , near Grantham , Lincs , denies murdering four children and attempting to murder and causing grievous bodily harm to nine other children , all patients at Grantham and Kesteven Hospital .
allitt , 24 , of corby glen , near grantham , lincs , denies murdering four children and [trying] to murder and causing grievous bodily harm to nine other children , all patients at grantham and kesteven hospital .

The measures Mr Lamont has announced perform the difficult task of attempting to meet both points of view .
the measures mr lamont has announced perform the difficult task of [trying] to meet both points of view .

The measures Mr Lamont has announced perform the difficult task of attempting to meet both points of view .
the measures mr lamont has announced perform the difficult task of [trying] to meet both points of view .

Last month , David Walters , 56 , former director of the Institute of Retail Studies and Professor of Retailing at Stirling , had pled guilty to defrauding the university of £14,631 and attempting to defraud it of £345 .
last month , david walters , 56 , former director of the institute of retail studies and professor of retailing at stirling , had pled guilty to defrauding the university of £14,631 and [trying] to defraud it of £345 .

‘ They are all attempting to affect one tiny aspect of the criminal justice system , but without anybody having an overview of the whole system , ’ he said .
‘ they are all [trying] to affect one tiny aspect of the criminal justice system , but without anybody having an overview of the whole system , ’ he said .

The 20-year-old single woman , who had been accused of attempting to murder the baby on 25 November last year , admitted the reduced charge .
the 20-year-old single woman , who had been accused of [trying] to murder the baby on 25 november last year , admitted the reduced charge .

Mr Khasbulatov accused the president of attempting a coup and called for an emergency session of the Congress to dismiss him .
mr khasbulatov accused the president of [trying] a coup and called for an emergency session of the congress to dismiss him .

Anthony McDonald , 29 , of Deanston Road , Shawlands , Glasgow , admitted wearing a mask and presenting an axe at an employee of the Bank of Scotland , Kilmarnock Road , Glasgow , and attempting to rob him on 20 January .
anthony mcdonald , 29 , of deanston road , shawlands , glasgow , admitted wearing a mask and presenting an axe at an employee of the bank of scotland , kilmarnock road , glasgow , and [trying] to rob him on 20 january .

She has also pleaded not guilty to attempting to pervert the course of justice and to charges brought under the Companies ' Act .
she has also pleaded not guilty to [trying] to pervert the course of justice and to charges brought under the companies ' act .

Mejka has denied attempting to pervert the course of justice and two offences under the Companies ' Act .
mejka has denied [trying] to pervert the course of justice and two offences under the companies ' act .

‘ We are not attempting to act as party politicians , ’ Dr Hanlon , stressed .
‘ we are not [trying] to act as party politicians , ’ dr hanlon , stressed .

John Stewart , 33 , of Lochend Gardens , Neil Munro , 24 , of Lochend Drive and Steven Leslie , 19 , of Lochend Gardens , Edinburgh , were all found guilty of attempting to murder Mr McPhilips on 30 October last year .
john stewart , 33 , of lochend gardens , neil munro , 24 , of lochend drive and steven leslie , 19 , of lochend gardens , edinburgh , were all found guilty of [trying] to murder mr mcphilips on 30 october last year .

He also admitted attempting to defraud the Provincial Insurance Company and falsely representing to police officers that the car had been stolen from Cotton Street , Castle Douglas .
he also admitted [trying] to defraud the provincial insurance company and falsely representing to police officers that the car had been stolen from cotton street , castle douglas .

The Liberal Democrat spokesman on trade , industry and employment , Malcolm Bruce , attacked the Chancellor 's statement as a Budget of despair and disappointment which provided a little relief for the unemployed and nothing for those attempting to counter the effects of the recession .
the liberal democrat spokesman on trade , industry and employment , malcolm bruce , attacked the chancellor 's statement as a budget of despair and disappointment which provided a little relief for the unemployed and nothing for those [trying] to counter the effects of the recession .

The Observer story claimed that ‘ a leading investment bank ’ is attempting to raise funds to back a buy-out led by House of Fraser 's finance director , James Walsh .
the observer story claimed that ‘ a leading investment bank ’ is [trying] to raise funds to back a buy-out led by house of fraser 's finance director , james walsh .

The Salvation Army is now attempting to recover its money in an English civil court action .
the salvation army is now [trying] to recover its money in an english civil court action .

Levein was attempting to operate within the new passback rule and head the ball behind him to Walker .
levein was [trying] to operate within the new passback rule and head the ball behind him to walker .

When Sir Keith Joseph approved the rebuilding of St Augustine 's School , officers of the county council were still attempting to make out a case for the sale of the site based on their assessment of demand for places .
when sir keith joseph approved the rebuilding of st augustine 's school , officers of the county council were still [trying] to make out a case for the sale of the site based on their assessment of demand for places .

He added : ‘ Coun Williams statement shows that he is either completely ignorant on this issue or attempting to fool the bowlers .
he added : ‘ coun williams statement shows that he is either completely ignorant on this issue or [trying] to fool the bowlers .

Yousefi , 37 , denies two counts of attempting to obtain by deception , four of obtaining a pecuniary advantage by deception , and five of obtaining by deception .
yousefi , 37 , denies two counts of [trying] to obtain by deception , four of obtaining a pecuniary advantage by deception , and five of obtaining by deception .

The other Albert was Albert Finney , who stars as a successful restaurateur attempting a reconciliation with his playwright brother .
the other albert was albert finney , who stars as a successful restaurateur [trying] a reconciliation with his playwright brother .

Yousefi , of Southfield Crescent , Norton , Stockton , had denied four offences of obtaining a pecuniary advantage by deception , five offences of obtaining property by deception and one offence of attempting to obtain by deception but a Teesside Crown Court jury convicted him .
yousefi , of southfield crescent , norton , stockton , had denied four offences of obtaining a pecuniary advantage by deception , five offences of obtaining property by deception and one offence of [trying] to obtain by deception but a teesside crown court jury convicted him .

Experts are still attempting to establish what caused the filly to test positive to a banned substance after her 40-length defeat by Indian Quest at Kempton last month , for which she started 6-4 favourite .
experts are still [trying] to establish what caused the filly to test positive to a banned substance after her 40-length defeat by indian quest at kempton last month , for which she started 6-4 favourite .

Investigators are still attempting to establish what caused the Martin Pipe-trained hurdler Her Honour to fail a dope test after her flop at Kempton last month .
investigators are still [trying] to establish what caused the martin pipe-trained hurdler her honour to fail a dope test after her flop at kempton last month .

This was interpreted in the Clinton camp as the Major government attempting to give Bush a hand by digging up dirt on Clinton as a Vietnam draft-dodger or pot-smoker .
this was interpreted in the clinton camp as the major government [trying] to give bush a hand by digging up dirt on clinton as a vietnam draft-dodger or pot-smoker .

He is worried that some trainers could do more harm than good by attempting to treat injuries without the correct tuition .
he is worried that some trainers could do more harm than good by [trying] to treat injuries without the correct tuition .

Sir John and his son Douglas , one of his six fellow directors , had been attempting to buy out board colleagues George Forbes , Peter Mallinger , Bob Young and Derek McVickers to increase their shareholding to one of absolute control at 75pc .
sir john and his son douglas , one of his six fellow directors , had been [trying] to buy out board colleagues george forbes , peter mallinger , bob young and derek mcvickers to increase their shareholding to one of absolute control at 75pc .

At one time 7:84 might have baulked at attempting the classics . Joseph Farrell reports on the theatre company 's change of direction with Sophocles 's ‘ Antigone ’
at one time 7:84 might have baulked at [trying] the classics . joseph farrell reports on the theatre company 's change of direction with sophocles 's ‘ antigone ’

It is hard to know exactly what the company were aiming at or were attempting to say , but after a couple of scenes the audience found itself tussling with one question only .
it is hard to know exactly what the company were aiming at or were [trying] to say , but after a couple of scenes the audience found itself tussling with one question only .

Gower broke the rib attempting a diving catch against Nottinghamshire earlier this week during a championship match which saw him score 153 and stake a claim for an England recall .
gower broke the rib [trying] a diving catch against nottinghamshire earlier this week during a championship match which saw him score 153 and stake a claim for an england recall .

Eddie Gilfoyle is accused of murdering Paula , 33 , at their home last year and then attempting to cover his tracks by making her death look like suicide .
eddie gilfoyle is accused of murdering paula , 33 , at their home last year and then [trying] to cover his tracks by making her death look like suicide .

She stunned the medical team by attempting to make conversation for more than half an hour before she lost consciousness .
she stunned the medical team by [trying] to make conversation for more than half an hour before she lost consciousness .

Gary Grugel , 40 , of East Millwood Road , Speke , Liverpool , has pleaded not guilty to 10 offences involving blackmail , attempting to pervert the course of justice , wounding with intent and assault .
gary grugel , 40 , of east millwood road , speke , liverpool , has pleaded not guilty to 10 offences involving blackmail , [trying] to pervert the course of justice , wounding with intent and assault .

Martin Butler , 25 , of Woodward Road , Rock Ferry , denied attempting to dishonestly receive the two bikes , which he claims he bought for £20 from a caller at his door .
martin butler , 25 , of woodward road , rock ferry , denied [trying] to dishonestly receive the two bikes , which he claims he bought for £20 from a caller at his door .

And yesterday , Kevin Larkin revealed how he and his family are attempting to cope with their loss .
and yesterday , kevin larkin revealed how he and his family are [trying] to cope with their loss .

Jordan , 24 , of Heather Close , Birchwood , Warrington , pleaded guilty to stealing a Giro cheque belonging to Brian Bennett , attempting to obtain £330 by deception and stealing a handbag and contents belonging to Jean Baker .
jordan , 24 , of heather close , birchwood , warrington , pleaded guilty to stealing a giro cheque belonging to brian bennett , [trying] to obtain £330 by deception and stealing a handbag and contents belonging to jean baker .

Jordan also asked for two offences of attempting to obtain money by deception to be taken into consideration .
jordan also asked for two offences of [trying] to obtain money by deception to be taken into consideration .

The Independent is perceived as the most vulnerable competitor and editor Andreas Whittam Smith has accused Mr Murdoch of attempting to ‘ destroy us by unfair means ’ .
the independent is perceived as the most vulnerable competitor and editor andreas whittam smith has accused mr murdoch of [trying] to ‘ destroy us by unfair means ’ .

‘ Anyone who resorts to tactics such as attempting to bribe match officials has no place in European football . ’
‘ anyone who resorts to tactics such as [trying] to bribe match officials has no place in european football . ’

In other featured games this week , the rejuvenated Phil Simms will be attempting to keep his throwing arm limber after last week 's 227 yard game against Chicago as the New York Giants host the dark horses Tampa Bay Buccaneers ; meanwhile the Green Bay Packers , fancied by many as Superbowl contenders , will be looking forward to clipping the wings of the Philadelphia Eagles before they have a chance to soar .
in other featured games this week , the rejuvenated phil simms will be [trying] to keep his throwing arm limber after last week 's 227 yard game against chicago as the new york giants host the dark horses tampa bay buccaneers ; meanwhile the green bay packers , fancied by many as superbowl contenders , will be looking forward to clipping the wings of the philadelphia eagles before they have a chance to soar .

Now he is attempting to win a third title in the middleweight division but first he must win his European title fight against the tough Dutchman John Neslo today .
now he is [trying] to win a third title in the middleweight division but first he must win his european title fight against the tough dutchman john neslo today .

Grugel , 40 , of East Millwood Road , Speke , has pleaded not guilty to 10 offences involving blackmail , attempting to pervert the course of justice , wounding with intent and assault .
grugel , 40 , of east millwood road , speke , has pleaded not guilty to 10 offences involving blackmail , [trying] to pervert the course of justice , wounding with intent and assault .

John Glennon ( 28 ) of Ballymurphy Parade , Francis Maher ( 27 ) of Monagh Road , John Kennaway ( 31 ) of Moyard Parade and 24-year-old Damien Morgan from Wyndham Street deny attempting to murder Dr Kennedy .
john glennon ( 28 ) of ballymurphy parade , francis maher ( 27 ) of monagh road , john kennaway ( 31 ) of moyard parade and 24-year-old damien morgan from wyndham street deny [trying] to murder dr kennedy .

The seven deny attempting to wound security forces , and causing an explosion and actual bodily harm to a local man , who had to be taken to hospital with head injuries when the coffee jar device exploded .
the seven deny [trying] to wound security forces , and causing an explosion and actual bodily harm to a local man , who had to be taken to hospital with head injuries when the coffee jar device exploded .

Meanwhile fears were growing that the sect has been attempting to recruit followers in Ireland .
meanwhile fears were growing that the sect has been [trying] to recruit followers in ireland .

William Caldwell , ( 49 ) , an unemployed man of Edenvale Avenue , also in the village of Eden , was further charged in Belfast with attempting to kill his estranged wife , also by strangulation last Thursday .
william caldwell , ( 49 ) , an unemployed man of edenvale avenue , also in the village of eden , was further charged in belfast with [trying] to kill his estranged wife , also by strangulation last thursday .

‘ She is naturally very unwell , and we are still attempting to discover if she was raped . ’
‘ she is naturally very unwell , and we are still [trying] to discover if she was raped . ’

But Lemon Souffle will not be attempting to follow up Lyric Fantasy 's Queen Mary Stakes victory of last year .
but lemon souffle will not be [trying] to follow up lyric fantasy 's queen mary stakes victory of last year .

As a steadily growing and spreading Society we are constantly involving ourselves and attempting new and interesting projects .
as a steadily growing and spreading society we are constantly involving ourselves and [trying] new and interesting projects .

But her earlier beating caused her to move slowly and as she was attempting to open the window in order to jump out , her father strode into the room .
but her earlier beating caused her to move slowly and as she was [trying] to open the window in order to jump out , her father strode into the room .

Persons attempting to find a motive in this narrative will be prosecuted ; persons attempting to find a moral in it will be banished ; persons attempting to find a plot in it will be shot .
persons [trying] to find a motive in this narrative will be prosecuted ; persons [trying] to find a moral in it will be banished ; persons [trying] to find a plot in it will be shot .

Also , some of the profits of companies attempting a takeover may be captured by insiders , and the acquiring company may find it more difficult to buy up shares in the target company as a result of insider dealing .
also , some of the profits of companies [trying] a takeover may be captured by insiders , and the acquiring company may find it more difficult to buy up shares in the target company as a result of insider dealing .

It may be that in attempting to stamp out over-risky practices the regulators can become over-zealous and adversely affect risk taking activities that are fundamental to the workings of the financial system .
it may be that in [trying] to stamp out over-risky practices the regulators can become over-zealous and adversely affect risk taking activities that are fundamental to the workings of the financial system .

It is probably better to start off with too many regulators which can then merge , rather than starting off with too few and attempting to build on them .
it is probably better to start off with too many regulators which can then merge , rather than starting off with too few and [trying] to build on them .

With regard to honesty , it could be argued that no system of regulation can ever deter the truly criminally minded from attempting to defraud the investing public .
with regard to honesty , it could be argued that no system of regulation can ever deter the truly criminally minded from [trying] to defraud the investing public .

With workers attempting to increase their real incomes by militant wage bargaining , and capitalists attempting to maintain accumulation through extended borrowing , these higher materials costs could not be absorbed without a struggle .
with workers [trying] to increase their real incomes by militant wage bargaining , and capitalists [trying] to maintain accumulation through extended borrowing , these higher materials costs could not be absorbed without a struggle .

there 's no attempting for taste is there ? Number twenty six , she is a complete
there 's no [trying] for taste is there ? number twenty six , she is a complete

The teenagers were also jointly charged with attempting to murder Mr Reed 's friend , Philip Tull , also 45 , who suffered multiple injuries in the incident on Cardiff 's troubled Ely housing estate on Friday night .
the teenagers were also jointly charged with [trying] to murder mr reed 's friend , philip tull , also 45 , who suffered multiple injuries in the incident on cardiff 's troubled ely housing estate on friday night .

Rymer , of Willowcroft , Wallasey , was formally accused of attempting to cause to be administered noxious substances Atenolol , Temazepam , Bendrofluazide and Coproxamol thereby to endanger life or inflict grievous bodily harm to a boy on Wednesday June 9 .
rymer , of willowcroft , wallasey , was formally accused of [trying] to cause to be administered noxious substances atenolol , temazepam , bendrofluazide and coproxamol thereby to endanger life or inflict grievous bodily harm to a boy on wednesday june 9 .

Rymer , of Willowcroft , Wallasey was formally accused of attempting to administer noxious substances Atenolol , Temazepam , Bendrofluazude and Bopromoxol thereby to endanger life or inflict grievous bodily harm .
rymer , of willowcroft , wallasey was formally accused of [trying] to administer noxious substances atenolol , temazepam , bendrofluazude and bopromoxol thereby to endanger life or inflict grievous bodily harm .

Boy , 14 , accused of attempting to rape 92-year-old spinster
boy , 14 , accused of [trying] to rape 92-year-old spinster

Yesterday Lamont , of Kensington Road , Middlesbrough , appeared before Teesside Crown Court and admitted criminal damage and attempting to pervert the course of justice by giving the police a false name when arrested .
yesterday lamont , of kensington road , middlesbrough , appeared before teesside crown court and admitted criminal damage and [trying] to pervert the course of justice by giving the police a false name when arrested .

Yesterday , Ganguly , 26 , of Kirkham Road , Beechwood , appeared before Teesside Crown Court and admitted burglary , attempting to pervert the course of justice and criminal damage .
yesterday , ganguly , 26 , of kirkham road , beechwood , appeared before teesside crown court and admitted burglary , [trying] to pervert the course of justice and criminal damage .

Twenty years ago they were Labour but switched in 1979 for one reasons , the right to buy which gave those genuinely attempting to better themselves the chance to do so .
twenty years ago they were labour but switched in 1979 for one reasons , the right to buy which gave those genuinely [trying] to better themselves the chance to do so .

McEvoy , of The Vale , Grove Hill , Middlesbrough , admitted six offences of burglary , obtaining by deception , attempting to obtain by deception , taking a car without consent and making off without payment .
mcevoy , of the vale , grove hill , middlesbrough , admitted six offences of burglary , obtaining by deception , [trying] to obtain by deception , taking a car without consent and making off without payment .

Tall orders : Scout leaders from the 1st Marske Barn Owls are attempting to climb Ben Nevis in Scotland , Scafell in England and Snowdon in Wales within 48 hours this weekend to raise funds for Teesside Hospice .
tall orders : scout leaders from the 1st marske barn owls are [trying] to climb ben nevis in scotland , scafell in england and snowdon in wales within 48 hours this weekend to raise funds for teesside hospice .

But his first job is to assemble a side before attempting to win promotion at the first attempt .
but his first job is to assemble a side before [trying] to win promotion at the first attempt .

Even the House of Commons stepped in and denounced Middlesbrough for attempting to buy their way out of the relegation zone .
even the house of commons stepped in and denounced middlesbrough for [trying] to buy their way out of the relegation zone .

Earlier , Craggs had kicked a penalty and then hit the post when attempting to convert Steve Towns ' try .
earlier , craggs had kicked a penalty and then hit the post when [trying] to convert steve towns ' try .

They were accused of attempting to bribe opponents into losing so their chairman would win an election the following day ; illegal signing-on payments were made ; they were accused of ‘ trafficking in players ’ ; their books never tallied , and they seemed constantly on the verge of bankruptcy and relegation .
they were accused of [trying] to bribe opponents into losing so their chairman would win an election the following day ; illegal signing-on payments were made ; they were accused of ‘ trafficking in players ’ ; their books never tallied , and they seemed constantly on the verge of bankruptcy and relegation .

The Barbarians are in Middlesbrough till August attempting to restore their lost reputation .
the barbarians are in middlesbrough till august [trying] to restore their lost reputation .

He faces a second charge of attempting to rob assistant Elizabeth Walsh at the nearby Grotto card shop on the same day .
he faces a second charge of [trying] to rob assistant elizabeth walsh at the nearby grotto card shop on the same day .

Dorahy knows he has a tough act to follow in attempting to emulate the success of his predecessor John Monie who won every available honour .
dorahy knows he has a tough act to follow in [trying] to emulate the success of his predecessor john monie who won every available honour .

The consultant , Dr. Nigel Cox , has been a given a one-year suspended jail sentence for attempting to murder a terminally ill patient .
the consultant , dr. nigel cox , has been a given a one-year suspended jail sentence for [trying] to murder a terminally ill patient .

Bryant is also accused of attempting to rob a post office at Brockworth near Gloucester in April last year , in which a postman was shot .
bryant is also accused of [trying] to rob a post office at brockworth near gloucester in april last year , in which a postman was shot .

Figures released this week show that in the year to April 1 , people here were prosecuted for attempting to dupe the Social Security Agency — a seven per cent increase over the previous year .
figures released this week show that in the year to april 1 , people here were prosecuted for [trying] to dupe the social security agency — a seven per cent increase over the previous year .

Ballycastle , though , have their quota of shooting stars and have the not inconsiderable incentive of attempting to dislodge their great north Antrim rivals .
ballycastle , though , have their quota of shooting stars and have the not inconsiderable incentive of [trying] to dislodge their great north antrim rivals .

That was in the 30s and 40s and another Fairweather will be attempting to emulate those feats next week .
that was in the 30s and 40s and another fairweather will be [trying] to emulate those feats next week .

Richard took his brother 's car that night , and a witness who saw the accident on the Birdlip bypass said it happened in the dark , the car left the road without attempting to follow the curve of the road .
richard took his brother 's car that night , and a witness who saw the accident on the birdlip bypass said it happened in the dark , the car left the road without [trying] to follow the curve of the road .

But Mr Blair says he suspects the caller was a unionist attempting to ‘ stir things up ’ .
but mr blair says he suspects the caller was a unionist [trying] to ‘ stir things up ’ .

Both men have plumped for the cricket final in Dublin in which they will be key men in the Brigade team which is attempting to win the Schweppes all-Ireland final for the first time .
both men have plumped for the cricket final in dublin in which they will be key men in the brigade team which is [trying] to win the schweppes all-ireland final for the first time .

And next weekend they 'll be attempting to win Ulster golf 's prestigious under-age tournament , the Fred Daly trophy , for the third time in four years .
and next weekend they 'll be [trying] to win ulster golf 's prestigious under-age tournament , the fred daly trophy , for the third time in four years .

Derry are now attempting to translate their under-age work into success at senior level .
derry are now [trying] to translate their under-age work into success at senior level .

Now he is attempting to win a third title in the middleweight division but first he must win his European title fight against the tough Dutchman John Neslo today .
now he is [trying] to win a third title in the middleweight division but first he must win his european title fight against the tough dutchman john neslo today .

‘ There have been occasions when there were three different speakers all preaching at the same time , attempting to drown each other out .
‘ there have been occasions when there were three different speakers all preaching at the same time , [trying] to drown each other out .

There were very few firm commitments , the language is very much that of exploring , attempting , trying , hoping , when what we were looking for was a clear legislative framework .
there were very few firm commitments , the language is very much that of exploring , [trying] , trying , hoping , when what we were looking for was a clear legislative framework .

In Scotland last year , husbands lost their immunity from rape in marriage after a test case , and earlier this year , in Leicester , a man was jailed for three years for the lesser offence of attempting to rape his wife .
in scotland last year , husbands lost their immunity from rape in marriage after a test case , and earlier this year , in leicester , a man was jailed for three years for the lesser offence of [trying] to rape his wife .

Marsh denies attempting to murder his former manager , Frank Warren .
marsh denies [trying] to murder his former manager , frank warren .

So that would be the argument against other schools even attempting to opt out in the Oxfordshire area ?
so that would be the argument against other schools even [trying] to opt out in the oxfordshire area ?

It 's a process that can take up to six months , but all this has not deterred hundreds more refugees from attempting the hazardous journey south .
it 's a process that can take up to six months , but all this has not deterred hundreds more refugees from [trying] the hazardous journey south .

That the local council was attempting to get the building listed .
that the local council was [trying] to get the building listed .

It 's a first year course which is attempting to teach the necessary basic physics that engineers require .
it 's a first year course which is [trying] to teach the necessary basic physics that engineers require .

Such words are , from the point of view of this course , too complex and uncommon for it to be worth attempting to write rules .
such words are , from the point of view of this course , too complex and uncommon for it to be worth [trying] to write rules .

It is too early yet to say how useful the discourse approach will be , but even if it achieves nothing else , it can at least be claimed to have shown the inadequacy of attempting to analyse the function of intonation on the basis of isolated sentences or tone-units , removed from their linguistic and situational context .
it is too early yet to say how useful the discourse approach will be , but even if it achieves nothing else , it can at least be claimed to have shown the inadequacy of [trying] to analyse the function of intonation on the basis of isolated sentences or tone-units , removed from their linguistic and situational context .

Buswatch has the virtue of not attempting to score points off harassed operators , and one of the most interesting dimensions of this excellent report is a record of the responses given by bus company managers to some of the issues raised .
buswatch has the virtue of not [trying] to score points off harassed operators , and one of the most interesting dimensions of this excellent report is a record of the responses given by bus company managers to some of the issues raised .

Apart from the team and individuals at stake , athletes will be attempting to win places in the national side which to contest the European Championships , at Millfield School , Somerset , next Easter .
apart from the team and individuals at stake , athletes will be [trying] to win places in the national side which to contest the european championships , at millfield school , somerset , next easter .

‘ In my opinion , attempting to replicate the past success of Amstrad by gambling on product ideas and building up large stocks in the hope of achieving ‘ blockbuster ’ sales would be putting shareholders ' funds at risk and demoralising for me . ’
‘ in my opinion , [trying] to replicate the past success of amstrad by gambling on product ideas and building up large stocks in the hope of achieving ‘ blockbuster ’ sales would be putting shareholders ' funds at risk and demoralising for me . ’

By attempting to show that the monetary changes were not associated with the changes in national income , they concluded that it must be the change in the money supply that causes the change in national income .
by [trying] to show that the monetary changes were not associated with the changes in national income , they concluded that it must be the change in the money supply that causes the change in national income .

The discussion continues , with you attempting to assess his staff 's requirements as regards photocopying facilities and his attitude towards the Clearprint machine .
the discussion continues , with you [trying] to assess his staff 's requirements as regards photocopying facilities and his attitude towards the clearprint machine .

There comes a point when the costs of attempting to obtain more sales through the channel outweigh the revenue and profits to be gained from those increased sales .
there comes a point when the costs of [trying] to obtain more sales through the channel outweigh the revenue and profits to be gained from those increased sales .

In attempting to market a new product in a foreign country , the firm is itself trying to educate consumers as to the uses and benefits of the product .
in [trying] to market a new product in a foreign country , the firm is itself trying to educate consumers as to the uses and benefits of the product .

Both will be attempting to reach Montpellier this year and both have been trying to experience as much professional golf as they can during the past year .
both will be [trying] to reach montpellier this year and both have been trying to experience as much professional golf as they can during the past year .

Clubs attempting to sack the professional and take over the shop to earn revenue can expect no support from those in the business .
clubs [trying] to sack the professional and take over the shop to earn revenue can expect no support from those in the business .

Another problem of compatibility ( or the lack of it ) can manifest itself when attempting to use effects with an amp 's effects loop : older valve amps or budget combos often do n't even have them !
another problem of compatibility ( or the lack of it ) can manifest itself when [trying] to use effects with an amp 's effects loop : older valve amps or budget combos often do n't even have them !

After attempting last month 's first 8-bars of the 16-bar solo from Linda Ronstadt 's That 'll Be The Day , we 'll crack on with the second half this month .
after [trying] last month 's first 8-bars of the 16-bar solo from linda ronstadt 's that 'll be the day , we 'll crack on with the second half this month .

When my hands are in the tank they constantly nudge my hands never attempting to bite .
when my hands are in the tank they constantly nudge my hands never [trying] to bite .

Always do the warm-up sequence before attempting any of the stretches .
always do the warm-up sequence before [trying] any of the stretches .

Commercially speaking , building superStrats had to be a safer bet for the manufacturers than attempting to break new ground .
commercially speaking , building superstrats had to be a safer bet for the manufacturers than [trying] to break new ground .

All this implies greater volcanicity because the Earth was attempting to outgas radioactive heat at the spreading ridges , and so massive ‘ hot spots ’ appeared .
all this implies greater volcanicity because the earth was [trying] to outgas radioactive heat at the spreading ridges , and so massive ‘ hot spots ’ appeared .

It was with the onset of a more variable temperature , and the beginning of climatic zones , in the late Paleozoic , that gave rise to vertebrates attempting to employ primitive temperature-control strategies .
it was with the onset of a more variable temperature , and the beginning of climatic zones , in the late paleozoic , that gave rise to vertebrates [trying] to employ primitive temperature-control strategies .

Clad in nothing but black and sipping on her jar of Guinness , Debbie Smith , pint-sized guitarist with indie sensations Curve , is attempting to convince me she was never a goth . Sadly she 's failing miserably ! ‘ Even if you do find a photo , ’ she insists , ‘ it 's not me ! ’
clad in nothing but black and sipping on her jar of guinness , debbie smith , pint-sized guitarist with indie sensations curve , is [trying] to convince me she was never a goth . sadly she 's failing miserably ! ‘ even if you do find a photo , ’ she insists , ‘ it 's not me ! ’

Dustin privately entertained his friends with a wickedly accurate imitation of superstar McQueen attempting to upstage little Dustin .
dustin privately entertained his friends with a wickedly accurate imitation of superstar mcqueen [trying] to upstage little dustin .

His predisposition was reinforced by further acquaintance with the Fulani , whose ‘ regeneration ’ he decided it was worth attempting .
his predisposition was reinforced by further acquaintance with the fulani , whose ‘ regeneration ’ he decided it was worth [trying] .

Women are encouraged to spend a lot of time and money attempting to reach impossible and ever-changing images of ‘ perfection ’ .
women are encouraged to spend a lot of time and money [trying] to reach impossible and ever-changing images of ‘ perfection ’ .

This achieves much more in the long run than attempting to concentrate for a long time until fatigue sets in .
this achieves much more in the long run than [trying] to concentrate for a long time until fatigue sets in .

If you want a coldwater aquarium , stick to the more domesticated species , rather than attempting native fish , which are prone to disease and parasites .
if you want a coldwater aquarium , stick to the more domesticated species , rather than [trying] native fish , which are prone to disease and parasites .

Cut the tape from the reel using a scalpel whilst attempting not to cut through the film , lifting off any excess tape from the drafting film .
cut the tape from the reel using a scalpel whilst [trying] not to cut through the film , lifting off any excess tape from the drafting film .

When exposing the board to ultra-violet light , we are attempting to ‘ turn ’ the etch-resist throughout the depth of the layer of the ink .
when exposing the board to ultra-violet light , we are [trying] to ‘ turn ’ the etch-resist throughout the depth of the layer of the ink .

The best way to approach any chord changes you might find difficult is to avoid attempting to fully trigger each chord before starting to pick the notes .
the best way to approach any chord changes you might find difficult is to avoid [trying] to fully trigger each chord before starting to pick the notes .

In September 1066 , King Harold defeated his brother Tostig , who was attempting to regain the earldom of Northumbria with the help of the King of Norway , in a fierce and bloody battle on the banks of the river Derwent .
in september 1066 , king harold defeated his brother tostig , who was [trying] to regain the earldom of northumbria with the help of the king of norway , in a fierce and bloody battle on the banks of the river derwent .

Next comes grandson William Gylby , wealthy London lawyer who made great strides , increasing the size of the island to over 1,500 acres by his death in 1744 , and having the dubious distinction of attempting to reduce the troublesome rat population by having them killed , dressed and offered up to his tenants and workmen to eat .
next comes grandson william gylby , wealthy london lawyer who made great strides , increasing the size of the island to over 1,500 acres by his death in 1744 , and having the dubious distinction of [trying] to reduce the troublesome rat population by having them killed , dressed and offered up to his tenants and workmen to eat .

However , it must be added that these subjects were consuming quite a large quantity of food and were not attempting to shed weight .
however , it must be added that these subjects were consuming quite a large quantity of food and were not [trying] to shed weight .

The average Briton who is not attempting to shed weight is consuming between 2,000 and 3,000 calories daily and only around 15 to 20 grams of fibre .
the average briton who is not [trying] to shed weight is consuming between 2,000 and 3,000 calories daily and only around 15 to 20 grams of fibre .

The tank should be at least four feet in length , with all the pipework and cable holes securely plugged to stop the eels from attempting to travel .
the tank should be at least four feet in length , with all the pipework and cable holes securely plugged to stop the eels from [trying] to travel .

They will probably err on the side of caution whenever attempting to unravel the cause of death because recording it as occupationally induced requires the subsequent payment of industrial death benefits .
they will probably err on the side of caution whenever [trying] to unravel the cause of death because recording it as occupationally induced requires the subsequent payment of industrial death benefits .

Laws attempting to regulate corporate activity tend to be excessively vague , consist of ambiguous definitions , and subject to subtle but significant shifts in meanings ; or at least , that is how they can be interpreted , particularly by those desiring to violate them .
laws [trying] to regulate corporate activity tend to be excessively vague , consist of ambiguous definitions , and subject to subtle but significant shifts in meanings ; or at least , that is how they can be interpreted , particularly by those desiring to violate them .

So better to become subservient than to waste our energies attempting to bring the worst criminal organizations to justice .
so better to become subservient than to waste our energies [trying] to bring the worst criminal organizations to justice .

Before the Tate/LaBianca murders happened , however , Charles Manson was attempting to make it as a rock star .
before the tate/labianca murders happened , however , charles manson was [trying] to make it as a rock star .

Cowering before a stone-faced jury is Andy Spearpoint , lyricist and singer with the New Fast Automatic Daffodils , attempting to explain why his gang of rhythmic misfits really needed to foist their multi-tentacled percussion patchworks onto a world already over-run with pop music in all its myriad hybrid strains . Well , young man ?
cowering before a stone-faced jury is andy spearpoint , lyricist and singer with the new fast automatic daffodils , [trying] to explain why his gang of rhythmic misfits really needed to foist their multi-tentacled percussion patchworks onto a world already over-run with pop music in all its myriad hybrid strains . well , young man ?

Lengthy booklists are expensive and dull : with some time and effort it will be possible for you to build up a personal library and reference system which is individually geared to your particular needs , and one which helps you to build on your existing knowledge rather than attempting to start again from scratch .
lengthy booklists are expensive and dull : with some time and effort it will be possible for you to build up a personal library and reference system which is individually geared to your particular needs , and one which helps you to build on your existing knowledge rather than [trying] to start again from scratch .

Attempting to take up a post abroad without any preparatory updating could be courting disaster .
[trying] to take up a post abroad without any preparatory updating could be courting disaster .

Those you would feel unhappy about attempting without first having received advice and instruction .
those you would feel unhappy about [trying] without first having received advice and instruction .

Attempting to get to grips with all the developments in nursing over the past five years is meat enough for any expert , and you will not be regarded as letting the side down just because you are not familiar with all the latest terminology or research in your clinical specialty .
[trying] to get to grips with all the developments in nursing over the past five years is meat enough for any expert , and you will not be regarded as letting the side down just because you are not familiar with all the latest terminology or research in your clinical specialty .

Much more is made these days of adding to existing experience and finding solutions to individual problems of patients rather than attempting to apply nursing practice to clinical symptoms and multiple medical diagnosis .
much more is made these days of adding to existing experience and finding solutions to individual problems of patients rather than [trying] to apply nursing practice to clinical symptoms and multiple medical diagnosis .

Some employers are only just getting round to formalising recruitment and retention policies - and all that goes with them — it may be that you are one step ahead of them in attempting to update yourself appropriately .
some employers are only just getting round to formalising recruitment and retention policies - and all that goes with them — it may be that you are one step ahead of them in [trying] to update yourself appropriately .

If you do intend to follow your own programme see whether you can find a ‘ mentor ’ or other suitable person to whom you can go for encouragement and guidance when you need to , rather than attempting to battle it out on your own .
if you do intend to follow your own programme see whether you can find a ‘ mentor ’ or other suitable person to whom you can go for encouragement and guidance when you need to , rather than [trying] to battle it out on your own .

Anyone attempting to walk the Penning Way should equip themselves with a new free leaflet from the Countryside Commission .
anyone [trying] to walk the penning way should equip themselves with a new free leaflet from the countryside commission .

While attempting to make the wheelchair or baby-buggy pusher 's life easier , planners often do not help by making ramps up and over steps too steep for any but the most fearless .
while [trying] to make the wheelchair or baby-buggy pusher 's life easier , planners often do not help by making ramps up and over steps too steep for any but the most fearless .

At a first glance , it may be thought that methods for script and speech recognition would be the same , because both are attempting to process natural language .
at a first glance , it may be thought that methods for script and speech recognition would be the same , because both are [trying] to process natural language .

There is certainly a theoretical distinction , but from the practical view of attempting correction , there probably is not .
there is certainly a theoretical distinction , but from the practical view of [trying] correction , there probably is not .

As explained above , attempting correction on all candidate strings would reach explosive proportions in most cases , but correction techniques can be directed , in order to reduce the number of strings on which the algorithms are tried .
as explained above , [trying] correction on all candidate strings would reach explosive proportions in most cases , but correction techniques can be directed , in order to reduce the number of strings on which the algorithms are tried .

Wright , attempting to clear a cross , only succeeded in sending a powerful header from 15 yards past a startled David James in the 68th minute .
wright , [trying] to clear a cross , only succeeded in sending a powerful header from 15 yards past a startled david james in the 68th minute .

But Dr Nigel Cox , 47 , a consultant rheumatologist , denies attempting to murder her .
but dr nigel cox , 47 , a consultant rheumatologist , denies [trying] to murder her .

The 47-year-old consultant now faces being struck off the Medical Register for attempting to murder a terminally-ill patient .
the 47-year-old consultant now faces being struck off the medical register for [trying] to murder a terminally-ill patient .

The major flaw in attempting to get all the fractious fragments to work together , when nothing really united them except being Right-On , was the massive emphasis it placed on consensus .
the major flaw in [trying] to get all the fractious fragments to work together , when nothing really united them except being right-on , was the massive emphasis it placed on consensus .

Moreover , the risk that conventional conflicts may get out of hand and degenerate into nuclear disaster is one with which mankind will have to live for ever , and it strengthens the argument for attempting to keep conflicts within some kinds of bounds .
moreover , the risk that conventional conflicts may get out of hand and degenerate into nuclear disaster is one with which mankind will have to live for ever , and it strengthens the argument for [trying] to keep conflicts within some kinds of bounds .

Beyond this , however , it can offer no generalised or ‘ off-the-peg ’ answers to concrete and specific questions , and would caution against attempting such a task .
beyond this , however , it can offer no generalised or ‘ off-the-peg ’ answers to concrete and specific questions , and would caution against [trying] such a task .

Hurling my body through the air in the jumps did n't seem too appealing , nor did attempting to sprint , run or hurdle my way into the record books : but how about throwing something ?
hurling my body through the air in the jumps did n't seem too appealing , nor did [trying] to sprint , run or hurdle my way into the record books : but how about throwing something ?

Small pupils attempting to run between the legs of larger pupils playing football .
small pupils [trying] to run between the legs of larger pupils playing football .

Larger pupils attempting to step over smaller pupils playing football .
larger pupils [trying] to step over smaller pupils playing football .

Immediately everyone charged around the room attempting to be the first to touch all the walls .
immediately everyone charged around the room [trying] to be the first to touch all the walls .

Grand Slam The Hunt For Red October casts the player in the role of a Russian submarine commander attempting to defect to the West .
grand slam the hunt for red october casts the player in the role of a russian submarine commander [trying] to defect to the west .

If only you readers realised how difficult it is attempting to open envelopes without the gift of arms you 'd send postcards instead !
if only you readers realised how difficult it is [trying] to open envelopes without the gift of arms you 'd send postcards instead !

‘ Would you be kind enough to tell me your name ? ’ he asked , wriggling while still attempting some semblance of charm and authority .
‘ would you be kind enough to tell me your name ? ’ he asked , wriggling while still [trying] some semblance of charm and authority .

There was little point and no real justification in attempting to give chase , even if they had known the direction in which he had disappeared .
there was little point and no real justification in [trying] to give chase , even if they had known the direction in which he had disappeared .

However , where major reconstruction was not envisaged , attempting to insert hierarchies into existing networks was likely to be problematical , both in terms of provision of the major distributor roads and the environmental areas between them .
however , where major reconstruction was not envisaged , [trying] to insert hierarchies into existing networks was likely to be problematical , both in terms of provision of the major distributor roads and the environmental areas between them .

This encouragement is unlikely to prove sufficient on its own to deter shoppers and others from attempting to drive closer to destinations within the old city .
this encouragement is unlikely to prove sufficient on its own to deter shoppers and others from [trying] to drive closer to destinations within the old city .

Everywhere he found the same thing : elderly employees , attempting to run things as they thought the old baron would have wanted , out of touch with new ideas , fearful of taking any decision on their own , and consequently stalling , allowing problems to build up .
everywhere he found the same thing : elderly employees , [trying] to run things as they thought the old baron would have wanted , out of touch with new ideas , fearful of taking any decision on their own , and consequently stalling , allowing problems to build up .

He turned in a performance to cherish against Surrey in the NatWest at Swansea , and the locals are still attempting to work out and why he did n't pocket the match award .
he turned in a performance to cherish against surrey in the natwest at swansea , and the locals are still [trying] to work out and why he did n't pocket the match award .

The first byes of the match eluded keeper Healy at 172 , the same score at which Manjrekar departed , run out after attempting a quick single to a Warne misfield .
the first byes of the match eluded keeper healy at 172 , the same score at which manjrekar departed , run out after [trying] a quick single to a warne misfield .

Play eventually restarted , after what seemed like an age , and meandered to an early finish , but the freak accident served to relegate other matters — the remaining overs , a protracted row involving the England players and team manager and a cameraman attempting to capture the stretcher scene on film , and even the imminence of both countries announcing their World Cup squads — to items of secondary importance .
play eventually restarted , after what seemed like an age , and meandered to an early finish , but the freak accident served to relegate other matters — the remaining overs , a protracted row involving the england players and team manager and a cameraman [trying] to capture the stretcher scene on film , and even the imminence of both countries announcing their world cup squads — to items of secondary importance .

This book is a contribution to the dissemination process and in attempting to make research ‘ user friendly ’ the style and language used are directed to non-academic readers primarily , it being well established that the language and presentation of academic research reports do not encourage wide readership .
this book is a contribution to the dissemination process and in [trying] to make research ‘ user friendly ’ the style and language used are directed to non-academic readers primarily , it being well established that the language and presentation of academic research reports do not encourage wide readership .

Enemy models attempting to fight against the chariot in hand-to-hand fighting always compare their weapon skill against that of the crew .
enemy models [trying] to fight against the chariot in hand-to-hand fighting always compare their weapon skill against that of the crew .

The national cot death prevention programme is attempting to reduce the prevalence of four modifiable risk factors — namely , maternal smoking , lack of breast feeding , prone sleep position , and infant sharing a bed with another person .
the national cot death prevention programme is [trying] to reduce the prevalence of four modifiable risk factors — namely , maternal smoking , lack of breast feeding , prone sleep position , and infant sharing a bed with another person .

The brick wall faced by virtually all suppliers attempting to win modernisation contracts for city telephone exchanges in the larger cities of the Russian Federation seems to have been breached by the Slovenian firm IskraTEL .
the brick wall faced by virtually all suppliers [trying] to win modernisation contracts for city telephone exchanges in the larger cities of the russian federation seems to have been breached by the slovenian firm iskratel .

Year-old Santa Clara , California start-up Network Appliance Corp is attempting to create a new class of file server with the introduction of its first product , FAServer , a file server appliance designed for Network File System networks .
year-old santa clara , california start-up network appliance corp is [trying] to create a new class of file server with the introduction of its first product , faserver , a file server appliance designed for network file system networks .

Tunstall described it as ‘ intermingling heretical articles and erroneous opinions , seducing the simple people and attempting by wicked and perverse interpretations to profane the majesty of the Scripture , and craftily abuse the most holy word of God ’ .
tunstall described it as ‘ intermingling heretical articles and erroneous opinions , seducing the simple people and [trying] by wicked and perverse interpretations to profane the majesty of the scripture , and craftily abuse the most holy word of god ’ .

We should stress that we shall not be attempting either complete biographies or conventional literary criticism of our chosen authors , most , if not all , of whom have already received considerable attention from both those points of view .
we should stress that we shall not be [trying] either complete biographies or conventional literary criticism of our chosen authors , most , if not all , of whom have already received considerable attention from both those points of view .

Canon law prescribed that every physician , before attempting a cure , must persuade the mentally ill to apply to the physicians of the soul , their confessors .
canon law prescribed that every physician , before [trying] a cure , must persuade the mentally ill to apply to the physicians of the soul , their confessors .

An arsenal of political treacheries was employed to impede our progress , from the medium-range one of accusing us of lacking the right political perspective , to the more insidious long-range ones of accusing us of divisiveness , bringing men into feminism by speaking about the war in Ireland and , even on one occasion , attempting to show an exhibition — the famous , ‘ Bin Lids and Barricades ’ .
an arsenal of political treacheries was employed to impede our progress , from the medium-range one of accusing us of lacking the right political perspective , to the more insidious long-range ones of accusing us of divisiveness , bringing men into feminism by speaking about the war in ireland and , even on one occasion , [trying] to show an exhibition — the famous , ‘ bin lids and barricades ’ .

In attempting to combat ageist stereotyping , we have a problem .
in [trying] to combat ageist stereotyping , we have a problem .

Firstly , unless and until definitions are agreed , we may be attempting to compare the incidence of different phenomena .
firstly , unless and until definitions are agreed , we may be [trying] to compare the incidence of different phenomena .

Yet sometimes such suffering may be too much to bear , and is perhaps best dealt with by an elder attempting to return to former levels of less authentic but endurable adaptations to life .
yet sometimes such suffering may be too much to bear , and is perhaps best dealt with by an elder [trying] to return to former levels of less authentic but endurable adaptations to life .

Mason , of Bramston View , Witham , was acquitted of attempting to murder 27-year-old Adrian Hawes , but the jury failed to reach a verdict on alternative charges of wounding with intent and causing actual bodily harm .
mason , of bramston view , witham , was acquitted of [trying] to murder 27-year-old adrian hawes , but the jury failed to reach a verdict on alternative charges of wounding with intent and causing actual bodily harm .

Firefighters spent more than eight hours at the scene , damping down the smouldering straw and attempting to discover how the blaze started .
firefighters spent more than eight hours at the scene , damping down the smouldering straw and [trying] to discover how the blaze started .

Man guilty of attempting to murder wife
man guilty of [trying] to murder wife

Allitt , 24 , of Corby Glen , near Grantham , Lincs , denies murdering four children and attempting to murder and causing grievous bodily harm to nine other children , all patients at Grantham and Kesteven Hospital .
allitt , 24 , of corby glen , near grantham , lincs , denies murdering four children and [trying] to murder and causing grievous bodily harm to nine other children , all patients at grantham and kesteven hospital .

Raynsford , 25 , of St Johns Road , Clacton , and Kemp , 24 , of The Avenue , Clacton , are also charged with attempting to pervert the course of justice .
raynsford , 25 , of st johns road , clacton , and kemp , 24 , of the avenue , clacton , are also charged with [trying] to pervert the course of justice .

Accountancy firm Ernst and Young — which is attempting to sell the dwelling for its clients — has been made court appointed receivers for Nationchoice Limited which has claimed beneficial ownership of the building .
accountancy firm ernst and young — which is [trying] to sell the dwelling for its clients — has been made court appointed receivers for nationchoice limited which has claimed beneficial ownership of the building .

Magee , 42 , and O'Brien , 32 , from Belfast , deny murdering Special Constable Goodman and attempting to murder Pc Kelly .
magee , 42 , and o'brien , 32 , from belfast , deny murdering special constable goodman and [trying] to murder pc kelly .

They also deny attempting to murder two other officers — Mark Whitehouse and Susan Larkin — later that night .
they also deny [trying] to murder two other officers — mark whitehouse and susan larkin — later that night .

All six soldiers deny attempting to pervert public justice and obstructing investigations .
all six soldiers deny [trying] to pervert public justice and obstructing investigations .

In Needles and Opium , he 's attempting something less epic and more intimate .
in needles and opium , he 's [trying] something less epic and more intimate .

One essential requirement , before attempting to fly a model equipped with a gyro for the first time , is to ensure that the gyro is working in the correct sense .
one essential requirement , before [trying] to fly a model equipped with a gyro for the first time , is to ensure that the gyro is working in the correct sense .

Attempting to stop the rotation directly may make matters worse , since you may well push the rudder stick the wrong way .
[trying] to stop the rotation directly may make matters worse , since you may well push the rudder stick the wrong way .

When attempting to land on a small spot , you may indeed find it easier to start your autorotation with the model heading away from you in a downwind direction and perform a 180° turn during the descent .
when [trying] to land on a small spot , you may indeed find it easier to start your autorotation with the model heading away from you in a downwind direction and perform a 180° turn during the descent .

It is essential that you check that this has been done before attempting to start the engine , otherwise a nasty accident could result .
it is essential that you check that this has been done before [trying] to start the engine , otherwise a nasty accident could result .

One thing which will cause problems in attempting any aerobatics is an underpowered helicopter .
one thing which will cause problems in [trying] any aerobatics is an underpowered helicopter .

Leaning back in a wicker chair sat Doctor Oswald Little , a plump , red-faced man who was attempting vainly to wipe the steam from his spectacles .
leaning back in a wicker chair sat doctor oswald little , a plump , red-faced man who was [trying] vainly to wipe the steam from his spectacles .

The brown-haired boy had caught the eyes of the twins again and was desperately attempting to relay some kind of message to them .
the brown-haired boy had caught the eyes of the twins again and was desperately [trying] to relay some kind of message to them .

This duo looks set to spend the summer fighting understeer , that invigorating condition which ensures your racing car heads straight on when you are attempting a corner .
this duo looks set to spend the summer fighting understeer , that invigorating condition which ensures your racing car heads straight on when you are [trying] a corner .

It might be attempting to bluff its way through this chapter .
it might be [trying] to bluff its way through this chapter .

As The Very Model of a Man is full of angels and story-tellers — two essential ingredients of ‘ magic realism ’ — there is clearly a strong hint that Jacobson is attempting to rewrite not just the Bible but our contemporary literary orthodoxies , which are in danger of assuming the status of a surrogate religion .
as the very model of a man is full of angels and story-tellers — two essential ingredients of ‘ magic realism ’ — there is clearly a strong hint that jacobson is [trying] to rewrite not just the bible but our contemporary literary orthodoxies , which are in danger of assuming the status of a surrogate religion .

Success with self-consciously modest projects ( for example , a non-sectarian daily paper through which the existing left can talk to itself , before attempting a popular tabloid ) is the only way to build the confidence needed for any greater shift in the fundamental poles of national political culture .
success with self-consciously modest projects ( for example , a non-sectarian daily paper through which the existing left can talk to itself , before [trying] a popular tabloid ) is the only way to build the confidence needed for any greater shift in the fundamental poles of national political culture .

Nevertheless , attempting to detect a cyclical trend on the basis of just three cycles is a risky enterprise .
nevertheless , [trying] to detect a cyclical trend on the basis of just three cycles is a risky enterprise .

Among those who share this view , some would seek to create change by attempting to influence the dominant values of the society .
among those who share this view , some would seek to create change by [trying] to influence the dominant values of the society .

It is also believed to have been the word used by Romans when they were attempting to describe the giraffe .
it is also believed to have been the word used by romans when they were [trying] to describe the giraffe .

My final choice from last week 's ‘ Independent ’ was the example that provoked me into attempting this subject in the first place .
my final choice from last week 's ‘ independent ’ was the example that provoked me into [trying] this subject in the first place .

The most serious accusation is that they are attempting to take over leading British orthodox synagogues by stealth .
the most serious accusation is that they are [trying] to take over leading british orthodox synagogues by stealth .

It 's pointless attempting to pick out individual songs because they 're all brutally reduced to one-dimensional , rudimentary stompalongs that quickly become brain-numbing and tiresome .
it 's pointless [trying] to pick out individual songs because they 're all brutally reduced to one-dimensional , rudimentary stompalongs that quickly become brain-numbing and tiresome .

This salesman-like language was exactly that : Chalmers was attempting to sell advertising time .
this salesman-like language was exactly that : chalmers was [trying] to sell advertising time .

Just as the press gave African nationalism its primary means of dissemination and propaganda , so today , along with radio and television , it gives politicians their prime means of reaching national audiences and of attempting to secure a national following .
just as the press gave african nationalism its primary means of dissemination and propaganda , so today , along with radio and television , it gives politicians their prime means of reaching national audiences and of [trying] to secure a national following .

Similarly Marxism is wrong in seeing the problems of modernity as exclusively the result of the capitalist system and attempting to account for the behaviour of a Stalin or a Khruschev , or a Mao Tse-tung or a Hoxha in terms of the cult of personality while at the same time ignoring the lack of moral constraints on the exercise of power in modern Marxist states .
similarly marxism is wrong in seeing the problems of modernity as exclusively the result of the capitalist system and [trying] to account for the behaviour of a stalin or a khruschev , or a mao tse-tung or a hoxha in terms of the cult of personality while at the same time ignoring the lack of moral constraints on the exercise of power in modern marxist states .

Doubtless there will be some who will argue that attempting to change structures is less important than trying to convince those who exercise power in our society to do so responsibly or that in any case radical changes in structures are politically impossible .
doubtless there will be some who will argue that [trying] to change structures is less important than trying to convince those who exercise power in our society to do so responsibly or that in any case radical changes in structures are politically impossible .

In due course , he was convicted , under Section 1 ( 1 ) of the Criminal Attempts Act 1981 , of attempting to obtain services , that is credit facilities for hire-purchase purposes , by deception .
in due course , he was convicted , under section 1 ( 1 ) of the criminal attempts act 1981 , of [trying] to obtain services , that is credit facilities for hire-purchase purposes , by deception .

He was aware of this and in principle disliked it , attempting when he first set up in private practice , to resist it , but he had not been able to .
he was aware of this and in principle disliked it , [trying] when he first set up in private practice , to resist it , but he had not been able to .

He set about rectifying matters , attempting to redress the balance .
he set about rectifying matters , [trying] to redress the balance .

They had apparently felt as if a burden had been lifted from them and why tempt fate by attempting to get her back ?
they had apparently felt as if a burden had been lifted from them and why tempt fate by [trying] to get her back ?

This may seem like an impossible demand to make on someone who has smoked 20–60 cigarettes a day , but psychologically it works better for most people than attempting the ‘ slowly does it ’ campaign of a cigarette less every day .
this may seem like an impossible demand to make on someone who has smoked 20–60 cigarettes a day , but psychologically it works better for most people than [trying] the ‘ slowly does it ’ campaign of a cigarette less every day .

If you are in any doubt as the whether you should be attempting these exercises , consult your doctor — particularly if you suffer from a heart condition , a serious weight problem , varicose veins or an asthmatic illness .
if you are in any doubt as the whether you should be [trying] these exercises , consult your doctor — particularly if you suffer from a heart condition , a serious weight problem , varicose veins or an asthmatic illness .

If the insides of the thighs are stretching , then you are attempting this exercise too early in your fitness programme .
if the insides of the thighs are stretching , then you are [trying] this exercise too early in your fitness programme .

At first you will feel a general ache in the arms and shoulders from attempting some of these exercises .
at first you will feel a general ache in the arms and shoulders from [trying] some of these exercises .

Hopefully , you already have your own ideas , but if you have n't , you might start by attempting a rough calculation of the average spend per customer .
hopefully , you already have your own ideas , but if you have n't , you might start by [trying] a rough calculation of the average spend per customer .

Anglo-Welsh is attempting to deprive you of the opportunity to benefit from our excellent prospects .
anglo-welsh is [trying] to deprive you of the opportunity to benefit from our excellent prospects .

As has been firmly documented in much of the British press , Paris was divided into those designers attempting to proceed through the Nineties and more or less disappointing our expectations , and those who have love bombed straight back into the Seventies .
as has been firmly documented in much of the british press , paris was divided into those designers [trying] to proceed through the nineties and more or less disappointing our expectations , and those who have love bombed straight back into the seventies .

He learned how to format a screenplay and then studied film and , like Alan Cooke , it was frustration at getting nowhere with his screenplays that propelled Agbenugba into attempting a novel .
he learned how to format a screenplay and then studied film and , like alan cooke , it was frustration at getting nowhere with his screenplays that propelled agbenugba into [trying] a novel .

She was , in fact , somewhat ashamed that Edna was witness to so many things which , coming from a large , poor but loving family , must surely be incomprehensible to the girl : Liza 's aversion to picking up her child , never attempting to play with Celia , her obvious relief when Edna performed such tasks which any normal mother might have been expected to undertake willingly .
she was , in fact , somewhat ashamed that edna was witness to so many things which , coming from a large , poor but loving family , must surely be incomprehensible to the girl : liza 's aversion to picking up her child , never [trying] to play with celia , her obvious relief when edna performed such tasks which any normal mother might have been expected to undertake willingly .

There was no point in attempting to cover up .
there was no point in [trying] to cover up .

We 're in competition with one another , but we 're all attempting to give our customers top quality service .
we 're in competition with one another , but we 're all [trying] to give our customers top quality service .

Lévi-Strauss suggests that as a science anthropology should be attempting not to provide a definition of man as he is known experientially in our own society — an unscientific subjectivism — but should rather begin by ‘ dissolving ’ him .
lévi-strauss suggests that as a science anthropology should be [trying] not to provide a definition of man as he is known experientially in our own society — an unscientific subjectivism — but should rather begin by ‘ dissolving ’ him .

Rather than attempting to repeat and surpass the exalted projects of Sartre or Althusser in a new guise , later writers such as Foucault or Derrida learnt a lesson from history , and stopped to ask why such comprehensive theories , like so many of those which preceded them , could not hold together .
rather than [trying] to repeat and surpass the exalted projects of sartre or althusser in a new guise , later writers such as foucault or derrida learnt a lesson from history , and stopped to ask why such comprehensive theories , like so many of those which preceded them , could not hold together .

Foucault specifies the difference between them by contrasting their relation to the document : the historians of total history have been engaged above all in the interpretation of documents , attempting to reconstitute the past , to give it an inner meaning ( always available only to the historian ) , to recover a voice and allow it to speak .
foucault specifies the difference between them by contrasting their relation to the document : the historians of total history have been engaged above all in the interpretation of documents , [trying] to reconstitute the past , to give it an inner meaning ( always available only to the historian ) , to recover a voice and allow it to speak .

This does not mean that the intellectual therefore nihilistically celebrates dispersion , fragmentation or relativity : rather she or he is the person who , facing such dispersion but without conceding to the nostalgic desire for totalization , poses the questions and constitutes the series and continuities for analysis — and thus for transformation — while attempting to respect its heterogeneity .
this does not mean that the intellectual therefore nihilistically celebrates dispersion , fragmentation or relativity : rather she or he is the person who , facing such dispersion but without conceding to the nostalgic desire for totalization , poses the questions and constitutes the series and continuities for analysis — and thus for transformation — while [trying] to respect its heterogeneity .

Materials have been developed from this study and two books describe 12 pre-school schemes and centres which are attempting to develop relationships between parents and workers ( Pugh et al 1987 ) .
materials have been developed from this study and two books describe 12 pre-school schemes and centres which are [trying] to develop relationships between parents and workers ( pugh et al 1987 ) .

If the stepping stones laid down by previous legislation and publications are to be extended , it is important to review initiatives which are attempting to implement a policy for integration .
if the stepping stones laid down by previous legislation and publications are to be extended , it is important to review initiatives which are [trying] to implement a policy for integration .

More people are now aware of the built-in hazards that go with attempting to deal with a difficulty away from the context in which it arises , of the illogicality of such endeavour , and the wastefulness of selective provision that fails to maximise the school 's and school services ' existing resources .
more people are now aware of the built-in hazards that go with [trying] to deal with a difficulty away from the context in which it arises , of the illogicality of such endeavour , and the wastefulness of selective provision that fails to maximise the school 's and school services ' existing resources .

learning ways of pooling expertise rather than one-sidedly attempting to impart it
learning ways of pooling expertise rather than one-sidedly [trying] to impart it

Unger herself argues that we need ‘ to look at the surroundings and systemic connections of a behavior before attempting to explain it ’ ( 1979 : 478 ) .
unger herself argues that we need ‘ to look at the surroundings and systemic connections of a behavior before [trying] to explain it ’ ( 1979 : 478 ) .

He applied hard left rudder and left aileron , attempting to pull the aircraft back to the left .
he applied hard left rudder and left aileron , [trying] to pull the aircraft back to the left .

The Rapoports ( 1971 ) , in their study of married couples who both have a professional career , chose to investigate just five such couples by means of extended in-depth interviews , rather than attempting a survey .
the rapoports ( 1971 ) , in their study of married couples who both have a professional career , chose to investigate just five such couples by means of extended in-depth interviews , rather than [trying] a survey .

We revert to these distant ideas when discussing the press and the media instead of attempting to recast the core concepts in the context of today 's society .
we revert to these distant ideas when discussing the press and the media instead of [trying] to recast the core concepts in the context of today 's society .

When Althusser develops this claim , attempting to minimise the value of individual traits as a basis for generalisation , he suggests that not only each society , but each class , ‘ makes its own individuals ’ because its social environment differs substantially from that of other classes .
when althusser develops this claim , [trying] to minimise the value of individual traits as a basis for generalisation , he suggests that not only each society , but each class , ‘ makes its own individuals ’ because its social environment differs substantially from that of other classes .

The animal which is learning does not operate like an idiot photographer attempting to take a snap of everything .
the animal which is learning does not operate like an idiot photographer [trying] to take a snap of everything .

‘ She 's becoming a Genestealer , ’ babbled Googol . ‘ Well , is n't she ? Is n't she ? She ca n't possibly be attempting a perfect copy … ’
‘ she 's becoming a genestealer , ’ babbled googol . ‘ well , is n't she ? is n't she ? she ca n't possibly be [trying] a perfect copy … ’

That pocket of life was plainly still some distance away , yet it was apparent to Jaq that the instrument was attempting to distinguish more than the single sharp blip that would represent Carnelian alone .
that pocket of life was plainly still some distance away , yet it was apparent to jaq that the instrument was [trying] to distinguish more than the single sharp blip that would represent carnelian alone .

Imagine the driver 's passenger attempting to draw the baby 's attention to the pigeons , the traffic lights , and the roadworks .
imagine the driver 's passenger [trying] to draw the baby 's attention to the pigeons , the traffic lights , and the roadworks .

In attempting to elaborate upon this and to answer the question , ‘ How do we establish other rights , or define the content of the rights which are enumerated ?
in [trying] to elaborate upon this and to answer the question , ‘ how do we establish other rights , or define the content of the rights which are enumerated ?

Anyway , the crux of the problem involves coaxing your reluctant body around the arête , while attempting to keep as much of it as possible crammed into the now less-than-accommodating horizontal break .
anyway , the crux of the problem involves coaxing your reluctant body around the arête , while [trying] to keep as much of it as possible crammed into the now less-than-accommodating horizontal break .

Be sure to isolate electrical and water supplies before attempting to install a Superflow 3000 power shower , and follow the manufacturer 's instructions carefully .
be sure to isolate electrical and water supplies before [trying] to install a superflow 3000 power shower , and follow the manufacturer 's instructions carefully .

For any d-i-yer , attempting large or small-scale jobs , without access to a permanent workshop , the 750 is an ideal helpmate , which you 'll find more and more uses for in time .
for any d-i-yer , [trying] large or small-scale jobs , without access to a permanent workshop , the 750 is an ideal helpmate , which you 'll find more and more uses for in time .

During the Cultural Revolution , for example , a woman could be severely beaten for attempting to adorn herself in any way and ‘ running after bourgeois ways ’ .
during the cultural revolution , for example , a woman could be severely beaten for [trying] to adorn herself in any way and ‘ running after bourgeois ways ’ .

The student generation of the late 1980s was attempting to improve their position and find forms of diversion as well as being concerned about the underlying social problems which beset China in the period immediately before the outbreak of the ‘ patriotic democratic movement ’ .
the student generation of the late 1980s was [trying] to improve their position and find forms of diversion as well as being concerned about the underlying social problems which beset china in the period immediately before the outbreak of the ‘ patriotic democratic movement ’ .

It is important that you work through these in the order given before attempting the multiple choice questionnaire on Part 3 .
it is important that you work through these in the order given before [trying] the multiple choice questionnaire on part 3 .

There is nothing to be gained by attempting to force parents into accepting definitions of problems which they do not recognise as important or relevant , despite what you as a professional may think .
there is nothing to be gained by [trying] to force parents into accepting definitions of problems which they do not recognise as important or relevant , despite what you as a professional may think .

These should be worked through in order before attempting the multiple choice questionnaire on Part 4 .
these should be worked through in order before [trying] the multiple choice questionnaire on part 4 .

This has the advantage of establishing a high degree of control over the target utterance and , if the child is co-operating , it is possible to make a direct comparison between the utterance the child was attempting to produce and what the child actually said .
this has the advantage of establishing a high degree of control over the target utterance and , if the child is co-operating , it is possible to make a direct comparison between the utterance the child was [trying] to produce and what the child actually said .

These modern versions of Marxism are not attempting to reintroduce ‘ idealism ’ in which thought and ideas are given a central role in the determination of history .
these modern versions of marxism are not [trying] to reintroduce ‘ idealism ’ in which thought and ideas are given a central role in the determination of history .

They address the political processes of capitalism , attempting to understand the part played by knowledge and ideology in the maintenance of the mode of production and its characteristic social relations .
they address the political processes of capitalism , [trying] to understand the part played by knowledge and ideology in the maintenance of the mode of production and its characteristic social relations .

His account of ideology on the other hand is much more rewarding , locating it as he does in the presuppositions necessary for social life and avoiding the philosophical consequences of attempting to privilege one perspective .
his account of ideology on the other hand is much more rewarding , locating it as he does in the presuppositions necessary for social life and avoiding the philosophical consequences of [trying] to privilege one perspective .

It proceeds not by attempting to describe the essence of units but by arranging the sound units according to a system of binary oppositions ' .
it proceeds not by [trying] to describe the essence of units but by arranging the sound units according to a system of binary oppositions ' .

Unlike Lévi-Strauss or Barthes , semioticians like Eco avoid attempting to interrupt the chain of meaning to discover the universal or hidden meaning .
unlike lévi-strauss or barthes , semioticians like eco avoid [trying] to interrupt the chain of meaning to discover the universal or hidden meaning .

Reports from America offer numerous examples of users who get trapped in repeated , compulsive administration of the drug giving rise to incidents usually associated with bad acid trips , with people believing that they can fly or attempting to get out of moving vehicles .
reports from america offer numerous examples of users who get trapped in repeated , compulsive administration of the drug giving rise to incidents usually associated with bad acid trips , with people believing that they can fly or [trying] to get out of moving vehicles .

Recognising this , some feminists have used the alternative strategy of deliberately playing with words rather than attempting straightforwardly to redefine them .
recognising this , some feminists have used the alternative strategy of deliberately playing with words rather than [trying] straightforwardly to redefine them .

Jack too , was interested in attempting the flight , perhaps he was more confident than anyone else , his long distance flying experience would certainly stand him in good stead .
jack too , was interested in [trying] the flight , perhaps he was more confident than anyone else , his long distance flying experience would certainly stand him in good stead .

To describe this stage as interdependence takes away the stigma of attempting to parent a parent , assuming a role reversal .
to describe this stage as interdependence takes away the stigma of [trying] to parent a parent , assuming a role reversal .

But they insisted Charles and Diana were attempting to overcome their problems .
but they insisted charles and diana were [trying] to overcome their problems .

The sheet had not specified whether the driver was being investigated for ‘ driving or attempting to drive ’ or ‘ being in charge of a vehicle ’ , which carried a lower maximum penalty .
the sheet had not specified whether the driver was being investigated for ‘ driving or [trying] to drive ’ or ‘ being in charge of a vehicle ’ , which carried a lower maximum penalty .

Labour was attempting to control what were known as the commanding heights of the economy .
labour was [trying] to control what were known as the commanding heights of the economy .

Palmer did not discover the paper until 1986 , but he was lucky because in his department at Brigham Young University in Utah was Steven Jones who had spent the previous four years doing custom-built experiments with muons , attempting to induce fusion in the lab .
palmer did not discover the paper until 1986 , but he was lucky because in his department at brigham young university in utah was steven jones who had spent the previous four years doing custom-built experiments with muons , [trying] to induce fusion in the lab .

Nor did they know of the old Swedish experiments attempting to make helium from hydrogen in the laboratory .
nor did they know of the old swedish experiments [trying] to make helium from hydrogen in the laboratory .

When Jones made the offer he said he was ‘ attempting to establish an open and cooperative relationship ’ and to help mend the broken fences of the previous day 's rancour .
when jones made the offer he said he was ‘ [trying] to establish an open and cooperative relationship ’ and to help mend the broken fences of the previous day 's rancour .

It could equally be that they had spotted my men following them and were attempting to shake them off .
it could equally be that they had spotted my men following them and were [trying] to shake them off .

And it will do his own prospects no harm if he is seen attempting to make up for his failure to sign Alan Shearer in the summer .
and it will do his own prospects no harm if he is seen [trying] to make up for his failure to sign alan shearer in the summer .

Since then the Aussies have made the mistake of attempting one lap too far without a pit-stop .
since then the aussies have made the mistake of [trying] one lap too far without a pit-stop .

Some of the designs are so outrageous — a bizarre mishmash of colours and patterns — they look more suitable attire for teenagers attending raves than keepers attempting saves .
some of the designs are so outrageous — a bizarre mishmash of colours and patterns — they look more suitable attire for teenagers attending raves than keepers [trying] saves .

Cool Ground , set to carry top-weight of 12st , would be attempting to become the first since Burrough Hill Lad in 1984 to win the Cheltenham Gold Cup and Hennessy in the same year .
cool ground , set to carry top-weight of 12st , would be [trying] to become the first since burrough hill lad in 1984 to win the cheltenham gold cup and hennessy in the same year .

Such theories lead logically to leaving older people alone rather than attempting to improve the quality of their lives through continued social engagement .
such theories lead logically to leaving older people alone rather than [trying] to improve the quality of their lives through continued social engagement .

Counselling can have a direct role in attempting to encourage and renew confidence , both through dialogue and through practical assistance and support .
counselling can have a direct role in [trying] to encourage and renew confidence , both through dialogue and through practical assistance and support .

Scientists attempting to calculate the number of extraterrestrial civilizations are in exactly the same position : the only evidence we have for life anywhere in the Universe is confined to this planet .
scientists [trying] to calculate the number of extraterrestrial civilizations are in exactly the same position : the only evidence we have for life anywhere in the universe is confined to this planet .

Clever parents are , naturally , going to give their children a more encouraging educational environment : to take a single example , they are not going to have the television set on at full volume while the unfortunate kids are attempting to do their school homework .
clever parents are , naturally , going to give their children a more encouraging educational environment : to take a single example , they are not going to have the television set on at full volume while the unfortunate kids are [trying] to do their school homework .

In attempting to understand ‘ who you are ’ , ask yourself the extent to which you consider your personality is determined by :
in [trying] to understand ‘ who you are ’ , ask yourself the extent to which you consider your personality is determined by :

If you are attempting to influence people whom you do not know , you must appear to have integrity and credibility .
if you are [trying] to influence people whom you do not know , you must appear to have integrity and credibility .

When we offer advice , seek support for our ideas or seek to gain commitment to a course of action we are attempting to persuade .
when we offer advice , seek support for our ideas or seek to gain commitment to a course of action we are [trying] to persuade .

Mount cutting is a skilled job , so it is advisable to practise on some offcuts of mounting board before attempting to cut the real thing .
mount cutting is a skilled job , so it is advisable to practise on some offcuts of mounting board before [trying] to cut the real thing .

Consider the offence of driving , attempting to drive or being in charge of a motor vehicle on a road or public place whilst unfit to drive through drink and drugs , where appropriate .
consider the offence of driving , [trying] to drive or being in charge of a motor vehicle on a road or public place whilst unfit to drive through drink and drugs , where appropriate .

That what the Act was in fact attempting to license was gravity .
that what the act was in fact [trying] to license was gravity .

In Europe international tensions would be kept artificially alive in order to justify massive expenditure on armaments and the construction of centralized bureaucracies and armies capable of suppressing any democratic movement attempting to challenge the power and wealth of the bankers and their hangers on .
in europe international tensions would be kept artificially alive in order to justify massive expenditure on armaments and the construction of centralized bureaucracies and armies capable of suppressing any democratic movement [trying] to challenge the power and wealth of the bankers and their hangers on .

This programme focused on the construction of a better international order after the war , rather than attempting to elaborate detailed terms for an immediate negotiated settlement .
this programme focused on the construction of a better international order after the war , rather than [trying] to elaborate detailed terms for an immediate negotiated settlement .

Labour 's adoption of socialism evolved out of discussions among Labour leaders attempting to formulate a response , short of actual resistance , to the imposition of military conscription in 1916 .
labour 's adoption of socialism evolved out of discussions among labour leaders [trying] to formulate a response , short of actual resistance , to the imposition of military conscription in 1916 .

Dr Courtney was on top of her , attempting to rape her .
dr courtney was on top of her , [trying] to rape her .

Orlan is attempting to mould that ‘ costume ’ to achieve what she believes is the perfect face — one that copies all the attributes of the goddesses of Greek and Roman mythology as portayed by the world 's greatest artists .
orlan is [trying] to mould that ‘ costume ’ to achieve what she believes is the perfect face — one that copies all the attributes of the goddesses of greek and roman mythology as portayed by the world 's greatest artists .

The raider , Colin Budd , was attempting to steal weapons at Ward and Company in Colchester , Essex last July .
the raider , colin budd , was [trying] to steal weapons at ward and company in colchester , essex last july .

Former Tottenham defender Paul Miller , now a financial consultant , is heading the group attempting a £1 million buy-out and talks were ‘ at an advanced stage ’ last night .
former tottenham defender paul miller , now a financial consultant , is heading the group [trying] a £1 million buy-out and talks were ‘ at an advanced stage ’ last night .

Former Tottenham defender Paul Miller , now a financial consultant , is heading the group attempting a £1 million buy-out and talks were ‘ at an advanced stage ’ last night .
former tottenham defender paul miller , now a financial consultant , is heading the group [trying] a £1 million buy-out and talks were ‘ at an advanced stage ’ last night .

Manchester-based Leonard Curties and Partners are busy drawing up a report on the club 's financial affairs before attempting to finalise the sale next year for a fee of around £1.3 million .
manchester-based leonard curties and partners are busy drawing up a report on the club 's financial affairs before [trying] to finalise the sale next year for a fee of around £1.3 million .

Reports that have reached us suggest that the Inland Revenue has been attempting to shake off its former austere image by offering some visitors refreshment .
reports that have reached us suggest that the inland revenue has been [trying] to shake off its former austere image by offering some visitors refreshment .

Since our research has concentrated on one company in a particular industry , we are not attempting to draw general conclusions for all company reports .
since our research has concentrated on one company in a particular industry , we are not [trying] to draw general conclusions for all company reports .

It overturned on attempting to take the sharp corner into Ruskin Road and fell on its side in front of a doctor 's house .
it overturned on [trying] to take the sharp corner into ruskin road and fell on its side in front of a doctor 's house .

It is interesting to note , therefore , that close examination of a scrummage during the Scotland v England match reveals Mr. Sole attempting the aforementioned manoeuvre and indeed winning a penalty .
it is interesting to note , therefore , that close examination of a scrummage during the scotland v england match reveals mr. sole [trying] the aforementioned manoeuvre and indeed winning a penalty .

Then , during the World Cup final , he clashed heads with England winger Simon Halliday and suffered a cut above his right eye — an injury which can be quite bothersome for a full-back , especially when attempting to gather high balls .
then , during the world cup final , he clashed heads with england winger simon halliday and suffered a cut above his right eye — an injury which can be quite bothersome for a full-back , especially when [trying] to gather high balls .

The TODAY-sponsored team attempting to be the first Britons to climb Everest in winter was desolate at the defeat .
the today-sponsored team [trying] to be the first britons to climb everest in winter was desolate at the defeat .

People would say — usually his father — that if he was determined to be an artist , well and good , but why did he spend so much time with books , and silly French novels at that ? Where was the connection ? He replied politely that just as he studied the whereabouts of bones and tendons and muscles so as to know more about the figures he tried to draw , in the same way — if he was attempting a portrait — it helped to know something about the working of people 's minds and how their characters had been formed .
people would say — usually his father — that if he was determined to be an artist , well and good , but why did he spend so much time with books , and silly french novels at that ? where was the connection ? he replied politely that just as he studied the whereabouts of bones and tendons and muscles so as to know more about the figures he tried to draw , in the same way — if he was [trying] a portrait — it helped to know something about the working of people 's minds and how their characters had been formed .

The old ones , fearful and suspicious , jealous even , were attempting to stifle young love .
the old ones , fearful and suspicious , jealous even , were [trying] to stifle young love .

No doubt attempting to forestall criticism and evoke compassion , he began with the pregnancy , highlighting it twice .
no doubt [trying] to forestall criticism and evoke compassion , he began with the pregnancy , highlighting it twice .

Gibraltar , for instance , is often used to hold Spanish assets , although the Spanish tax authorities are aware of the situation and attempting to limit it at least as far as the holding of real property is concerned .
gibraltar , for instance , is often used to hold spanish assets , although the spanish tax authorities are aware of the situation and [trying] to limit it at least as far as the holding of real property is concerned .

The employer said it had been attempting to tighten up on the very widespread practice of employees going for tea immediately after clocking on .
the employer said it had been [trying] to tighten up on the very widespread practice of employees going for tea immediately after clocking on .

There were compensations ; more so than Kent , Sussex was brought into the embrace of the ‘ law givers ’ , kings attempting to codify the wide variety of regional customary differences to give an element of stability to Saxon society .
there were compensations ; more so than kent , sussex was brought into the embrace of the ‘ law givers ’ , kings [trying] to codify the wide variety of regional customary differences to give an element of stability to saxon society .

When George Ill and his supporters questioned the local authority of the Duke of Richmond by attempting to remove him from the lord-lieutenancy in 1779 , they were firmly repulsed by a well-organised but short-lived local movement for ‘ reform ’ .
when george ill and his supporters questioned the local authority of the duke of richmond by [trying] to remove him from the lord-lieutenancy in 1779 , they were firmly repulsed by a well-organised but short-lived local movement for ‘ reform ’ .

Dr Nigel Cox , 47 , convicted of attempting to murder a terminally ill patient , has until Thursday to decide whether to return to his post at the Royal Hampshire County Hospital in Winchester next year subject to certain conditions .
dr nigel cox , 47 , convicted of [trying] to murder a terminally ill patient , has until thursday to decide whether to return to his post at the royal hampshire county hospital in winchester next year subject to certain conditions .

An 11-year-old Leeds girl is attempting to divorce her parents , accusing her mother of treating her like a slave .
an 11-year-old leeds girl is [trying] to divorce her parents , accusing her mother of treating her like a slave .

Dr Cox , 47 , of Colden Common , Hants , was convicted at Winchester Crown Court in September of attempting to murder Lillian Boyes , 70 , who suffered from rheumatoid arthritis .
dr cox , 47 , of colden common , hants , was convicted at winchester crown court in september of [trying] to murder lillian boyes , 70 , who suffered from rheumatoid arthritis .

Many of those which have wintered in the coastal seas or along the shores of Britain gather in the northern islands to complete the moult before attempting the long flight .
many of those which have wintered in the coastal seas or along the shores of britain gather in the northern islands to complete the moult before [trying] the long flight .

Critics of Indian prisons have continued for years to point out the incongruity of attempting to run an avowedly ‘ correctional ’ prison system with structures , rules and physical conditions created for quite different purposes . Among the most frequently condemned aspects have been the following :
critics of indian prisons have continued for years to point out the incongruity of [trying] to run an avowedly ‘ correctional ’ prison system with structures , rules and physical conditions created for quite different purposes . among the most frequently condemned aspects have been the following :

Sober theologians warned against the excesses of the devotion , attempting to root devotion to Mary in the Scriptures , and pointing to the difficulties that were occasioned in relations with other Churches .
sober theologians warned against the excesses of the devotion , [trying] to root devotion to mary in the scriptures , and pointing to the difficulties that were occasioned in relations with other churches .

Suspicion began to be voiced that the minority was attempting to control the Council by a delaying tactic which would render it ineffectual and , as the number of bishops attending declined , unrepresentative of the Church at large .
suspicion began to be voiced that the minority was [trying] to control the council by a delaying tactic which would render it ineffectual and , as the number of bishops attending declined , unrepresentative of the church at large .

Attempting to describe the outcome of these processes in terms of ‘ traits ’ or ‘ types ’ does not really seem to help the explanation very much .
[trying] to describe the outcome of these processes in terms of ‘ traits ’ or ‘ types ’ does not really seem to help the explanation very much .

In a study attempting to utilise the theory , Cressey ( 1953 ) concluded that they probably could not be .
in a study [trying] to utilise the theory , cressey ( 1953 ) concluded that they probably could not be .

He subjects these bonds to rigorous empirical testing using the standard techniques of positivist criminology ( survey , statistical analysis ) , while in addition attempting to avoid the problem of the selectivity of ‘ official ’ definitions of criminality by using alternative sources of data ( ‘ self-report ’ data ) .
he subjects these bonds to rigorous empirical testing using the standard techniques of positivist criminology ( survey , statistical analysis ) , while in addition [trying] to avoid the problem of the selectivity of ‘ official ’ definitions of criminality by using alternative sources of data ( ‘ self-report ’ data ) .

As we saw in the earlier section on control theory , there has been a new interest in deterrence and prevention as well , attempting to improve on the original , crude formulations of Beccaria .
as we saw in the earlier section on control theory , there has been a new interest in deterrence and prevention as well , [trying] to improve on the original , crude formulations of beccaria .

She saw its mouth open and close as if it was attempting to address her .
she saw its mouth open and close as if it was [trying] to address her .

Another of his treasures , the seventh volume of Gaud Maybellome 's Encyclopaedia of Heavenly Signs , originally written in the language of Third Dominion academics but widely translated for the delectation of the proletariat , he 'd bought from a woman in the city of Jassick , who 'd approached him in a gaming room where he was attempting to explain cricket to a group of the locals , and said she recognized him from stories her husband ( who was in the Autarch 's army in Yzordderrex ) had told .
another of his treasures , the seventh volume of gaud maybellome 's encyclopaedia of heavenly signs , originally written in the language of third dominion academics but widely translated for the delectation of the proletariat , he 'd bought from a woman in the city of jassick , who 'd approached him in a gaming room where he was [trying] to explain cricket to a group of the locals , and said she recognized him from stories her husband ( who was in the autarch 's army in yzordderrex ) had told .

He worked in a fair frenzy for two hours , making demands of the paint he 'd never made before , plastering it on with palette knife and fingers , attempting to capture at least the shape and proportion of the thing 's head and neck .
he worked in a fair frenzy for two hours , making demands of the paint he 'd never made before , plastering it on with palette knife and fingers , [trying] to capture at least the shape and proportion of the thing 's head and neck .

While attempting to give financial autonomy to schools the government has at the same time failed to help the market — that is , parents and pupils — to decide what subjects should be studied .
while [trying] to give financial autonomy to schools the government has at the same time failed to help the market — that is , parents and pupils — to decide what subjects should be studied .

He reversed some of the laws on language and education which discriminated against Tamils , and took to visiting some of the Tamils ' Hindu temples , even attempting the odd public statement in Tamil .
he reversed some of the laws on language and education which discriminated against tamils , and took to visiting some of the tamils ' hindu temples , even [trying] the odd public statement in tamil .

Attempting to distinguish the two forms , Frances Berry arrived at the strange result that Thou in the Sonnets is ‘ remote ’ and ‘ betokens distant admiration ’ , while You is ‘ more intimate ’ .
[trying] to distinguish the two forms , frances berry arrived at the strange result that thou in the sonnets is ‘ remote ’ and ‘ betokens distant admiration ’ , while you is ‘ more intimate ’ .

Whitehall recognised the wastefulness of attempting to duplicate their expertise , though the Ministry of Fuel and Power had appointed expert advisers on both economics and science , perceiving the need for at least some expert technical knowledge if they were to exercise their overseeing role .
whitehall recognised the wastefulness of [trying] to duplicate their expertise , though the ministry of fuel and power had appointed expert advisers on both economics and science , perceiving the need for at least some expert technical knowledge if they were to exercise their overseeing role .

The laird of Stracathro , from the urgency of his correspondence , was clearly in terror that the land in question might be granted to another , for he was not attempting to secure a gift of the land but offering to pay full market value for it .
the laird of stracathro , from the urgency of his correspondence , was clearly in terror that the land in question might be granted to another , for he was not [trying] to secure a gift of the land but offering to pay full market value for it .

Lord Milton , for example , came close to doing that while he was attempting to strengthen the position of Sir James Campbell of Ardkinglas as the Administration 's candidate for the representation of Stirlingshire .
lord milton , for example , came close to doing that while he was [trying] to strengthen the position of sir james campbell of ardkinglas as the administration 's candidate for the representation of stirlingshire .

It should perhaps be added that Stewart was not attempting to enter the service at a higher than normal rank , for fusilier regiments did not employ the rank of ensign , the equivalent rank being that of second lieutenant , which was what was sought .
it should perhaps be added that stewart was not [trying] to enter the service at a higher than normal rank , for fusilier regiments did not employ the rank of ensign , the equivalent rank being that of second lieutenant , which was what was sought .

The threat , however , was apparent from the outset , for Montrose 's enemies the Campbells had been actively attempting to disappoint the duke 's recommendation , and were thus well placed to take full advantage of any subsequent trouble to strengthen Argyll 's following and weaken the interest of the family of Montrose .
the threat , however , was apparent from the outset , for montrose 's enemies the campbells had been actively [trying] to disappoint the duke 's recommendation , and were thus well placed to take full advantage of any subsequent trouble to strengthen argyll 's following and weaken the interest of the family of montrose .

The first , as is implied by its name , is sympathetic and persuasive , attempting to ‘ convert the deviant ’ to the dominant way of thinking and behaving .
the first , as is implied by its name , is sympathetic and persuasive , [trying] to ‘ convert the deviant ’ to the dominant way of thinking and behaving .

The maximum penalty for gross indecency committed by a man over 21 with someone aged under 21 would be increased from two to five years , as would be the penalty for the offence of attempting to procure or procuring a man under 21 to commit an act of gross indecency .
the maximum penalty for gross indecency committed by a man over 21 with someone aged under 21 would be increased from two to five years , as would be the penalty for the offence of [trying] to procure or procuring a man under 21 to commit an act of gross indecency .

Taxes raised on what is reckoned to be the world 's largest untaxed industry would help governments spend money on treatment and education , which would do more good than the billions currently spent on attempting to throttle the criminal supply of drugs of all sorts .
taxes raised on what is reckoned to be the world 's largest untaxed industry would help governments spend money on treatment and education , which would do more good than the billions currently spent on [trying] to throttle the criminal supply of drugs of all sorts .

Perversely , by attempting to boost shares in so crude a fashion , Japan 's finance ministry may have succeeded only in prolonging the bear market .
perversely , by [trying] to boost shares in so crude a fashion , japan 's finance ministry may have succeeded only in prolonging the bear market .

Attempting to integrate under fives
[trying] to integrate under fives

Indeed , it has been said by some professionals in the field that we are doing the students a disservice by attempting to break through their apathy since their main chance of happiness lies in their passive acceptance of traditional ‘ care ’ facilities .
indeed , it has been said by some professionals in the field that we are doing the students a disservice by [trying] to break through their apathy since their main chance of happiness lies in their passive acceptance of traditional ‘ care ’ facilities .

Attempting to challenge and change the attitudes of individuals who feel discomfort or exhibit prejudice when faced with the possibility , or reality , of encountering people with disabilities is both a responsibility in my job and intrinsic to my personality .
[trying] to challenge and change the attitudes of individuals who feel discomfort or exhibit prejudice when faced with the possibility , or reality , of encountering people with disabilities is both a responsibility in my job and intrinsic to my personality .

They are attempting to chart a career path through the foggy waters of appraisal , Special Responsibilities and the radically changed scenario of personal and school-based staff development .
they are [trying] to chart a career path through the foggy waters of appraisal , special responsibilities and the radically changed scenario of personal and school-based staff development .

Francesca Thyssen , who married Karl Habsburg , the son of Otto von Habsburg , the last Crown Prince of the Austro-Hungarian empire , at the end of January , is attempting to maintain the position of the Villa Favorita in the international art scene .
francesca thyssen , who married karl habsburg , the son of otto von habsburg , the last crown prince of the austro-hungarian empire , at the end of january , is [trying] to maintain the position of the villa favorita in the international art scene .

Besides attempting to say what it was about a sensation which served as a sign of the location of whatever had given rise to it , adherents of the local sign theory had also to say in what way the reference to a part of the body was made — whether in the form of visual imagery , or of a judgement , or of something else .
besides [trying] to say what it was about a sensation which served as a sign of the location of whatever had given rise to it , adherents of the local sign theory had also to say in what way the reference to a part of the body was made — whether in the form of visual imagery , or of a judgement , or of something else .

On the other side of the perimeter fence there are groups of soaked souls attempting to climb over or under it .
on the other side of the perimeter fence there are groups of soaked souls [trying] to climb over or under it .

Screamingly conspicuous by their absence are Godflesh , but that 's because Pitch Shifter make the pack , snorting and growling , attempting to disguise the fact they 're pussycats underneath it all .
screamingly conspicuous by their absence are godflesh , but that 's because pitch shifter make the pack , snorting and growling , [trying] to disguise the fact they 're pussycats underneath it all .

The focal point is vocalist Lucia , who succeeds with some finesse in playing keyboards , singing , jumping , clapping and attempting several triple somersaults with twist and pike at the same time .
the focal point is vocalist lucia , who succeeds with some finesse in playing keyboards , singing , jumping , clapping and [trying] several triple somersaults with twist and pike at the same time .

Legal representatives for Virgin are , however , attempting to clarify Jones ' status so the guitarist may join the reunion .
legal representatives for virgin are , however , [trying] to clarify jones ' status so the guitarist may join the reunion .

The prospect of a play attempting to deal realistically with the phenomenon of drug and club culture would seem to be setting itself up as a target for scorn and ridicule from people involved in the scene and as a scapegoat for moral guardians who bitterly oppose it .
the prospect of a play [trying] to deal realistically with the phenomenon of drug and club culture would seem to be setting itself up as a target for scorn and ridicule from people involved in the scene and as a scapegoat for moral guardians who bitterly oppose it .

Inevitably , there are bound to be risks when breaking the mould by attempting fresh patterns of presentation or using imaginative , unconventional layouts .
inevitably , there are bound to be risks when breaking the mould by [trying] fresh patterns of presentation or using imaginative , unconventional layouts .

It has found a new publisher in the American corporation Elegant Logic which is at present attempting to gain a foothold in the Russian market .
it has found a new publisher in the american corporation elegant logic which is at present [trying] to gain a foothold in the russian market .

As we have seen , by 1948 the British government seemed to have modified its attitude , and many thought the time to be more propitious for attempting to pull Britain more firmly within the European orbit .
as we have seen , by 1948 the british government seemed to have modified its attitude , and many thought the time to be more propitious for [trying] to pull britain more firmly within the european orbit .

The Commission took the lead in seeking a way through the conflicting demands , attempting to bring all three proposals into one package deal .
the commission took the lead in seeking a way through the conflicting demands , [trying] to bring all three proposals into one package deal .

The French view was reiterated by de Gaulle at a press conference in September when he attacked the Commission for acting unconstitutionally in attempting to take power away from the national governments , concluding with the statement that France would not participate in the Council of Ministers until the Commission retracted .
the french view was reiterated by de gaulle at a press conference in september when he attacked the commission for acting unconstitutionally in [trying] to take power away from the national governments , concluding with the statement that france would not participate in the council of ministers until the commission retracted .

Maybe it is the implication that drawing and painting buildings demands a sound knowledge of perspective that deters many artists from attempting such work .
maybe it is the implication that drawing and painting buildings demands a sound knowledge of perspective that deters many artists from [trying] such work .

Up until June 30 next year , Teddy is attempting to go flying in as many different aircraft as possible , and he already has some impressive types in his logbook .
up until june 30 next year , teddy is [trying] to go flying in as many different aircraft as possible , and he already has some impressive types in his logbook .

The position of the crash was consistent with the aircraft entering the eastern entrance — flying just above sea level — with the intention of turning east after dropping and attempting to escape along the coast at low level .
the position of the crash was consistent with the aircraft entering the eastern entrance — flying just above sea level — with the intention of turning east after dropping and [trying] to escape along the coast at low level .

In attempting to maintain a broad political base and in holding together the traditions of moderate evangelical Anglicanism and moderate dissent the Buxton group sought ‘ a Wilberforce station ’ but in changed circumstances .
in [trying] to maintain a broad political base and in holding together the traditions of moderate evangelical anglicanism and moderate dissent the buxton group sought ‘ a wilberforce station ’ but in changed circumstances .

Pietism and the Moravian movement on the Continent and the Evangelical Revival and Methodism in Britain and America can all be seen as attempting to hold together these two sides .
pietism and the moravian movement on the continent and the evangelical revival and methodism in britain and america can all be seen as [trying] to hold together these two sides .

In both , Schleiermacher can be seen attempting to chart a middle way between traditional orthodoxy and cold rationalism , to find a means of re-stating classical Christian convictions in a fresh and modern way which will not reduce them or dilute them , but rather uncover their real force and depth .
in both , schleiermacher can be seen [trying] to chart a middle way between traditional orthodoxy and cold rationalism , to find a means of re-stating classical christian convictions in a fresh and modern way which will not reduce them or dilute them , but rather uncover their real force and depth .

In this new study , Baur made considerable use of Hegel 's dialectical conception , finding the New Testament to reflect , not a homogeneous movement , but a conflict between an earlier , Petrine theology and a later , Pauline type , which the later New Testament documents were attempting dialectical movement in the development of the church and theology in subsequent ages .
in this new study , baur made considerable use of hegel 's dialectical conception , finding the new testament to reflect , not a homogeneous movement , but a conflict between an earlier , petrine theology and a later , pauline type , which the later new testament documents were [trying] dialectical movement in the development of the church and theology in subsequent ages .

Nonetheless he stands out as a prophetic beacon , a fresh and radical thinker whose radicalism did not lie in attempting a consciously ‘ modern reinterpretation ’ of Christian faith , but in struggling afresh with the heart of the matter , and charting out a very different course from those being recommended on all sides around him .
nonetheless he stands out as a prophetic beacon , a fresh and radical thinker whose radicalism did not lie in [trying] a consciously ‘ modern reinterpretation ’ of christian faith , but in struggling afresh with the heart of the matter , and charting out a very different course from those being recommended on all sides around him .

Few fishkeepers for whatever reason , seem interested in attempting to breed this cichlid in captivity .
few fishkeepers for whatever reason , seem interested in [trying] to breed this cichlid in captivity .

During this period Cardinals were being bred by a well known fishkeeper who lived in Cornwall and this stirred my interest in attempting to do the same .
during this period cardinals were being bred by a well known fishkeeper who lived in cornwall and this stirred my interest in [trying] to do the same .

Film historians have spent a good deal of time debating the significance of the gangster films and attempting to relate them to the whole ethos of the Wall Street crash and the onset of the depression .
film historians have spent a good deal of time debating the significance of the gangster films and [trying] to relate them to the whole ethos of the wall street crash and the onset of the depression .

Before attempting to describe the various approaches to learning and teaching which may be found in the contemporary primary school , it would be appropriate to list in the broadest of terms the key elements which lie at the heart of the curriculum .
before [trying] to describe the various approaches to learning and teaching which may be found in the contemporary primary school , it would be appropriate to list in the broadest of terms the key elements which lie at the heart of the curriculum .

The difficulty experienced by many who teach in these areas is not in keeping parents out of school but in attempting to make them feel that they have a place within it .
the difficulty experienced by many who teach in these areas is not in keeping parents out of school but in [trying] to make them feel that they have a place within it .

These models develop continuously while attempting to modify the external situation ( physical or social ) .
these models develop continuously while [trying] to modify the external situation ( physical or social ) .

Correspondingly , when there is a complex situation to discuss there can be considerable dividends in attempting to get an agreed model ‘ on the table ’ before considering specific issues .
correspondingly , when there is a complex situation to discuss there can be considerable dividends in [trying] to get an agreed model ‘ on the table ’ before considering specific issues .

More subtly he is also restricted by attempting to set the knowledge in another artificial situation , the educational process of sitting in classrooms learning by rote leavened by some understanding and being examined and tested in standardised situations .
more subtly he is also restricted by [trying] to set the knowledge in another artificial situation , the educational process of sitting in classrooms learning by rote leavened by some understanding and being examined and tested in standardised situations .

The advantages of such a mechanism are clear , it is possible to manipulate the model and thus understand the outside world in the sense of predicting what will happen without the potential costs of attempting to manipulate the real world and allowing things to happen , some of which might be considered to be unfortunate .
the advantages of such a mechanism are clear , it is possible to manipulate the model and thus understand the outside world in the sense of predicting what will happen without the potential costs of [trying] to manipulate the real world and allowing things to happen , some of which might be considered to be unfortunate .

It follows that attempting to reduce error rates by one person checking another 's performance or automatically comparing the output of the individuals simultaneously performing the same task is not as effective as it would be if errors in the sources were independent ( Chapanis et al .
it follows that [trying] to reduce error rates by one person checking another 's performance or automatically comparing the output of the individuals simultaneously performing the same task is not as effective as it would be if errors in the sources were independent ( chapanis et al .

Attempting to do research on the interview per se is doomed to failure because the skills of the actors will dominate the success or otherwise of the proceedings .
[trying] to do research on the interview per se is doomed to failure because the skills of the actors will dominate the success or otherwise of the proceedings .

Sampling might also involve time phasing as in attempting to detect opinion trends leading up to a general election .
sampling might also involve time phasing as in [trying] to detect opinion trends leading up to a general election .

the manager attempting to use a personal computer with inadequate key-board and data search performance .
the manager [trying] to use a personal computer with inadequate key-board and data search performance .

Also , anyone attempting to remove a book from the library will be attacked by a Guardian Spirit .
also , anyone [trying] to remove a book from the library will be attacked by a guardian spirit .

Attempting to destroy this ‘ window ’ is a bad idea ; it 's effectively indestructible .
[trying] to destroy this ‘ window ’ is a bad idea ; it 's effectively indestructible .

There may also be a desire to utilise comparative studies for practical policy considerations by attempting to derive ‘ lessons ’ from overseas experience .
there may also be a desire to utilise comparative studies for practical policy considerations by [trying] to derive ‘ lessons ’ from overseas experience .

Although the quantitative approach raises its own problems of methodology and measurement in attempting to model complex behaviour , it can be useful in sharpening concepts , providing some common ground between different disciplines and isolating the effects of one particular variable whilst allowing for the influence of the others .
although the quantitative approach raises its own problems of methodology and measurement in [trying] to model complex behaviour , it can be useful in sharpening concepts , providing some common ground between different disciplines and isolating the effects of one particular variable whilst allowing for the influence of the others .

As we have indicated , there can be problems in attempting to extract a single institution or rule from a national industrial relations system in order to compare it with what happens elsewhere since
as we have indicated , there can be problems in [trying] to extract a single institution or rule from a national industrial relations system in order to compare it with what happens elsewhere since

As a result employers came to reappraise their previous strategy of attempting to contain unions by means of active opposition since that was more likely to result in increased government intervention to facilitate recognition .
as a result employers came to reappraise their previous strategy of [trying] to contain unions by means of active opposition since that was more likely to result in increased government intervention to facilitate recognition .

As Goodman has expressed it , in attempting generalisations for European industrial relations which cut across national boundaries
as goodman has expressed it , in [trying] generalisations for european industrial relations which cut across national boundaries

It can indeed be argued that the strict Calvinists who controlled England during this period were attempting by such means to bring about a cultural revolution ( see Chapter 5 ) .
it can indeed be argued that the strict calvinists who controlled england during this period were [trying] by such means to bring about a cultural revolution ( see chapter 5 ) .

Some Arminians were even accused of attempting to disseminate views on the eucharist that were suspiciously similar to transubstantiation .
some arminians were even accused of [trying] to disseminate views on the eucharist that were suspiciously similar to transubstantiation .

Many aspects of the religious beliefs and practices of the early modern English laity are notoriously difficult to anatomize , and historians need to employ great care and sensitivity when attempting to dissect them .
many aspects of the religious beliefs and practices of the early modern english laity are notoriously difficult to anatomize , and historians need to employ great care and sensitivity when [trying] to dissect them .

In fact , neither side was at first attempting to reach the defensive flank of the North Sea ; rather , each was hastening to get around the enemy 's northern flank in the only area where mobile warfare was still possible on the Western Front .
in fact , neither side was at first [trying] to reach the defensive flank of the north sea ; rather , each was hastening to get around the enemy 's northern flank in the only area where mobile warfare was still possible on the western front .

Each unit , once landed , had therefore to make its own decisions undirected by the higher command , with the result that one company , though separated by only a short distance from the next , could be unaware of what their comrades were attempting .
each unit , once landed , had therefore to make its own decisions undirected by the higher command , with the result that one company , though separated by only a short distance from the next , could be unaware of what their comrades were [trying] .

One final raid was made from plans conceived under the old management , 100 men from 9 Commando attempting to capture a gun battery near Houlgate .
one final raid was made from plans conceived under the old management , 100 men from 9 commando [trying] to capture a gun battery near houlgate .

As the Australians retreated eastwards , attempting to form a defence perimeter , 630 Japanese paratroops were dropped to snipe among them , slowing their retreat and allowing the battle-hardened elements of the Japanese 38 Division — some 5,000 men — to outflank the Australians ' withdrawal .
as the australians retreated eastwards , [trying] to form a defence perimeter , 630 japanese paratroops were dropped to snipe among them , slowing their retreat and allowing the battle-hardened elements of the japanese 38 division — some 5,000 men — to outflank the australians ' withdrawal .

Turn off the pump 's power supply before attempting this .
turn off the pump 's power supply before [trying] this .

You must have the correct access equipment before attempting any kind of roof work .
you must have the correct access equipment before [trying] any kind of roof work .

My purpose has been limited to increasing a level of awareness , rather than attempting to supply solutions .
my purpose has been limited to increasing a level of awareness , rather than [trying] to supply solutions .

It meant , too , that other MPs were discouraged from themselves attempting to raise the matter .
it meant , too , that other mps were discouraged from themselves [trying] to raise the matter .

will not attempt to register or use for its own benefit , or aid any third party in attempting to register or use , the Trade Marks or any trade mark the use of which would constitute an infringement of 's Trade Marks .
will not attempt to register or use for its own benefit , or aid any third party in [trying] to register or use , the trade marks or any trade mark the use of which would constitute an infringement of 's trade marks .

Honest copy : not attempting to hide its many imperfections .
honest copy : not [trying] to hide its many imperfections .

The scheme was not adopted and the results of the feasibility study provide a good example of some of the difficulties that the state has faced in attempting to change the pattern of welfare .
the scheme was not adopted and the results of the feasibility study provide a good example of some of the difficulties that the state has faced in [trying] to change the pattern of welfare .

Professionals have a choice between imposing ‘ appropriate ’ needs on their clients or attempting to break down the latters ' 'dein-dividualisation' ( e.g. as an unemployed person , as a schizophrenic etc. ) and assisting ‘ real ’ needs to be collectively voiced .
professionals have a choice between imposing ‘ appropriate ’ needs on their clients or [trying] to break down the latters ' 'dein-dividualisation' ( e.g. as an unemployed person , as a schizophrenic etc. ) and assisting ‘ real ’ needs to be collectively voiced .

The English were blamed , and yet Darien was one of a number of events that convinced the Lowland Scots that they should try to reach better terms with England before attempting to become independent ; in 1707 England and Scotland became united with a single government and a single Parliament , and one of the terms of the Union was that the Darien investors should be reimbursed for their losses .
the english were blamed , and yet darien was one of a number of events that convinced the lowland scots that they should try to reach better terms with england before [trying] to become independent ; in 1707 england and scotland became united with a single government and a single parliament , and one of the terms of the union was that the darien investors should be reimbursed for their losses .

However , the theme of attempting to discredit the woman in the witness box continues .
however , the theme of [trying] to discredit the woman in the witness box continues .

The two schoolgirls were raped at knife-point in a deserted Brixton garage forty-five times by a gang of youths , after attempting to return home by bus from a pop concert .
the two schoolgirls were raped at knife-point in a deserted brixton garage forty-five times by a gang of youths , after [trying] to return home by bus from a pop concert .

In attempting to meet the needs of individual pupils , it will be necessary to take into account aspects of the training of the child 's visual loss or depreciation of sight which may cause a lack of confidence in moving about .
in [trying] to meet the needs of individual pupils , it will be necessary to take into account aspects of the training of the child 's visual loss or depreciation of sight which may cause a lack of confidence in moving about .

In July 1991 six soldiers were charged in connection with the deaths of Karen Reilly and Martin Peake : one with murder , two with attempted murder , and all six with attempting to pervert the course of justice and obstructing the police investigation .
in july 1991 six soldiers were charged in connection with the deaths of karen reilly and martin peake : one with murder , two with attempted murder , and all six with [trying] to pervert the course of justice and obstructing the police investigation .

In July and August 1992 , scores of villagers were reportedly killed in the al-'Amara marshes by government troops attempting to enforce an evacuation order .
in july and august 1992 , scores of villagers were reportedly killed in the al-'amara marshes by government troops [trying] to enforce an evacuation order .

The young dog must learn to give up items when told to do so without attempting to snap at you .
the young dog must learn to give up items when told to do so without [trying] to snap at you .

Again , apart from alerting you to the likely development of a problem here , such inspections will help to ensure that even with a painful condition , the dog will have sufficient confidence to allow you to treat it without attempting to snap or simply pulling its head away repeatedly .
again , apart from alerting you to the likely development of a problem here , such inspections will help to ensure that even with a painful condition , the dog will have sufficient confidence to allow you to treat it without [trying] to snap or simply pulling its head away repeatedly .

Thus attempting to coerce a person into doing something he or she does not want to do — i.e .
thus [trying] to coerce a person into doing something he or she does not want to do — i.e .

By the time they are three years old , young chimps are attempting it themselves , but at this age they are still very inefficient , often using tools of the wrong size .
by the time they are three years old , young chimps are [trying] it themselves , but at this age they are still very inefficient , often using tools of the wrong size .

This strange kind of polygyny has accounted for at least nine different hypotheses attempting to explain the birds ' bizarre mating system .
this strange kind of polygyny has accounted for at least nine different hypotheses [trying] to explain the birds ' bizarre mating system .

In April-May 1931 , when conservative forces were at their most vulnerable , the Provisional Government , conscious of lacking a clear mandate until a general election had been held , shrank from attempting a ‘ revolution by decree ’ .
in april-may 1931 , when conservative forces were at their most vulnerable , the provisional government , conscious of lacking a clear mandate until a general election had been held , shrank from [trying] a ‘ revolution by decree ’ .

During the past twenty years , however , ‘ fascism ’ has become the object of rigorous academic analysis , with the result that much effort has been expended in attempting to establish whether or not the label is appropriate in the Spanish case .
during the past twenty years , however , ‘ fascism ’ has become the object of rigorous academic analysis , with the result that much effort has been expended in [trying] to establish whether or not the label is appropriate in the spanish case .

Experience such as Lexandro had gained , or thought he had gained , in the nerve-glove … He himself spent hours in the chapel reserved for cadets , praying to the image of Rogal Dorn , and to the Emperor , attempting to recapture the moment when he had flown through fire , sure that this would stand him in good stead in battle .
experience such as lexandro had gained , or thought he had gained , in the nerve-glove … he himself spent hours in the chapel reserved for cadets , praying to the image of rogal dorn , and to the emperor , [trying] to recapture the moment when he had flown through fire , sure that this would stand him in good stead in battle .

As the Scouts approached the amputee , he was attempting to rock the weight of the cauldron .
as the scouts approached the amputee , he was [trying] to rock the weight of the cauldron .

All these issues can , however , be satisfactorily resolved with tact and consultation , and overall , it is usually better to be patient and to move slowly , gradually involving reluctant or sceptical professionals and attempting to meet their anxieties , than to go it alone .
all these issues can , however , be satisfactorily resolved with tact and consultation , and overall , it is usually better to be patient and to move slowly , gradually involving reluctant or sceptical professionals and [trying] to meet their anxieties , than to go it alone .

The pursuit of happiness through developing rewarding emotional ties with other people is something most of us spend a good deal of our lives attempting .
the pursuit of happiness through developing rewarding emotional ties with other people is something most of us spend a good deal of our lives [trying] .

Where the vendor was attempting to define quality , a common restriction included in conveyances earlier in this century was that houses must cost not less than , say , £1000 .
where the vendor was [trying] to define quality , a common restriction included in conveyances earlier in this century was that houses must cost not less than , say , £1000 .

This is a positive horizontal externality created by one retailer on others ; in attempting to gain a greater margin for itself , it drives some custom away .
this is a positive horizontal externality created by one retailer on others ; in [trying] to gain a greater margin for itself , it drives some custom away .

He knew that Sheldukher would not hesitate to carry out his threat , and also that he was far too intelligent to risk attempting to deceive him as he had Fakrid .
he knew that sheldukher would not hesitate to carry out his threat , and also that he was far too intelligent to risk [trying] to deceive him as he had fakrid .

It 's no good looking at the cigars available and attempting to choose one on the basis of certain criteria .
it 's no good looking at the cigars available and [trying] to choose one on the basis of certain criteria .

Attempting to crank the last iota of abandonment out of an intrinsically empty and mechanical experience .
[trying] to crank the last iota of abandonment out of an intrinsically empty and mechanical experience .

Attempting to analyse verb-initial languages such as Arabic in terms of Halliday 's model highlights the fact that , for some languages , this type of analysis may not be as workable as it is in English .
[trying] to analyse verb-initial languages such as arabic in terms of halliday 's model highlights the fact that , for some languages , this type of analysis may not be as workable as it is in english .

Rewording the message as ‘ What we are attempting to draw in this book is a general picture , not … ’ could have preserved the given/new status of the relevant elements , although their order would have changed .
rewording the message as ‘ what we are [trying] to draw in this book is a general picture , not … ’ could have preserved the given/new status of the relevant elements , although their order would have changed .

This pseudo-cleft structure would signal that the first part ‘ we are attempting to draw something in this book ’ is given and the second part ‘ this something is a general picture ’ is new .
this pseudo-cleft structure would signal that the first part ‘ we are [trying] to draw something in this book ’ is given and the second part ‘ this something is a general picture ’ is new .

But Knowles 's criticisms of Labov 's methods lose much of their cogency if we remember that Labov was not attempting to provide an accurate , detailed and variation-sensitive description of an urban dialect .
but knowles 's criticisms of labov 's methods lose much of their cogency if we remember that labov was not [trying] to provide an accurate , detailed and variation-sensitive description of an urban dialect .

Like Romaine 's Edinburgh research , the Belfast projects worked within Labov 's general theoretical paradigm , attempting to tackle difficulties as they emerged .
like romaine 's edinburgh research , the belfast projects worked within labov 's general theoretical paradigm , [trying] to tackle difficulties as they emerged .

As well as attempting to distinguish CSPs from a more general type of phonological variable ( such as that found in Durham in the long and short /a/ classes ) , Kerswill examines a certain type of lexical variable , exemplified by parts of two competing pronoun systems found in Durham City ( table 6.11 ) .
as well as [trying] to distinguish csps from a more general type of phonological variable ( such as that found in durham in the long and short /a/ classes ) , kerswill examines a certain type of lexical variable , exemplified by parts of two competing pronoun systems found in durham city ( table 6.11 ) .

As Lavandera ( 1978b ) has remarked , one paradoxical consequence of the ‘ sea-change ’ in the concept of the sociolinguistic variable evident in the Weiner and Labov paper is that the authors seem to be attempting to argue for a function of variation almost converse to that which emerged from Labov 's earlier work .
as lavandera ( 1978b ) has remarked , one paradoxical consequence of the ‘ sea-change ’ in the concept of the sociolinguistic variable evident in the weiner and labov paper is that the authors seem to be [trying] to argue for a function of variation almost converse to that which emerged from labov 's earlier work .

The enterprise of attempting to specify exhaustively the range of possible surface variants of a variable is thus argued to be irrelevant to a satisfying and explanatory account of syntactic variation .
the enterprise of [trying] to specify exhaustively the range of possible surface variants of a variable is thus argued to be irrelevant to a satisfying and explanatory account of syntactic variation .

It is therefore prudent to examine both periods in turn before attempting to produce any general statements about rural population change .
it is therefore prudent to examine both periods in turn before [trying] to produce any general statements about rural population change .

They were of special interest to Mr Dalyell as he had been attempting to get more information from ministers about the sinking of the General Belgrano .
they were of special interest to mr dalyell as he had been [trying] to get more information from ministers about the sinking of the general belgrano .

What would policy attempting to equalise access be like ?
what would policy [trying] to equalise access be like ?

The task , then , of any government attempting to reduce inequalities in the geographical distribution of services is very difficult .
the task , then , of any government [trying] to reduce inequalities in the geographical distribution of services is very difficult .

The various studies attempting to measure the link between education and economic development can be divided into two groups : the statistical correlation studies and the production function studies .
the various studies [trying] to measure the link between education and economic development can be divided into two groups : the statistical correlation studies and the production function studies .

We are not concerned here with the various theories attempting to identify the causes of strike activity .
we are not concerned here with the various theories [trying] to identify the causes of strike activity .

Attempts to test the state subsidy theory of strikes have been of two kinds : studies attempting to show the correlation , if any , between levels of benefits and strike activity over the years ; and studies exploring the views of strikers in relation to benefits and strike activity .
attempts to test the state subsidy theory of strikes have been of two kinds : studies [trying] to show the correlation , if any , between levels of benefits and strike activity over the years ; and studies exploring the views of strikers in relation to benefits and strike activity .

Loaded as it was with connotations of the body and pleasure — analogous to homosexuals in the United Kingdom , cast as out-groups , as bogeymen by the dominant culture , but attempting to fashion their own , necessarily coded , meanings rock ' n ' roll was at first tolerated , because of its economic attractiveness , and then actively suppressed .
loaded as it was with connotations of the body and pleasure — analogous to homosexuals in the united kingdom , cast as out-groups , as bogeymen by the dominant culture , but [trying] to fashion their own , necessarily coded , meanings rock ' n ' roll was at first tolerated , because of its economic attractiveness , and then actively suppressed .

These artists clearly stand close to the Pioneers and are attempting to adapt black-figure to the new movement , with some success : crowded compositions , figures overlapping each other or the borders or cut off by them , vigorous drawing with rather slap dash incision ; but the elaborate fore shortenings and musculature are not much attempted and do not come off very well .
these artists clearly stand close to the pioneers and are [trying] to adapt black-figure to the new movement , with some success : crowded compositions , figures overlapping each other or the borders or cut off by them , vigorous drawing with rather slap dash incision ; but the elaborate fore shortenings and musculature are not much attempted and do not come off very well .

These pressures are much greater among the young who are attempting to find their own accommodation for the first time .
these pressures are much greater among the young who are [trying] to find their own accommodation for the first time .

Another important area of research is attempting to uncover female poverty that is hidden within households ( Brannen and Wilson , 1987 ) .
another important area of research is [trying] to uncover female poverty that is hidden within households ( brannen and wilson , 1987 ) .

As we distinguish this specific character of cultural production we should hesitate before attempting sociological analysis of modern cultural corporations , which in other respects resemble contemporary large-scale manufacturing and administrative organizations .
as we distinguish this specific character of cultural production we should hesitate before [trying] sociological analysis of modern cultural corporations , which in other respects resemble contemporary large-scale manufacturing and administrative organizations .

Yet the emphasis he is attempting does not then seem irrelevant .
yet the emphasis he is [trying] does not then seem irrelevant .

One pitched out , hitting the ground with a sickening thud ; Erin yelled , trying to hold on , but she fell too , attempting to roll , but she could n't make it to her feet with one shin-bone staring whitely at her through her pant-leg .
one pitched out , hitting the ground with a sickening thud ; erin yelled , trying to hold on , but she fell too , [trying] to roll , but she could n't make it to her feet with one shin-bone staring whitely at her through her pant-leg .

While there are numerous conceptual models relating both to ageing and to disability , the problem lies in attempting to link the two together .
while there are numerous conceptual models relating both to ageing and to disability , the problem lies in [trying] to link the two together .

This brief survey reveals some of the difficulties of establishing that shareholders are morally entitled to control companies by virtue of their legal property rights , and hence of attempting to legitimate corporate power by reference to those rights .
this brief survey reveals some of the difficulties of establishing that shareholders are morally entitled to control companies by virtue of their legal property rights , and hence of [trying] to legitimate corporate power by reference to those rights .

There is , however , no shortage of studies attempting to assess the impact of weak owner control on company performance .
there is , however , no shortage of studies [trying] to assess the impact of weak owner control on company performance .

She struggled to look over her shoulder at him , but her arms were tied too tightly for that so she lifted her shoulders and thrust her chin up , like someone attempting a headstand .
she struggled to look over her shoulder at him , but her arms were tied too tightly for that so she lifted her shoulders and thrust her chin up , like someone [trying] a headstand .

He put his head out of the window and tried to clam himself by attempting to identify the night sounds .
he put his head out of the window and tried to clam himself by [trying] to identify the night sounds .

In this case it was a jury of 12 which , by its verdict , appeared to be commenting on the legitimacy of governmental action in attempting to mislead the Foreign Affairs Select Committee about the circumstances surrounding the sinking of the General Belgrano , an Argentinian warship , during the Falklands Campaign in 1982 .
in this case it was a jury of 12 which , by its verdict , appeared to be commenting on the legitimacy of governmental action in [trying] to mislead the foreign affairs select committee about the circumstances surrounding the sinking of the general belgrano , an argentinian warship , during the falklands campaign in 1982 .

Many radical feminists see little point in attempting to change the education system because women are trapped in a vicious circle in which men keep changing the rules if women show any sign of becoming as successful as them .
many radical feminists see little point in [trying] to change the education system because women are trapped in a vicious circle in which men keep changing the rules if women show any sign of becoming as successful as them .

One objection that is bound to be raised by those who are conditioned to defending the status quo is to point to the current labour market and the difficulties being experienced by young people attempting to find work .
one objection that is bound to be raised by those who are conditioned to defending the status quo is to point to the current labour market and the difficulties being experienced by young people [trying] to find work .

As far as politics is concerned , it is possible to look at those who are deliberately attempting to construct their own ideological cameras .
as far as politics is concerned , it is possible to look at those who are deliberately [trying] to construct their own ideological cameras .

The Young Conservatives were not attempting to create or preserve , a distinct ideological view , nor were they battling with the ideas of ordinary common sense .
the young conservatives were not [trying] to create or preserve , a distinct ideological view , nor were they battling with the ideas of ordinary common sense .

The ‘ pro-Palestinian ’ faction has been suggesting that the National Front abandon the pretence of attempting to build a mass party .
the ‘ pro-palestinian ’ faction has been suggesting that the national front abandon the pretence of [trying] to build a mass party .

Either way , the prejudiced persons are attempting to justify their position by adopting either a theoretical or empirical perspective .
either way , the prejudiced persons are [trying] to justify their position by adopting either a theoretical or empirical perspective .

Therefore , it hardly seems sensible to adopt , whilst attempting to elaborate theoretical issues , a removed philosophical stance , which ignores the very issues that theory should be addressing .
therefore , it hardly seems sensible to adopt , whilst [trying] to elaborate theoretical issues , a removed philosophical stance , which ignores the very issues that theory should be addressing .

Each stage is characterized by a simultaneous increase in abstraction and particularization , which are held in tension with one another , and each is taken to present greater difficulties for the subject attempting to resolve these into its own development .
each stage is characterized by a simultaneous increase in abstraction and particularization , which are held in tension with one another , and each is taken to present greater difficulties for the subject [trying] to resolve these into its own development .

In a more limited sense , Piaget , like Hegel , is attempting to transform Kantian ontology into a dialectical movement .
in a more limited sense , piaget , like hegel , is [trying] to transform kantian ontology into a dialectical movement .

The manipulation of this internal world may provide a safe basis for trying out combinations and ideas prior to , and sometimes instead of , attempting them in the real world .
the manipulation of this internal world may provide a safe basis for trying out combinations and ideas prior to , and sometimes instead of , [trying] them in the real world .

Colquhoun ( 1981 : 130 ) is also concerned to expose the limitations of semiotic studies of objects based on Saussure , but in this case mainly with respect to their synchronicity , attempting to characterize several differences of objects from language in the way in which architectural styles change .
colquhoun ( 1981 : 130 ) is also concerned to expose the limitations of semiotic studies of objects based on saussure , but in this case mainly with respect to their synchronicity , [trying] to characterize several differences of objects from language in the way in which architectural styles change .

Imagine for a moment attempting to describe in detail the difference in shape between a milk bottle and a sherry bottle , or the taste of cod as against haddock , or the design of some wallpaper .
imagine for a moment [trying] to describe in detail the difference in shape between a milk bottle and a sherry bottle , or the taste of cod as against haddock , or the design of some wallpaper .

One anthropologist who has been noted for attempting to retain a balance between objectivist and subjectivist analysis is Pierre Bourdieu .
one anthropologist who has been noted for [trying] to retain a balance between objectivist and subjectivist analysis is pierre bourdieu .

Similar considerations would also be required when attempting to consider the competing demands for investment between government departments , such as between state education and the National Health Service or between public sector housing and defence .
similar considerations would also be required when [trying] to consider the competing demands for investment between government departments , such as between state education and the national health service or between public sector housing and defence .

There was no point in attempting to educate Mme Guérigny .
there was no point in [trying] to educate mme guérigny .

In attempting to deal with the observable and measurable aspects of leadership behaviour , and perhaps to simplify for normative purposes , leadership research has focused on a narrow set of styles — democratic , autocratic , and laissez-faire , for example .
in [trying] to deal with the observable and measurable aspects of leadership behaviour , and perhaps to simplify for normative purposes , leadership research has focused on a narrow set of styles — democratic , autocratic , and laissez-faire , for example .

Again , in attempting to dissect a living phenomenon , the skeleton may be revealed while the specimen dies .
again , in [trying] to dissect a living phenomenon , the skeleton may be revealed while the specimen dies .

Baker and Butlin ( 1973 , p. 619 ) concluded from their major edited survey of those field systems that ‘ As the number of local studies has increased , so to some extent has the difficulty of attempting generalizations and it becomes increasingly clear that no single interpretation will exactly fit all the known facts ’ .
baker and butlin ( 1973 , p. 619 ) concluded from their major edited survey of those field systems that ‘ as the number of local studies has increased , so to some extent has the difficulty of [trying] generalizations and it becomes increasingly clear that no single interpretation will exactly fit all the known facts ’ .

( Jones and Kodras , 1986 , p. 52 , suggest a more economic interpretation , involving the white population attempting ‘ to preserve a low-wage labor-force for agriculture and labor-intensive industries by , among other things , ensuring that welfare programs present no viable alternative to labor in the fields or factories ’ . )
( jones and kodras , 1986 , p. 52 , suggest a more economic interpretation , involving the white population [trying] ‘ to preserve a low-wage labor-force for agriculture and labor-intensive industries by , among other things , ensuring that welfare programs present no viable alternative to labor in the fields or factories ’ . )

’ Some of the older staff have reacted by attempting to do the job much as they have always done it , which means , in effect , engaging in various minor acts of deviance from new bureaucratic demands in order to minimize the trouble caused .
’ some of the older staff have reacted by [trying] to do the job much as they have always done it , which means , in effect , engaging in various minor acts of deviance from new bureaucratic demands in order to minimize the trouble caused .

But in attempting to decide whether the deviance in either case is grammatical or semantic , we are not wholly dependent on unaided intuition : reasoned arguments can be deployed .
but in [trying] to decide whether the deviance in either case is grammatical or semantic , we are not wholly dependent on unaided intuition : reasoned arguments can be deployed .

What seems indisputable , however , is that there are good grounds for attempting a separation of meaning and grammar .
what seems indisputable , however , is that there are good grounds for [trying] a separation of meaning and grammar .

— rushing around attempting to resolve themselves .
— rushing around [trying] to resolve themselves .

As a final comment it is worth attempting to put the accountability debate in some perspective .
as a final comment it is worth [trying] to put the accountability debate in some perspective .

Other writers are less hesitant about attempting to describe what a fully developed professional is like .
other writers are less hesitant about [trying] to describe what a fully developed professional is like .

Yet he was probably correct in attempting to explain some of the complexities of roads in England by using one sheet of the ordnance Survey 1-inch map series .
yet he was probably correct in [trying] to explain some of the complexities of roads in england by using one sheet of the ordnance survey 1-inch map series .

It would be attempting the impossible to write about all the varieties of roads there are in England in the space of a few pages : such a wide-ranging discussion would be full of familiar generalisations and would make very dull reading .
it would be [trying] the impossible to write about all the varieties of roads there are in england in the space of a few pages : such a wide-ranging discussion would be full of familiar generalisations and would make very dull reading .

Among other things , this opens up the multiculturalists and antiracists to the very charge of propaganda and indoctrination which they level at the textbooks , authors and teachers they are attempting to challenge .
among other things , this opens up the multiculturalists and antiracists to the very charge of propaganda and indoctrination which they level at the textbooks , authors and teachers they are [trying] to challenge .

Strikes broke out accompanied by bribery and intimidation of blacklegs and the employers combined to resist the `` encroachments of the seamen `` , attempting to establish an employer dominated union at North Shields .
strikes broke out accompanied by bribery and intimidation of blacklegs and the employers combined to resist the `` encroachments of the seamen `` , [trying] to establish an employer dominated union at north shields .

Present at the Bride Street meeting were Wilson , Tom Mann , Ben Tillett and Charles Lindley , a former sailor out of Sunderland and familiar of Havelock Wilson and his family who was at that time attempting to organise seamen in Sweden .
present at the bride street meeting were wilson , tom mann , ben tillett and charles lindley , a former sailor out of sunderland and familiar of havelock wilson and his family who was at that time [trying] to organise seamen in sweden .

It is therefore sensible to compensate for this increased entity description by attempting to rationalize what entities need to be communicated between workstations and company sites .
it is therefore sensible to compensate for this increased entity description by [trying] to rationalize what entities need to be communicated between workstations and company sites .

One might hardly suspect that so simple a task for so few seconds of film could prove so practically trying and , on reflection , so symbolic of our whole chain of adventures , attempting to keep aloft and alive a consecutive string of luminous mirrors against rather ridiculous odds .
one might hardly suspect that so simple a task for so few seconds of film could prove so practically trying and , on reflection , so symbolic of our whole chain of adventures , [trying] to keep aloft and alive a consecutive string of luminous mirrors against rather ridiculous odds .

This was tremendously exciting news for us , but it also confronted us with the dilemma of attempting to make two films with a budget and film stock barely sufficient for one .
this was tremendously exciting news for us , but it also confronted us with the dilemma of [trying] to make two films with a budget and film stock barely sufficient for one .

Everything below , we were sure , was exactly as it would have appeared in centuries past-apart from one major anachronism , a bright yellow construction crane , which was attempting to plant the last monolith in the stone circle .
everything below , we were sure , was exactly as it would have appeared in centuries past-apart from one major anachronism , a bright yellow construction crane , which was [trying] to plant the last monolith in the stone circle .

By the time we caught up with the three men at the top of the ladder , they were attempting to heave the coffin into its grotto with a series of hefty swings which caused a wave-motion to be generated in the ladder , very nearly sending us all to the ground sixty feet below .
by the time we caught up with the three men at the top of the ladder , they were [trying] to heave the coffin into its grotto with a series of hefty swings which caused a wave-motion to be generated in the ladder , very nearly sending us all to the ground sixty feet below .

Here we saw our first knife-fight which was clearly to the death — and Abu hustled us away from the milling throng which surrounded the two furious young combatants who rolled around like snakes in the dust attempting to stab each other with their `` badiks `` , the seaman 's dagger which few of the locals went without .
here we saw our first knife-fight which was clearly to the death — and abu hustled us away from the milling throng which surrounded the two furious young combatants who rolled around like snakes in the dust [trying] to stab each other with their `` badiks `` , the seaman 's dagger which few of the locals went without .

Since there was no question of us being able to invest in a cargo ourselves , let alone afford to charter the empty vessel , our only solution lay in returning to Makassar and attempting to persuade our Chinese friends to raise the merchandise themselves and to send us along as its stewards and guardians .
since there was no question of us being able to invest in a cargo ourselves , let alone afford to charter the empty vessel , our only solution lay in returning to makassar and [trying] to persuade our chinese friends to raise the merchandise themselves and to send us along as its stewards and guardians .

If insects judged their speed solely on the basis of the speed of the air moving past , they would remain stationary when attempting to fly into the wind .
if insects judged their speed solely on the basis of the speed of the air moving past , they would remain stationary when [trying] to fly into the wind .

Hamsters will try to mate with anything smeared with this scent , while the gorilla always sniffs the female 's vagina before attempting to mate .
hamsters will try to mate with anything smeared with this scent , while the gorilla always sniffs the female 's vagina before [trying] to mate .

The Yugoslavs were attempting to seize public buildings and key installations , and issuing proclamations to the effect that Carinthia , like Venezia Giulia , was part of Yugoslavia and now under Yugoslav administration .
the yugoslavs were [trying] to seize public buildings and key installations , and issuing proclamations to the effect that carinthia , like venezia giulia , was part of yugoslavia and now under yugoslav administration .

The most serious problem remaining for 5 Corps was thus that posed by the approach of the main body of Croat troops ( reported as being 200,000 in number ) , accompanied by huge numbers of Croat civilians , who were attempting to escape into Austria via Dravograd , towards the small town of Bleiburg just inside the Austrian frontier .
the most serious problem remaining for 5 corps was thus that posed by the approach of the main body of croat troops ( reported as being 200,000 in number ) , accompanied by huge numbers of croat civilians , who were [trying] to escape into austria via dravograd , towards the small town of bleiburg just inside the austrian frontier .

This might be taken to imply that the surgery had prevented one side of the brain from attempting to assume control of the mechanisms for speech output .
this might be taken to imply that the surgery had prevented one side of the brain from [trying] to assume control of the mechanisms for speech output .

For example , he may strike a match perfectly well but in attempting to light a candle he may try to light the wick with the match unlit or strike the match against the candle .
for example , he may strike a match perfectly well but in [trying] to light a candle he may try to light the wick with the match unlit or strike the match against the candle .

If the historian has been attempting to seek the truth , such work should have breadth and balance .
if the historian has been [trying] to seek the truth , such work should have breadth and balance .

Note the heavy : this is not worth attempting unless the predation pressure is ( a ) considerable and ( b ) localised .
note the heavy : this is not worth [trying] unless the predation pressure is ( a ) considerable and ( b ) localised .

Attempting to run down RoboCop in a disused factory , Emil is immersed in toxic waste and emerges with his flesh dripping off .
[trying] to run down robocop in a disused factory , emil is immersed in toxic waste and emerges with his flesh dripping off .

It had taken some labour to restore : a gang of builders had spent months ripping down hardboard partitions , taking out gas meters , attempting to rescue old parquet flooring , refitting windows , stripping paint from tiles .
it had taken some labour to restore : a gang of builders had spent months ripping down hardboard partitions , taking out gas meters , [trying] to rescue old parquet flooring , refitting windows , stripping paint from tiles .

‘ Oh , do n't be ridiculous , Giles , calm down , calm down , come and have a nice Perrier water , ’ said Liz , taking his other arm , and , with Kate , attempting to lead him away from the fracas , as one would a child in a playground from its tormentor ( for Giles 's antagonist Paul Hargreaves , pale faced , dark suited , silver-grey tied , was smiling calmly with a horrible amusement at this distressing scene ) : but the desperate Giles was beyond leading , and fell back heavily as he attempted to disengage himself from his two intercessors , crashing into a large fern and some pots of bulbs and sending earth and splashes of champagne over the carpet .
‘ oh , do n't be ridiculous , giles , calm down , calm down , come and have a nice perrier water , ’ said liz , taking his other arm , and , with kate , [trying] to lead him away from the fracas , as one would a child in a playground from its tormentor ( for giles 's antagonist paul hargreaves , pale faced , dark suited , silver-grey tied , was smiling calmly with a horrible amusement at this distressing scene ) : but the desperate giles was beyond leading , and fell back heavily as he attempted to disengage himself from his two intercessors , crashing into a large fern and some pots of bulbs and sending earth and splashes of champagne over the carpet .

We would do better to adopt a direct approach and tackle the problem at its source by attempting to reduce the risk of police mistakes in the first place .
we would do better to adopt a direct approach and tackle the problem at its source by [trying] to reduce the risk of police mistakes in the first place .

On the screen , the window cleaner begins to urinate into his loved one 's mouth , and everyone sits around , attempting to pretend that she 's enjoying the experience as much as they are .
on the screen , the window cleaner begins to urinate into his loved one 's mouth , and everyone sits around , [trying] to pretend that she 's enjoying the experience as much as they are .

attempting to articulate an impossible junction . This ,
[trying] to articulate an impossible junction . this ,

Nevertheless , in response to the persistent problems of unemployment in rural areas , the government has increasingly become involved in attempting to stimulate industry in these areas .
nevertheless , in response to the persistent problems of unemployment in rural areas , the government has increasingly become involved in [trying] to stimulate industry in these areas .

This is not strictly so , however , since if the husband takes the car for work , the remainder of the family ( which could include one or more members attempting to reach work or services themselves ) are effectively marooned until he returns ( Moseley 1979a ; Phillips 1981 ) .
this is not strictly so , however , since if the husband takes the car for work , the remainder of the family ( which could include one or more members [trying] to reach work or services themselves ) are effectively marooned until he returns ( moseley 1979a ; phillips 1981 ) .

Instead of attempting to integrate and co-ordinate internal transport services as a whole , individual boards , such as the British Railways Board , the London Transport Board and the British Docks Board , were to have as much individual responsibility as possible , especially in commercial terms .
instead of [trying] to integrate and co-ordinate internal transport services as a whole , individual boards , such as the british railways board , the london transport board and the british docks board , were to have as much individual responsibility as possible , especially in commercial terms .

Courts were generally regarded as fair , and in some cases as attempting to compensate for racial disadvantage .
courts were generally regarded as fair , and in some cases as [trying] to compensate for racial disadvantage .

In the absence of a left government , developing the objective of investment planning is primarily a matter of developing ideas , policies and strategies and attempting to win broad support for these .
in the absence of a left government , developing the objective of investment planning is primarily a matter of developing ideas , policies and strategies and [trying] to win broad support for these .

Of course the government did not ‘ challenge capitalism ’ outright in the sense , for instance , of attempting massive nationalisation under workers ' control .
of course the government did not ‘ challenge capitalism ’ outright in the sense , for instance , of [trying] massive nationalisation under workers ' control .

Heath was attempting to break with the politics of accommodation , the ‘ triangular system ’ of government/union/employer consultation which had been growing up at least since the war .
heath was [trying] to break with the politics of accommodation , the ‘ triangular system ’ of government/union/employer consultation which had been growing up at least since the war .

The overall response of the British state to this twofold crisis has to a large extent been characterized by penological pragmatism : responding to developments and attempting to manage the resources crisis ‘ with no clear or coherent philosophical or other theoretical basis ’ ( Bottoms , 1990a : 4 ) .
the overall response of the british state to this twofold crisis has to a large extent been characterized by penological pragmatism : responding to developments and [trying] to manage the resources crisis ‘ with no clear or coherent philosophical or other theoretical basis ’ ( bottoms , 1990a : 4 ) .

In the early 1990s the Court of Appeal also sought to formulate more general guidance on overall sentencing levels by attempting to ‘ talk down ’ the level of custodial sentencing for ordinary ‘ run-of-the-mill ’ offences .
in the early 1990s the court of appeal also sought to formulate more general guidance on overall sentencing levels by [trying] to ‘ talk down ’ the level of custodial sentencing for ordinary ‘ run-of-the-mill ’ offences .

With an explosion of breath Rostov straightened his forearms , attempting to gain the momentary advantage which would permit him to disengage and then to cut at his opponent 's unguarded left .
with an explosion of breath rostov straightened his forearms , [trying] to gain the momentary advantage which would permit him to disengage and then to cut at his opponent 's unguarded left .

Alexei was attempting to put two-handed pressure on his sword to break Rostov 's grip .
alexei was [trying] to put two-handed pressure on his sword to break rostov 's grip .

These cases led to profound questioning in social services departments , and in the inquiries that ensued , of the desirability of attempting to keep the family together wherever possible .
these cases led to profound questioning in social services departments , and in the inquiries that ensued , of the desirability of [trying] to keep the family together wherever possible .

In carrying out this duty , local authorities found themselves attempting to assess the numbers and needs of the disabled on a scale never before attempted .
in carrying out this duty , local authorities found themselves [trying] to assess the numbers and needs of the disabled on a scale never before attempted .

The second meant that local authorities became heavily involved in researching into the numbers of disabled and attempting to assess their needs , and the public became much more aware of the whole problem of disability .
the second meant that local authorities became heavily involved in researching into the numbers of disabled and [trying] to assess their needs , and the public became much more aware of the whole problem of disability .

But if a person with a roughly similar disability is socially isolated , or the home environment has actually precipitated or exacerbated the illness , then they will be gravely handicapped in attempting to return to normal life after a period in hospital .
but if a person with a roughly similar disability is socially isolated , or the home environment has actually precipitated or exacerbated the illness , then they will be gravely handicapped in [trying] to return to normal life after a period in hospital .

Finally , a good deal of inquiry is made at a local level by local authorities or local voluntary bodies attempting to assess a particular problem in the immediate area .
finally , a good deal of inquiry is made at a local level by local authorities or local voluntary bodies [trying] to assess a particular problem in the immediate area .

Before even attempting to write your speech , take stock of the information you have to hand and see where the gaps occur .
before even [trying] to write your speech , take stock of the information you have to hand and see where the gaps occur .

The main practical implication of this theoretical position is that social policy is the primary focus of attention in explaining poverty in old age and in attempting to overcome it .
the main practical implication of this theoretical position is that social policy is the primary focus of attention in explaining poverty in old age and in [trying] to overcome it .

Caution is needed when attempting to interpret cross national data on psychiatric hospitals because of many confounding factors , demographic and geographical , as well as the pattern and availability of alternative services .
caution is needed when [trying] to interpret cross national data on psychiatric hospitals because of many confounding factors , demographic and geographical , as well as the pattern and availability of alternative services .

Though our results need replication , this suggests that our results may be applicable to women attempting to conceive naturally .
though our results need replication , this suggests that our results may be applicable to women [trying] to conceive naturally .

During the course of the project Carers Impact will also be distilling the lessons learned from the locality work and attempting to identify good practice .
during the course of the project carers impact will also be distilling the lessons learned from the locality work and [trying] to identify good practice .

Attempting to block the expression of c -fos is extraordinarily difficult .
[trying] to block the expression of c -fos is extraordinarily difficult .

c Models In social work day centres there is generally a policy of excluding behaviourally disturbed or severely disabled dementia sufferers , but of attempting complete integration of attenders .
c models in social work day centres there is generally a policy of excluding behaviourally disturbed or severely disabled dementia sufferers , but of [trying] complete integration of attenders .

Teams attempting to develop the service infrastructure undoubtedly try to liaise with and support voluntary groups , as the Nottinghamshire experience shows .
teams [trying] to develop the service infrastructure undoubtedly try to liaise with and support voluntary groups , as the nottinghamshire experience shows .

Between 1928 and 1939 Nizan was to experience the bitter reality of communist party membership , the ever-present difficulty of reconciling intellectually coherent and genuinely held beliefs with the tactical manoeuvring and politically expedient policies of a party attempting to survive the twists and turns of history in a highly unpredictable socio-political climate .
between 1928 and 1939 nizan was to experience the bitter reality of communist party membership , the ever-present difficulty of reconciling intellectually coherent and genuinely held beliefs with the tactical manoeuvring and politically expedient policies of a party [trying] to survive the twists and turns of history in a highly unpredictable socio-political climate .

Between the announcement on 26 August of a government ban on L'Humanite and Ce Soir , and the annoucement of his own resignation on 25 September , he spent four weeks wrestling with his conscience and attempting to understand the full implications of what had happened .
between the announcement on 26 august of a government ban on l'humanite and ce soir , and the annoucement of his own resignation on 25 september , he spent four weeks wrestling with his conscience and [trying] to understand the full implications of what had happened .

In each novel the specific configuration of the two discourses , authoritative communist on the one hand , disorientating existential on the other , is the product of two overriding influences : first , the economic , political , ideological and cultural forces that together produced each particular text ; secondly , and this is but a super-structural reflection of the first point , Nizan 's divided ambitions as a novelist , attempting at one level to exploit bourgeois culture in order to disseminate communist ideology effectively ( the communist project ) , and at another level to create a cultural product of value beyond its immediate moment of production ( the bourgeois project ) .
in each novel the specific configuration of the two discourses , authoritative communist on the one hand , disorientating existential on the other , is the product of two overriding influences : first , the economic , political , ideological and cultural forces that together produced each particular text ; secondly , and this is but a super-structural reflection of the first point , nizan 's divided ambitions as a novelist , [trying] at one level to exploit bourgeois culture in order to disseminate communist ideology effectively ( the communist project ) , and at another level to create a cultural product of value beyond its immediate moment of production ( the bourgeois project ) .

While difficult to prove , the development of such hypotheses at least indicates that researchers are attempting to justify reliance on the thrifty genotype to explain variation in non-insulin dependent diabetes frequency .
while difficult to prove , the development of such hypotheses at least indicates that researchers are [trying] to justify reliance on the thrifty genotype to explain variation in non-insulin dependent diabetes frequency .

Among the few papers in his possession at the time of his death were some manuscript notes in which he was evidently attempting to develop his earlier skit , ‘ The Hopkin Syndicate ’ .
among the few papers in his possession at the time of his death were some manuscript notes in which he was evidently [trying] to develop his earlier skit , ‘ the hopkin syndicate ’ .

Difficulty arose when Pecham in attempting to enforce reforming measures required sheriffs and others to act against the king 's own servants and clerks , but it should be remembered that , overwhelmingly , cooperation characterized this procedure in Edward 's reign .
difficulty arose when pecham in [trying] to enforce reforming measures required sheriffs and others to act against the king 's own servants and clerks , but it should be remembered that , overwhelmingly , cooperation characterized this procedure in edward 's reign .

The pope had been more effective , conniving with the king to thwart the opposition , lay and clerical , though vainly attempting in 1312 to reconcile the antagonists .
the pope had been more effective , conniving with the king to thwart the opposition , lay and clerical , though vainly [trying] in 1312 to reconcile the antagonists .

Nozick needs this conclusion to generate the sceptical problem that he is attempting to dissolve .
nozick needs this conclusion to generate the sceptical problem that he is [trying] to dissolve .

Speech act theory , by attempting to single out the pieces of shared knowledge which enable us to interpret the function of what is said , also assumes that we can distinguish which factors in the situation are relevant , but again it does nothing to explain how we distinguish the relevant from the irrelevant .
speech act theory , by [trying] to single out the pieces of shared knowledge which enable us to interpret the function of what is said , also assumes that we can distinguish which factors in the situation are relevant , but again it does nothing to explain how we distinguish the relevant from the irrelevant .

Crystal ( 1980 ) also presents some of the problems encountered in attempting to analyse spontaneous speech in terms of categories like sentence and clause
crystal ( 1980 ) also presents some of the problems encountered in [trying] to analyse spontaneous speech in terms of categories like sentence and clause

That is , attempting to provide an account of what a person is talking about is always built on an assumption that we know why that person says what he says .
that is , [trying] to provide an account of what a person is talking about is always built on an assumption that we know why that person says what he says .

If ‘ mentioned-in-the-text ’ is taken as the basis for selection of discourse subjects , it should be noted that the analyst is , in fact , attempting to reconstitute the presupposition pool which the participants must have had prior to the discourse fragment being analysed .
if ‘ mentioned-in-the-text ’ is taken as the basis for selection of discourse subjects , it should be noted that the analyst is , in fact , [trying] to reconstitute the presupposition pool which the participants must have had prior to the discourse fragment being analysed .

by Schank , 1977 : 424 ; Maynard , 1980 ) that instead of undertaking the difficult task of attempting to define ‘ what a topic is ’ , we should concentrate on describing what we recognise as topic-shift .
by schank , 1977 : 424 ; maynard , 1980 ) that instead of undertaking the difficult task of [trying] to define ‘ what a topic is ’ , we should concentrate on describing what we recognise as topic-shift .

So great is the traffic between those striving to clamber down to the sea and those who , having spawned , are attempting to get back again , that many can not reach the water .
so great is the traffic between those striving to clamber down to the sea and those who , having spawned , are [trying] to get back again , that many can not reach the water .

She saw that Defries and Johannsen were attempting the same manoeuvre .
she saw that defries and johannsen were [trying] the same manoeuvre .

‘ Try to tell me again , Lacuna , ’ she asked , attempting to divert attention from the battle on the planet ‘ What exactly is Pool ?
‘ try to tell me again , lacuna , ’ she asked , [trying] to divert attention from the battle on the planet ‘ what exactly is pool ?

The hoverspeeder , its motors still idling , was attempting to wedge itself into the hole in the wall which Daak must have made with the vehicle 's front thrusters .
the hoverspeeder , its motors still idling , was [trying] to wedge itself into the hole in the wall which daak must have made with the vehicle 's front thrusters .

Only the vast numbers of the black-robed machines had prevented Bernice attempting to escape .
only the vast numbers of the black-robed machines had prevented bernice [trying] to escape .

Murder on Ward Four by Nick Davies ( Chatto , May , £9.99 ) is an account of the case of Bev Allitt , a nurse accused of murdering four children in her care and attempting to murder eight others ; there are also books about her from Virgin and O'Mara .
murder on ward four by nick davies ( chatto , may , £9.99 ) is an account of the case of bev allitt , a nurse accused of murdering four children in her care and [trying] to murder eight others ; there are also books about her from virgin and o'mara .

Attempting to keep the semblance of peace , of ordinariness , he had , he now realized , sacrificed Katherine .
[trying] to keep the semblance of peace , of ordinariness , he had , he now realized , sacrificed katherine .

Babs Osborne , huddled on the telephone in the door-keeper 's cubicle , was attempting , yet again , to get through to Stanislaus .
babs osborne , huddled on the telephone in the door-keeper 's cubicle , was [trying] , yet again , to get through to stanislaus .

Attempting to bring what Meredith would call a philosophical approach to her predicament , she pondered on the differences in men 's and women 's clothing .
[trying] to bring what meredith would call a philosophical approach to her predicament , she pondered on the differences in men 's and women 's clothing .

Branson , who had been attempting to play the role of diplomat with the police , was not arrested .
branson , who had been [trying] to play the role of diplomat with the police , was not arrested .

’ While McLaren was in Hollywood attempting to raise money for his film , Branson and John Varnom took Lydon to lunch and , over pork kebabs , persuaded him to appear on Top of the Pops to promote the single ‘ Pretty Vacant ’ .
’ while mclaren was in hollywood [trying] to raise money for his film , branson and john varnom took lydon to lunch and , over pork kebabs , persuaded him to appear on top of the pops to promote the single ‘ pretty vacant ’ .

Branson , he argued , was attempting to expand at a faster rate than the resources of the company allowed .
branson , he argued , was [trying] to expand at a faster rate than the resources of the company allowed .

Powell had no argument with the principle of starting a magazine , or even over the amount of money it would cost , but he felt that Branson was treading on sensitive political ground in attempting to take advantage of somebody else 's industrial dispute .
powell had no argument with the principle of starting a magazine , or even over the amount of money it would cost , but he felt that branson was treading on sensitive political ground in [trying] to take advantage of somebody else 's industrial dispute .

Ever since the departure of Nik Powell , it had fallen to Simon Draper and Ken Berry to perform the function of attempting , where necessary , to temper Richard Branson 's more fanciful , grandiose and outlandish schemes .
ever since the departure of nik powell , it had fallen to simon draper and ken berry to perform the function of [trying] , where necessary , to temper richard branson 's more fanciful , grandiose and outlandish schemes .

‘ In attempting to solve this problem , it is of the utmost importance to define the precise nature of the duty involved in the tort of negligence in such a case .
‘ in [trying] to solve this problem , it is of the utmost importance to define the precise nature of the duty involved in the tort of negligence in such a case .

‘ The difficulty , if not danger … of attempting to state the conditions which must be fulfilled before a given kind of conduct or of unfairness amounts to an invalidating cause is greatly increased by the introduction of the consideration that the equity must be such as ought to prevail against the claims of the creditor as a possibly innocent third party .
‘ the difficulty , if not danger … of [trying] to state the conditions which must be fulfilled before a given kind of conduct or of unfairness amounts to an invalidating cause is greatly increased by the introduction of the consideration that the equity must be such as ought to prevail against the claims of the creditor as a possibly innocent third party .

However , while he was still attempting to give his advice to Mrs. Aboody , her husband had burst into the room uninvited and in a high state of excitement .
however , while he was still [trying] to give his advice to mrs. aboody , her husband had burst into the room uninvited and in a high state of excitement .

Several of the smaller companies were attempting to launch production yachts which , they hoped , would blossom into strong one-design classes .
several of the smaller companies were [trying] to launch production yachts which , they hoped , would blossom into strong one-design classes .

The coup de grace for this unrealistic man of reason attempting to rationalize came on 11 February .
the coup de grace for this unrealistic man of reason [trying] to rationalize came on 11 february .

Impelled to explore her feelings of rejection by her family , she re-invented her mother , dressing up as a war worker , preparing austerity food , attempting to discover her own sense of rage and impotence as the unwanted and unloved daughter .
impelled to explore her feelings of rejection by her family , she re-invented her mother , dressing up as a war worker , preparing austerity food , [trying] to discover her own sense of rage and impotence as the unwanted and unloved daughter .

But it does mean that cross-addiction is a factor that may possibly be of some influence in all of this and that it is a factor that may need to be taken into consideration in the long term in attempting to improve the over all quality of recovery .
but it does mean that cross-addiction is a factor that may possibly be of some influence in all of this and that it is a factor that may need to be taken into consideration in the long term in [trying] to improve the over all quality of recovery .

However , when dealing with the primary sufferer and attempting to get him or her to seek appropriate treatment through a 12 Step programme it is best to avoid antagonising the denial system by being too direct .
however , when dealing with the primary sufferer and [trying] to get him or her to seek appropriate treatment through a 12 step programme it is best to avoid antagonising the denial system by being too direct .

In some circumstances one might seek a maximally parallel version of a program , but it is more likely that one will be attempting to optimise it for a particular configuration .
in some circumstances one might seek a maximally parallel version of a program , but it is more likely that one will be [trying] to optimise it for a particular configuration .

Many situations predispose to spatial disorientation — The main ones are : a ) Any situation involving a reduction or change in the way essential cues are available to you , eg on transition from visual to instrument flight or attempting to fly visually when what you can see is inadequate as in poor light , haze or high altitude .
many situations predispose to spatial disorientation — the main ones are : a ) any situation involving a reduction or change in the way essential cues are available to you , eg on transition from visual to instrument flight or [trying] to fly visually when what you can see is inadequate as in poor light , haze or high altitude .

Trying to get them not to go on with all this looking and looking , seeing and seeing … `` Here Auntie paused , again attempting to sort out some ideas .
trying to get them not to go on with all this looking and looking , seeing and seeing … `` here auntie paused , again [trying] to sort out some ideas .

We are attempting to survive our time so we may live into yours .
we are [trying] to survive our time so we may live into yours .

Soldiers in the Australian Army are facing a new and unexpected enemy — the silence of the country 's desert regions . Army psychologists are attempting to curb fear among troops , used to life in the cities along Australia 's eastern seaboard , of the vast , still space they encounter during operations in the Outback
soldiers in the australian army are facing a new and unexpected enemy — the silence of the country 's desert regions . army psychologists are [trying] to curb fear among troops , used to life in the cities along australia 's eastern seaboard , of the vast , still space they encounter during operations in the outback

As one of the growing number of management consultants here in Australia attempting to show that business can be both profitable and have an ethical approach , it is heartening to see that at least some directors think we need a profound change in how we work .
as one of the growing number of management consultants here in australia [trying] to show that business can be both profitable and have an ethical approach , it is heartening to see that at least some directors think we need a profound change in how we work .

’ Attempting a landing would be unwise , Del , ’ Posi 's calm voice replied . ’ The preceptors have become even more unreliable , and could go off-phase … ’
’ [trying] a landing would be unwise , del , ’ posi 's calm voice replied . ’ the preceptors have become even more unreliable , and could go off-phase … ’

He finds no real evidence of any government attempting to hold down the rate of inflation in the short run in order to promote its own popularity at election time .
he finds no real evidence of any government [trying] to hold down the rate of inflation in the short run in order to promote its own popularity at election time .

Social and political forecasting involves a company in attempting to predict how changes in social , ethical and political attitudes will have direct market effects on the enterprise .
social and political forecasting involves a company in [trying] to predict how changes in social , ethical and political attitudes will have direct market effects on the enterprise .

At the end of an outdoor games session Roger encouraged the pupils to risk themselves by attempting to catch a cricket ball he would throw into the air .
at the end of an outdoor games session roger encouraged the pupils to risk themselves by [trying] to catch a cricket ball he would throw into the air .

Although it would be glib to presume that the removal of a pupil from his or her usual classes is necessarily the wrong strategy , there are obvious contradictions in operating a system based on negative sanctions and the off-loading of responsibility for one group whilst attempting to accept and cater for the diversity of the rest .
although it would be glib to presume that the removal of a pupil from his or her usual classes is necessarily the wrong strategy , there are obvious contradictions in operating a system based on negative sanctions and the off-loading of responsibility for one group whilst [trying] to accept and cater for the diversity of the rest .

Informal discussions with Afro-Caribbean pupils indicated that the pupils felt that certain teachers disrespect them on the basis of their ethnicity and that for these pupils the pupil-teacher relationship was based on conflict , with the pupils attempting to play the teachers at their own ‘ game ’ in order to survive .
informal discussions with afro-caribbean pupils indicated that the pupils felt that certain teachers disrespect them on the basis of their ethnicity and that for these pupils the pupil-teacher relationship was based on conflict , with the pupils [trying] to play the teachers at their own ‘ game ’ in order to survive .

The market situation posited was similar to that described in the example of table 5.2 : a company was attempting complete market dominance through a cost-leadership strategy .
the market situation posited was similar to that described in the example of table 5.2 : a company was [trying] complete market dominance through a cost-leadership strategy .

There does , however , seem to be some merit in attempting to bring into strategic analysis the finance analyst 's tools of valuation , in order to produce a more rigorous consideration of market attractiveness , competitive strengths and the effects of movements of SBUs around the matrix .
there does , however , seem to be some merit in [trying] to bring into strategic analysis the finance analyst 's tools of valuation , in order to produce a more rigorous consideration of market attractiveness , competitive strengths and the effects of movements of sbus around the matrix .

These internal barriers must be understood as the natural consequence of attempting to combine together multi-interest groups possessing different power and influence .
these internal barriers must be understood as the natural consequence of [trying] to combine together multi-interest groups possessing different power and influence .

‘ Have you been to the office yet ? ’ she asked , attempting cool civility .
‘ have you been to the office yet ? ’ she asked , [trying] cool civility .

Working class women attempting to solve the problem of scarce resources by borrowing , pawning or taking paid employment , were condemned for either mismanaging or neglecting their home responsibilities , while under the guise of protection , efforts were made to limit their employment to ‘ suitable ’ occupations .
working class women [trying] to solve the problem of scarce resources by borrowing , pawning or taking paid employment , were condemned for either mismanaging or neglecting their home responsibilities , while under the guise of protection , efforts were made to limit their employment to ‘ suitable ’ occupations .

As well as attempting to limit the work of married women , policies to protect motherhood and enhance the welfare of children extended the direct surveillance of working class women in their homes .
as well as [trying] to limit the work of married women , policies to protect motherhood and enhance the welfare of children extended the direct surveillance of working class women in their homes .

Furthermore , the fact that the exhibition was organized to show the successive stages through which Cubism had passed indicates that the painters were attempting to make their work as comprehensible as possible to the public , and their purpose must have been further served by the demonstration of the affinities between Cubism and the more readily understandable paintings of other artists who shared only a few of their pictorial concerns .
furthermore , the fact that the exhibition was organized to show the successive stages through which cubism had passed indicates that the painters were [trying] to make their work as comprehensible as possible to the public , and their purpose must have been further served by the demonstration of the affinities between cubism and the more readily understandable paintings of other artists who shared only a few of their pictorial concerns .

An important canvas of the autumn or early winter of 1906 , Two Nudes , now in the Museum of Modern Art , New York , could equally well be seen as two studies of a single figure viewed from diametrically opposed positions , an indication that Picasso was not only attempting to produce images of almost unprecedented weight and girth , but that he was also becoming impatient or dissatisfied with the idea of viewing his subjects from a single , stationary point of view .
an important canvas of the autumn or early winter of 1906 , two nudes , now in the museum of modern art , new york , could equally well be seen as two studies of a single figure viewed from diametrically opposed positions , an indication that picasso was not only [trying] to produce images of almost unprecedented weight and girth , but that he was also becoming impatient or dissatisfied with the idea of viewing his subjects from a single , stationary point of view .

In the future , the cost-benefit strategy will gain increased favour with nations attempting to integrate pollution control with other policies such as agriculture , industry , energy , transportation , and land-use management .
in the future , the cost-benefit strategy will gain increased favour with nations [trying] to integrate pollution control with other policies such as agriculture , industry , energy , transportation , and land-use management .

The difference between the trained and the naïve rats is that the former have been electrically shocked , and therefore certainly stressed or pained , when attempting to enter the dark box .
the difference between the trained and the naïve rats is that the former have been electrically shocked , and therefore certainly stressed or pained , when [trying] to enter the dark box .

‘ Whoever , or whatever , invaded Moloch Base is now attempting a similar takeover here .
‘ whoever , or whatever , invaded moloch base is now [trying] a similar takeover here .

She was attempting to pull her reins out of Alexei 's hands .
she was [trying] to pull her reins out of alexei 's hands .

Attempting to avert poetic thought ( 'etic thought ) ,
[trying] to avert poetic thought ( 'etic thought ) ,

Later , three prisoners , including a strike leader , were shot dead ‘ while attempting to escape ’ .
later , three prisoners , including a strike leader , were shot dead ‘ while [trying] to escape ’ .

Under authority invested in the Minister for Home Affairs , the Act also provided for internment without trial , the imposition of curfews , the serving of exclusion orders against named persons , the prohibition and distribution of certain forms of literature , the banning of various associations and the death penalty for causing or attempting to cause an explosion likely to lead to injury .
under authority invested in the minister for home affairs , the act also provided for internment without trial , the imposition of curfews , the serving of exclusion orders against named persons , the prohibition and distribution of certain forms of literature , the banning of various associations and the death penalty for causing or [trying] to cause an explosion likely to lead to injury .

The sergeant felt uncomfortable , as if the millionaire was trying to possess them through his unwavering stare , attempting to inveigle them into doing his will .
the sergeant felt uncomfortable , as if the millionaire was trying to possess them through his unwavering stare , [trying] to inveigle them into doing his will .

Jane Pargeter said nothing for a moment , tugging back her cheeks in a wince that looked to Dexter as if she was attempting to suppress a smile .
jane pargeter said nothing for a moment , tugging back her cheeks in a wince that looked to dexter as if she was [trying] to suppress a smile .

probably includes a disproportionate number of transients , of lower working class people hostile to officials with clipboards attempting to ask them about their lives , and those most frightened to answer . ( Young 1988 )
probably includes a disproportionate number of transients , of lower working class people hostile to officials with clipboards [trying] to ask them about their lives , and those most frightened to answer . ( young 1988 )

On 8 January 1989 , at Kegworth , 47 people were killed when a British Midland 737 crashed while attempting an emergency landing .
on 8 january 1989 , at kegworth , 47 people were killed when a british midland 737 crashed while [trying] an emergency landing .

There are , then , considerable difficulties in attempting to ensure accountability and Leat comments that ‘ problems are likely to increase if a policy of pluralism and closer relationships between the voluntary and statutory sectors is pursued ’ .
there are , then , considerable difficulties in [trying] to ensure accountability and leat comments that ‘ problems are likely to increase if a policy of pluralism and closer relationships between the voluntary and statutory sectors is pursued ’ .

This reach has factories which smell of cellulose paint and sawdust with fans venting across the towpath and long plastic drainpipes projecting through walls and attempting to shoot their contents beyond the towpath .
this reach has factories which smell of cellulose paint and sawdust with fans venting across the towpath and long plastic drainpipes projecting through walls and [trying] to shoot their contents beyond the towpath .

His data bank should be invaluable in attempting to assess the following factors in relation to new product development activity .
his data bank should be invaluable in [trying] to assess the following factors in relation to new product development activity .

This magazine is well-known for its support of women who are attempting to balance the demands of children , job , partner and home .
this magazine is well-known for its support of women who are [trying] to balance the demands of children , job , partner and home .

We spend hours locked in the en suite , frantically attempting to confine our pubes to strict isosceles triangles .
we spend hours locked in the en suite , frantically [trying] to confine our pubes to strict isosceles triangles .

She had bought a recipe book and was attempting a rather complex casserole , involving red wine and many ingredients .
she had bought a recipe book and was [trying] a rather complex casserole , involving red wine and many ingredients .

To recognise the continuing validity of such questions can not however exempt us from attempting to construct and share in a growing body of expertise .
to recognise the continuing validity of such questions can not however exempt us from [trying] to construct and share in a growing body of expertise .

Her fingers were crooked , but she did n't seem to be attempting the begging sign .
her fingers were crooked , but she did n't seem to be [trying] the begging sign .

The police were slow to realize that there was trouble , but now they moved into the crowd , attempting to find the troublemakers .
the police were slow to realize that there was trouble , but now they moved into the crowd , [trying] to find the troublemakers .

He lay still , not wanting to break the spell , attempting to work out what was different .
he lay still , not wanting to break the spell , [trying] to work out what was different .

Now he could see a small knot of people in front of that roadblock , dressed in overcoats , caps and hats ; attempting , it seemed , to talk their way past half a dozen yellow-anoraked policemen on the other side of that barrier .
now he could see a small knot of people in front of that roadblock , dressed in overcoats , caps and hats ; [trying] , it seemed , to talk their way past half a dozen yellow-anoraked policemen on the other side of that barrier .

’ Partly in anger , partly in contempt , Jimmy turned away from him again and stared at the outside door , attempting to control his emotions .
’ partly in anger , partly in contempt , jimmy turned away from him again and stared at the outside door , [trying] to control his emotions .

Their approach was similar to Gouldner 's in attempting ‘ to see the strike through the eyes of its different groups of participants ’ ( p.18 ) .
their approach was similar to gouldner 's in [trying] ‘ to see the strike through the eyes of its different groups of participants ’ ( p.18 ) .

My last memory is of trying to mime Rare Gynaecological Disorders , preparatory to attempting Toxic Shock Syndrome .
my last memory is of trying to mime rare gynaecological disorders , preparatory to [trying] toxic shock syndrome .

Gavin had a look of concentration on his face now , as though two parts of his brain were attempting the tricky and little-practised operation of communicating with each other .
gavin had a look of concentration on his face now , as though two parts of his brain were [trying] the tricky and little-practised operation of communicating with each other .

Rory stood at Janice Rae 's side , humming something monotonous , one arm round Janice 's waist and attempting to tickle her , just above her right hip .
rory stood at janice rae 's side , humming something monotonous , one arm round janice 's waist and [trying] to tickle her , just above her right hip .

In the past , Government has interfered in industry , with disastrous results , by attempting to alter economic trends ; increasing and then curtailing expansion , increasing interest rates , taxation , credit , consumer demand and the like .
in the past , government has interfered in industry , with disastrous results , by [trying] to alter economic trends ; increasing and then curtailing expansion , increasing interest rates , taxation , credit , consumer demand and the like .

Service trades offer the opportunity to create jobs quicker because they fulfil a requirement that already exists , rather than attempting to create a market for a new product and often having to wait for factories to be built and machinery installed .
service trades offer the opportunity to create jobs quicker because they fulfil a requirement that already exists , rather than [trying] to create a market for a new product and often having to wait for factories to be built and machinery installed .

But his main preoccupation during the latter part of his life was in attempting to obtain the public recognition which he felt he had been denied .
but his main preoccupation during the latter part of his life was in [trying] to obtain the public recognition which he felt he had been denied .

His anonymous volume of pen portraits , The Whispering Gallery by an Ex-Diplomat ( 1926 ) , led to his arrest on a charge of ‘ obtaining or attempting to obtain money under false pretences ’ , but under cross-examination his engaging candour appealed to the jury which found him not guilty .
his anonymous volume of pen portraits , the whispering gallery by an ex-diplomat ( 1926 ) , led to his arrest on a charge of ‘ obtaining or [trying] to obtain money under false pretences ’ , but under cross-examination his engaging candour appealed to the jury which found him not guilty .

Attempting to leave , he was surprised by a Spanish guarda-costa , but escaped capture by making off in a sloop previously taken by the Spaniard which he and his gang seized under cover of night .
[trying] to leave , he was surprised by a spanish guarda-costa , but escaped capture by making off in a sloop previously taken by the spaniard which he and his gang seized under cover of night .

In attempting to return to Afghanistan in 1840 , he became accidentally embroiled in the Baluchistan revolt and was imprisoned by the British authorities without either charge or good reason ( described in Narrative of a Journey to Kalat , 1842 ) .
in [trying] to return to afghanistan in 1840 , he became accidentally embroiled in the baluchistan revolt and was imprisoned by the british authorities without either charge or good reason ( described in narrative of a journey to kalat , 1842 ) .

Goodricke succeeded as fifth baronet 21 July 1738 ; left with an encumbered estate , he spent some difficult years in attempting to restore the family fortune .
goodricke succeeded as fifth baronet 21 july 1738 ; left with an encumbered estate , he spent some difficult years in [trying] to restore the family fortune .

He escaped to France , but was captured after attempting another murder and confined in an asylum .
he escaped to france , but was captured after [trying] another murder and confined in an asylum .

Returning to London , and influenced by Ruskin and Octavia Hill , she went to work as a volunteer at a number of slum-housing projects around Marylebone , where her contributions ranged from carpentry to moral tutoring and advising the poor of the district on careers , and attempting to lead them away from the evils of alcohol .
returning to london , and influenced by ruskin and octavia hill , she went to work as a volunteer at a number of slum-housing projects around marylebone , where her contributions ranged from carpentry to moral tutoring and advising the poor of the district on careers , and [trying] to lead them away from the evils of alcohol .

Both Bauthumleys then were closely involved in the emergence of Nonconformity in Leicester , a process which was hastened by the action of the forces attempting to achieve its eradication .
both bauthumleys then were closely involved in the emergence of nonconformity in leicester , a process which was hastened by the action of the forces [trying] to achieve its eradication .

In later life he expanded this social interest , even attempting to enter Parliament , standing as a candidate for East Worcestershire in 1874 , but his platform , based on proposals to deal with the health problems of prostitution near garrisons and naval establishments , attracted little support .
in later life he expanded this social interest , even [trying] to enter parliament , standing as a candidate for east worcestershire in 1874 , but his platform , based on proposals to deal with the health problems of prostitution near garrisons and naval establishments , attracted little support .

Those involved are attempting to come to grips with the injustices , the inequalities and the prejudices of a political system in which the practice of representative democracy appears to have little relevance to their plight as they battle against the social and economic problems briefly outlined above .
those involved are [trying] to come to grips with the injustices , the inequalities and the prejudices of a political system in which the practice of representative democracy appears to have little relevance to their plight as they battle against the social and economic problems briefly outlined above .

to work towards a vision of a new society based on a radical analysis of existing structures and the lessons and aspirations of the men and women attempting to create new structures at local level ; to stress objectives and content in education as well as methods and process .
to work towards a vision of a new society based on a radical analysis of existing structures and the lessons and aspirations of the men and women [trying] to create new structures at local level ; to stress objectives and content in education as well as methods and process .

by compulsory disclosure of the financial position in the company 's published accounts and by attempting to ensure their accuracy through a professional audit .
by compulsory disclosure of the financial position in the company 's published accounts and by [trying] to ensure their accuracy through a professional audit .

He protested that he was attempting to unlock the door .
he protested that he was [trying] to unlock the door .

Where a policeman is surrounded by a group of youths , one of whom he is attempting to pacify or arrest , and the youth uses language such that the policeman is or feels threatened , it is submitted that an offence is committed .
where a policeman is surrounded by a group of youths , one of whom he is [trying] to pacify or arrest , and the youth uses language such that the policeman is or feels threatened , it is submitted that an offence is committed .

This means that it is open to a defendant to argue that his conduct was reasonable because he was attempting to obtain or communicate information .
this means that it is open to a defendant to argue that his conduct was reasonable because he was [trying] to obtain or communicate information .

When they exercise powers of review , the courts are not attempting to decide whether or not the original decision was right or wrong .
when they exercise powers of review , the courts are not [trying] to decide whether or not the original decision was right or wrong .

In this country , a person may use preventive force where a policeman wrongfully insists upon attempting to do that which is unlawful .
in this country , a person may use preventive force where a policeman wrongfully insists upon [trying] to do that which is unlawful .

However , as transcripts of spontaneous speech like the one above illustrate , the listener who is attempting to understand spoken language is often being confronted with something other than a string of sentences .
however , as transcripts of spontaneous speech like the one above illustrate , the listener who is [trying] to understand spoken language is often being confronted with something other than a string of sentences .

Consider the example from Funnell ( 1983 ) which we gave earlier in this chapter , of a patient with Broca 's aphasia attempting to describe the scene shown in Figure 15 .
consider the example from funnell ( 1983 ) which we gave earlier in this chapter , of a patient with broca 's aphasia [trying] to describe the scene shown in figure 15 .

Submerged oxygenating plants and floating subjects gain most of their nourishment directly from water , so attempting to feed them is time consuming and undesirable .
submerged oxygenating plants and floating subjects gain most of their nourishment directly from water , so [trying] to feed them is time consuming and undesirable .

In recent years an increasing number of states have been attempting to remove the appointment of the judges from the partisan political process and to ensure minimum standards of efficiency and ability on the part of judges .
in recent years an increasing number of states have been [trying] to remove the appointment of the judges from the partisan political process and to ensure minimum standards of efficiency and ability on the part of judges .

This was part of the policy of attempting to involve the people in minor administrative activities which was implemented after the death of Stalin .
this was part of the policy of [trying] to involve the people in minor administrative activities which was implemented after the death of stalin .

Political scientists attempting to understand and analyse the processes of change in global politics in the post-Cold War era are having to reassess the utility of conceptual frameworks developed in the past .
political scientists [trying] to understand and analyse the processes of change in global politics in the post-cold war era are having to reassess the utility of conceptual frameworks developed in the past .

In addition , the whole question of depreciation accounting is tied up with matters of capital maintenance and broader questions of what local authority accounts are attempting to do .
in addition , the whole question of depreciation accounting is tied up with matters of capital maintenance and broader questions of what local authority accounts are [trying] to do .

It is essential that you gain lots of height on the jump before attempting to snap your legs back .
it is essential that you gain lots of height on the jump before [trying] to snap your legs back .

Virtually all the Japanese martial arts use it as a means of producing extra power from within the body — just as weightlifters make great grunting and groaning noises when attempting a particularly heavy lift .
virtually all the japanese martial arts use it as a means of producing extra power from within the body — just as weightlifters make great grunting and groaning noises when [trying] a particularly heavy lift .

Taekwondo , unlike karate , stipulates that beginners must master all the basic techniques before attempting to practise the patterns .
taekwondo , unlike karate , stipulates that beginners must master all the basic techniques before [trying] to practise the patterns .

When attempting to reconstruct the past evolution of physical landscape and to establish the chronology of its stages of evolution , we are confined to ‘ windows ’ of limited and varying opacity and size ( Lewin , 1980 ) .
when [trying] to reconstruct the past evolution of physical landscape and to establish the chronology of its stages of evolution , we are confined to ‘ windows ’ of limited and varying opacity and size ( lewin , 1980 ) .

in attempting to estimate the emergence of a land mass from present altitudes of planation surfaces , their origins , base levels and most probably regional slopes must be considered ;
in [trying] to estimate the emergence of a land mass from present altitudes of planation surfaces , their origins , base levels and most probably regional slopes must be considered ;

In attempting to summarize the developments in studies of environmental processes pertinent to , and made by , physical geographers it is evident that it is extremely artificial to distinguish the contributions made by physical geographers per se from those contributed by practitioners of other disciplines .
in [trying] to summarize the developments in studies of environmental processes pertinent to , and made by , physical geographers it is evident that it is extremely artificial to distinguish the contributions made by physical geographers per se from those contributed by practitioners of other disciplines .

Also in the field of biogeography world maps of plant formations had been utilized for many years and had indeed been adopted as the basis for some climatic classification by attempting to fit the classification to the plant distribution .
also in the field of biogeography world maps of plant formations had been utilized for many years and had indeed been adopted as the basis for some climatic classification by [trying] to fit the classification to the plant distribution .

The dual purpose of the book was identified as attempting to present a view of landscape and processes in terms relevant to the student of human geography by indicating the ways in which socioeconomic and physical systems interlock and interact , and also by showing how far knowledge of the physical world and its processes is compatible with the ideas of systems theory to demonstrate areas in which research might profitably be concentrated .
the dual purpose of the book was identified as [trying] to present a view of landscape and processes in terms relevant to the student of human geography by indicating the ways in which socioeconomic and physical systems interlock and interact , and also by showing how far knowledge of the physical world and its processes is compatible with the ideas of systems theory to demonstrate areas in which research might profitably be concentrated .

They accuse Washington of exploiting regional trends among Third World states , of attempting ‘ to emasculate the positive basis of such processes , to militarise the activity of regional organisations created by the developing countries , transforming them ultimately into pro-Western military blocs ’ .
they accuse washington of exploiting regional trends among third world states , of [trying] ‘ to emasculate the positive basis of such processes , to militarise the activity of regional organisations created by the developing countries , transforming them ultimately into pro-western military blocs ’ .

In local government we might find groups composed of councillors , officers , local businessmen and women , client groups , voluntary agencies , all attempting to get their views accepted .
in local government we might find groups composed of councillors , officers , local businessmen and women , client groups , voluntary agencies , all [trying] to get their views accepted .

Courts would be involved in pre-trial procedure much more actively than at present in attempting to keep the parties to proposed new timetables , whilst allowing for a realistic degree of relaxation by the court , and permitting the parties to vary particular time limits by agreement , subject always to the obligation to have the case ready for trial and set down within the overall timetable .
courts would be involved in pre-trial procedure much more actively than at present in [trying] to keep the parties to proposed new timetables , whilst allowing for a realistic degree of relaxation by the court , and permitting the parties to vary particular time limits by agreement , subject always to the obligation to have the case ready for trial and set down within the overall timetable .

These emphasize the protection of individual rights , working on behalf of the client for more and better services , and attempting to ensure that existing services meet client needs and provide care to agreed service specifications .
these emphasize the protection of individual rights , working on behalf of the client for more and better services , and [trying] to ensure that existing services meet client needs and provide care to agreed service specifications .

However , before attempting to analyse the concept of the ‘ Union ’ , it should be remembered that the Maastricht Treaty resulted from separate draft treaties respectively on political Union and on Economic and Monetary Union , and that different solutions were adopted with regard to the achievement of those ‘ unions ’ .
however , before [trying] to analyse the concept of the ‘ union ’ , it should be remembered that the maastricht treaty resulted from separate draft treaties respectively on political union and on economic and monetary union , and that different solutions were adopted with regard to the achievement of those ‘ unions ’ .

Attempting to execute a difficult move , paralysed in the core of his muscles by nervousness , Lucien lost his footing and ruined the sequence .
[trying] to execute a difficult move , paralysed in the core of his muscles by nervousness , lucien lost his footing and ruined the sequence .

He was attempting to comfort Cleo , who had been uncharacteristically silent since their encounter with the children .
he was [trying] to comfort cleo , who had been uncharacteristically silent since their encounter with the children .

‘ On the contrary , ’ Malengin said , attempting , with difficulty , to turn one of the three taps over the sink .
‘ on the contrary , ’ malengin said , [trying] , with difficulty , to turn one of the three taps over the sink .

He concentrated entirely on opera seria , attempting to engage the acknowledged leader among Italian opera composers , Niccòlo Piccinni ; he was even prepared to allow Piccinni a rare concession , his own choice of libretto .
he concentrated entirely on opera seria , [trying] to engage the acknowledged leader among italian opera composers , niccòlo piccinni ; he was even prepared to allow piccinni a rare concession , his own choice of libretto .

Either like a snap of the fingers , leaving a sense of bewilderment at the ease with which the line between existence and history could be crossed , or else it was damned hard labour which could seem to take forever , like attempting to snuff out one of those trick candles where the flame dodged and dipped but would n't disappear .
either like a snap of the fingers , leaving a sense of bewilderment at the ease with which the line between existence and history could be crossed , or else it was damned hard labour which could seem to take forever , like [trying] to snuff out one of those trick candles where the flame dodged and dipped but would n't disappear .

Completion of this latter 5½ km ( 3½ mile ) section in 1981 gave considerable relief not only to the residents of the Colinton area , who , for some time , had been experiencing increasing traffic congestion in and around Colinton Village , but also to drivers attempting to avoid the city centre .
completion of this latter 5½ km ( 3½ mile ) section in 1981 gave considerable relief not only to the residents of the colinton area , who , for some time , had been experiencing increasing traffic congestion in and around colinton village , but also to drivers [trying] to avoid the city centre .

But this must not deter staff from attempting to make such checks .
but this must not deter staff from [trying] to make such checks .

Generally , if attempting to break a hold avoid big movements .
generally , if [trying] to break a hold avoid big movements .

In attempting to assist pupils in both these areas the Catholic teacher is conscious of the necessity of being true to educational principles .
in [trying] to assist pupils in both these areas the catholic teacher is conscious of the necessity of being true to educational principles .

The craftsman was , presumably , attempting a relieved meander of three linked swastikas at each corner , but this is never achieved ( although the work to the `` right `` is fairly neat : pI .
the craftsman was , presumably , [trying] a relieved meander of three linked swastikas at each corner , but this is never achieved ( although the work to the `` right `` is fairly neat : pi .

The new project aims to rectify these shortcomings , establishing a system for documenting washed-up mammals , assessing the cause of death , and attempting to determine whether polluted waters may be a factor .
the new project aims to rectify these shortcomings , establishing a system for documenting washed-up mammals , assessing the cause of death , and [trying] to determine whether polluted waters may be a factor .

Attempting to convey some idea of the massive population increase that is to be expected , Census Commissioner Amulya Nanda pointed out that an increase in population of 17 million a year was equal to the entire population of Australia .
[trying] to convey some idea of the massive population increase that is to be expected , census commissioner amulya nanda pointed out that an increase in population of 17 million a year was equal to the entire population of australia .

Greenpeace members were arrested by the French authorities on attempting to carry out tests nearer the atoll .
greenpeace members were arrested by the french authorities on [trying] to carry out tests nearer the atoll .

Even lightly-oiled birds were dying as they ingested oil while attempting to preen themselves clean .
even lightly-oiled birds were dying as they ingested oil while [trying] to preen themselves clean .

Soviet naval experts are attempting to make the wreck safe .
soviet naval experts are [trying] to make the wreck safe .

Four Greenpeace volunteers attempting to take samples for radioactivity testing at in the French nuclear testing ground of Muroroa atoll were arrested by French commandos on Dec. 11 .
four greenpeace volunteers [trying] to take samples for radioactivity testing at in the french nuclear testing ground of muroroa atoll were arrested by french commandos on dec. 11 .

The corporation is attempting to encourage the development of `` sustainable `` forestry through selective felling .
the corporation is [trying] to encourage the development of `` sustainable `` forestry through selective felling .

As the Encyclopaedia points out , there are a number of clauses in common use in leases attempting to place a limitation on the landlord 's liability for misrepresentation , misdescription and non-disclosure , but fortunately ( from the tenant 's point of view ) many such clauses are ineffective .
as the encyclopaedia points out , there are a number of clauses in common use in leases [trying] to place a limitation on the landlord 's liability for misrepresentation , misdescription and non-disclosure , but fortunately ( from the tenant 's point of view ) many such clauses are ineffective .

The reference to the rent being payable without any deduction is to avoid the tenant attempting to set off expenses or payments due from the landlord against the rent . There may , however , be instances where the tenant is obliged to make deductions , eg tax payable to the Inland Revenue where the landlord is non-resident and the following amendment to clause 4.1 may therefore be advisable :
the reference to the rent being payable without any deduction is to avoid the tenant [trying] to set off expenses or payments due from the landlord against the rent . there may , however , be instances where the tenant is obliged to make deductions , eg tax payable to the inland revenue where the landlord is non-resident and the following amendment to clause 4.1 may therefore be advisable :

In scene five , for instance , Anderson , attempting to leave the lecture theatre , is caught off-guard by the chairman , who selects him to put a question to the lecturing professor ( p. 63 ) .
in scene five , for instance , anderson , [trying] to leave the lecture theatre , is caught off-guard by the chairman , who selects him to put a question to the lecturing professor ( p. 63 ) .

Attempting to read beyond the current end of file will give rise to an " End of file " error .
[trying] to read beyond the current end of file will give rise to an " end of file " error .

Some legal philosophers offer an argument attempting exactly that .
some legal philosophers offer an argument [trying] exactly that .

Thirdly , the report will be attempting to introduce new approaches to existing curricular work , with implications for the use of resources in the library and in the classroom , for teaching methods presently used in the school and for the skills pupils will use before , during and after they use the microcomputer i.e .
thirdly , the report will be [trying] to introduce new approaches to existing curricular work , with implications for the use of resources in the library and in the classroom , for teaching methods presently used in the school and for the skills pupils will use before , during and after they use the microcomputer i.e .

Laura was still roughly chastising herself , and attempting to ignore the hard knot of unsatisfied desire still gripping her body , when Ross came back into the room .
laura was still roughly chastising herself , and [trying] to ignore the hard knot of unsatisfied desire still gripping her body , when ross came back into the room .

Barely conscious , Liz had nevertheless recognised Laura , and had clearly been attempting to communicate her deep distress and worry about her children .
barely conscious , liz had nevertheless recognised laura , and had clearly been [trying] to communicate her deep distress and worry about her children .

Boyce admitted murdering Thomas Boedecker and attempting to murder his wife , daughter and son .
boyce admitted murdering thomas boedecker and [trying] to murder his wife , daughter and son .

Delegation was essentially a means of attempting to adjust planning machinery to an outdated local government system .
delegation was essentially a means of [trying] to adjust planning machinery to an outdated local government system .

Will this mean Hughes buggering off 'cos he did n't play ? Eric attempting to find a new spiritual home ?
will this mean hughes buggering off 'cos he did n't play ? eric [trying] to find a new spiritual home ?

Banks may keep cash balances surplus to their requirements in times of ‘ easy ’ money to enable them later to resist open market operations when the authorities are attempting to squeeze the base .
banks may keep cash balances surplus to their requirements in times of ‘ easy ’ money to enable them later to resist open market operations when the authorities are [trying] to squeeze the base .

If potential purchasers believe interest rates will rise in the future ( highly likely when the government is attempting to operate a tighter monetary policy ) , they will hold off buying bonds now and may even attempt to sell bonds before bond prices fall .
if potential purchasers believe interest rates will rise in the future ( highly likely when the government is [trying] to operate a tighter monetary policy ) , they will hold off buying bonds now and may even attempt to sell bonds before bond prices fall .

This was reflected in the difficulty which a number of local law societies clearly experienced in attempting to arrive at agreed conclusions on the questions posed .
this was reflected in the difficulty which a number of local law societies clearly experienced in [trying] to arrive at agreed conclusions on the questions posed .

Regardless of the general press of humanity , a funeral procession was attempting to pass down it from the other end .
regardless of the general press of humanity , a funeral procession was [trying] to pass down it from the other end .

Congratulations , then , to the Hilliard Ensemble for attempting Songs of Sundrie Natures .
congratulations , then , to the hilliard ensemble for [trying] songs of sundrie natures .

If he thought that was beautiful he was not exactly the tasteful , classy guy he appeared to be , she thought , attempting to be callous .
if he thought that was beautiful he was not exactly the tasteful , classy guy he appeared to be , she thought , [trying] to be callous .

Her biggest fear was that any hint that she might have formed an attachment for someone else would see her husband not waiting for her to agree to a divorce , but scandalising her parents by attempting to do the divorcing himself .
her biggest fear was that any hint that she might have formed an attachment for someone else would see her husband not waiting for her to agree to a divorce , but scandalising her parents by [trying] to do the divorcing himself .

So she had downgraded herself , attempting by each step to lose herself in the back-streets of the cities she went to .
so she had downgraded herself , [trying] by each step to lose herself in the back-streets of the cities she went to .

Retrieving a comb from her bag , she was seated by the fire , attempting to restore order to her hair , when she heard Travis come back .
retrieving a comb from her bag , she was seated by the fire , [trying] to restore order to her hair , when she heard travis come back .

As she ate Paige found herself watching him again , attempting to analyse her feelings .
as she ate paige found herself watching him again , [trying] to analyse her feelings .

Little damage had been done , all it needed was for the cargo to be reassembled , but , while several tourists were rushing energetically around attempting to do this , the drivers of the carts had taken time off to chat .
little damage had been done , all it needed was for the cargo to be reassembled , but , while several tourists were rushing energetically around [trying] to do this , the drivers of the carts had taken time off to chat .

Vitor smiled the slow crooked smile which had once had his female fans attempting to push their telephone numbers — sometimes accompanied by intimate items of underwear — into his hand .
vitor smiled the slow crooked smile which had once had his female fans [trying] to push their telephone numbers — sometimes accompanied by intimate items of underwear — into his hand .

The scar would be a legacy of the injuries which he had received when attempting to haul Simon from the wreckage of his car .
the scar would be a legacy of the injuries which he had received when [trying] to haul simon from the wreckage of his car .

But if selection is to take place , it seems reasonable to attempt to do so on the basis of what an organisation saw as important in its own terms at the time , rather than attempting to apply current research criteria to the process .
but if selection is to take place , it seems reasonable to attempt to do so on the basis of what an organisation saw as important in its own terms at the time , rather than [trying] to apply current research criteria to the process .

Had Keynes gone too far down the road of attempting to accommodate many of the central tenets of classical economics within the framework of his own theory of employment ?
had keynes gone too far down the road of [trying] to accommodate many of the central tenets of classical economics within the framework of his own theory of employment ?

Incidentally , no clause attempting to negate the effect of a delivery note , which purported to apply the seller 's terms and conditions to the transaction , would have any effect on the `` battle of the forms `` .
incidentally , no clause [trying] to negate the effect of a delivery note , which purported to apply the seller 's terms and conditions to the transaction , would have any effect on the `` battle of the forms `` .

( ii ) on either party assigning or attempting to assign this Agreement other than to a subsidiary or associated company .
( ii ) on either party assigning or [trying] to assign this agreement other than to a subsidiary or associated company .

An alternative to attempting to deal with such matters by a policy of continuous and possibly unsettling adjustment ( by moving departments and personnel around ) would be to allow each branch to become a separate partnership under the aegis of a superimposed managing firm .
an alternative to [trying] to deal with such matters by a policy of continuous and possibly unsettling adjustment ( by moving departments and personnel around ) would be to allow each branch to become a separate partnership under the aegis of a superimposed managing firm .

Experience suggests , however , that attempting to tackle such problems sympathetically may be more likely to lead to an embittered and protracted dispute ( perhaps because it is seen as an admission that there may be doubt as to whether expulsion is really justified ) than acting decisively and impersonally , refusing to be drawn into arguments with the partner whose expulsion is sought .
experience suggests , however , that [trying] to tackle such problems sympathetically may be more likely to lead to an embittered and protracted dispute ( perhaps because it is seen as an admission that there may be doubt as to whether expulsion is really justified ) than acting decisively and impersonally , refusing to be drawn into arguments with the partner whose expulsion is sought .

Governments are attempting to devise safeguards to minimise the risks of genetic pollution when `` genetically modified organisms `` ( GMOs ) are released into the environment .
governments are [trying] to devise safeguards to minimise the risks of genetic pollution when `` genetically modified organisms `` ( gmos ) are released into the environment .

Kuwaiti oil officials are now attempting to establish a network of pumps and pipelines to shift the oil into tank farms .
kuwaiti oil officials are now [trying] to establish a network of pumps and pipelines to shift the oil into tank farms .

Plans to recreate an ancient woodland to replace the 800-year-old Oxleas Wood in south-east London , due to be cut in two by a six-lane motorway , were described as `` absurd `` during a court action brought by protesters attempting to stop the road plan .
plans to recreate an ancient woodland to replace the 800-year-old oxleas wood in south-east london , due to be cut in two by a six-lane motorway , were described as `` absurd `` during a court action brought by protesters [trying] to stop the road plan .

The Green Party has announced its intention of forcing environmental issues into the mainstream political agenda during the election campaign by attempting to affect the outcome of key marginal seats .
the green party has announced its intention of forcing environmental issues into the mainstream political agenda during the election campaign by [trying] to affect the outcome of key marginal seats .

Israel is attempting to recreate part of the Hula wetlands , drained in the 1950s to create arable land for farming .
israel is [trying] to recreate part of the hula wetlands , drained in the 1950s to create arable land for farming .

Some of the groups `` , the White Paper said , `` found themselves attempting to reconcile a wish for strict emissions targets , and hence a wish to phase out all fossil fuel burning , with a dislike for the nuclear option and support for coal in the short term .
some of the groups `` , the white paper said , `` found themselves [trying] to reconcile a wish for strict emissions targets , and hence a wish to phase out all fossil fuel burning , with a dislike for the nuclear option and support for coal in the short term .

The Tunisian government is attempting to persuade fishermen to fish further north and not to trawl in shallow waters ; it has also pledged to stop dumping by the state-owned chemical plants by 1996 .
the tunisian government is [trying] to persuade fishermen to fish further north and not to trawl in shallow waters ; it has also pledged to stop dumping by the state-owned chemical plants by 1996 .

Australian scientists are attempting to measure the contribution cattle make to the greenhouse effect .
australian scientists are [trying] to measure the contribution cattle make to the greenhouse effect .

The centre is currently attempting to find appropriate sites overseas .
the centre is currently [trying] to find appropriate sites overseas .

Friends of the Earth ( FoE ) has awarded its " Green Con of the Year Award " for 1992 to Meyer International , owner of the Jewsons chain of builders ' merchants , for attempting to persuade the public that the timber trade has a marginal or even beneficial role in the battle to save the world 's forests .
friends of the earth ( foe ) has awarded its " green con of the year award " for 1992 to meyer international , owner of the jewsons chain of builders ' merchants , for [trying] to persuade the public that the timber trade has a marginal or even beneficial role in the battle to save the world 's forests .

However , all this is doing is attempting to build into the machines the intelligence that would have been exercised by a skilled worker in going through the labour process .
however , all this is doing is [trying] to build into the machines the intelligence that would have been exercised by a skilled worker in going through the labour process .

But it has particular force when attempting to understand design-and-society relations .
but it has particular force when [trying] to understand design-and-society relations .

In relation to our `` design-and-society `` problem , design , in rending itself from the social fabric and attempting to construct itself as an independent discipline — and having constructed its own pantheon of values and principles with only tangential relation to the social — becomes , quite literally , socially unintelligible .
in relation to our `` design-and-society `` problem , design , in rending itself from the social fabric and [trying] to construct itself as an independent discipline — and having constructed its own pantheon of values and principles with only tangential relation to the social — becomes , quite literally , socially unintelligible .

The conflict which some people see between the Commission 's role in attempting to improve the economic position of Catholics and its neutrality between Protestants and Catholicism is more apparent than real .
the conflict which some people see between the commission 's role in [trying] to improve the economic position of catholics and its neutrality between protestants and catholicism is more apparent than real .

While schools are attempting to get away from the system , we are formalising it by offering five different levels of funding .
while schools are [trying] to get away from the system , we are formalising it by offering five different levels of funding .

So we are attempting to do it ourselves .
so we are [trying] to do it ourselves .

Through their involvement , rather than creating a platform for development , people were letting the government off the hook by attempting to find superficial and limited solutions to deep-rooted structural problems .
through their involvement , rather than creating a platform for development , people were letting the government off the hook by [trying] to find superficial and limited solutions to deep-rooted structural problems .

Between childcare and now ‘ granny care ’ ( with the introduction of the Griffith Report 's recommendations ) women will be caught at both ends in terms of attempting to find employment .
between childcare and now ‘ granny care ’ ( with the introduction of the griffith report 's recommendations ) women will be caught at both ends in terms of [trying] to find employment .

They are frankly calling their new cheeses by new brand names , making them in different shapes and original packings , selling them on their own merits rather than attempting to pass them off as the great traditional products of an unmechanized and unstandardized age .
they are frankly calling their new cheeses by new brand names , making them in different shapes and original packings , selling them on their own merits rather than [trying] to pass them off as the great traditional products of an unmechanized and unstandardized age .

Many organisations and individuals have entered the bidding ( including , with poetic justice , given our attitude towards their forest , a Brazilian ) , but Kluge is still keeping negotiations open with the consortium of conservation bodies attempting to purchase it .
many organisations and individuals have entered the bidding ( including , with poetic justice , given our attitude towards their forest , a brazilian ) , but kluge is still keeping negotiations open with the consortium of conservation bodies [trying] to purchase it .

This is hardly the first time that Britain has enraged Brussels by attempting to wriggle out of European environmental legislation .
this is hardly the first time that britain has enraged brussels by [trying] to wriggle out of european environmental legislation .

He had just heard the banqueting hall cannons fire , which must mean that the sepoys were attempting an attack from the flank ; he hoped that their attack had not succeeded because he and his men had more than they could cope with already .
he had just heard the banqueting hall cannons fire , which must mean that the sepoys were [trying] an attack from the flank ; he hoped that their attack had not succeeded because he and his men had more than they could cope with already .

There is no doubt that in The Family Reunion he was attempting that re-integration of religious and secular drama which he discussed at the time he was working on the play .
there is no doubt that in the family reunion he was [trying] that re-integration of religious and secular drama which he discussed at the time he was working on the play .

He had completed a first draft by July 1941 , but he told Hayward that he was not pleased with the result because he was over-conscious of what he was attempting to do : `` he was always aware of this problem in his work , and it had effectively led him to abandon much of the poetry he had been writing in his Harvard years .
he had completed a first draft by july 1941 , but he told hayward that he was not pleased with the result because he was over-conscious of what he was [trying] to do : `` he was always aware of this problem in his work , and it had effectively led him to abandon much of the poetry he had been writing in his harvard years .

In May he went to convalesce by the seaside , near Littlehampton , and on Ms return he stayed at home for another month , attempting only light work : all important social and public engagements were cancelled until the autumn .
in may he went to convalesce by the seaside , near littlehampton , and on ms return he stayed at home for another month , [trying] only light work : all important social and public engagements were cancelled until the autumn .

He had been awarded the Hanseatic-Goethe prize but was unable to make the trip to Germany in order to receive it , and even now was attempting to prepare an address for the following year .
he had been awarded the hanseatic-goethe prize but was unable to make the trip to germany in order to receive it , and even now was [trying] to prepare an address for the following year .

In summary , his presentation allows readers to suppose that the Pioneers were wrong in establishing , or attempting to establish , the producers ' societies as bodies separate from the consumers ' societies , and wrong even in seeing them as genuine co-operatives .
in summary , his presentation allows readers to suppose that the pioneers were wrong in establishing , or [trying] to establish , the producers ' societies as bodies separate from the consumers ' societies , and wrong even in seeing them as genuine co-operatives .

His uncle , sister , and brother can all be described as nationalists and although Ho seems to have been attracted at one point to the China of the 1911 Revolution , he chose instead to make his way to France where , having led an intellectually enriched but materially impoverished existence in Paris , he achieved some fame , or notoriety , among his fellow expatriates by attempting to present a list of Vietnamese grievances to Woodrow Wilson and the European statesmen who had gathered in 1919 at Versailles .
his uncle , sister , and brother can all be described as nationalists and although ho seems to have been attracted at one point to the china of the 1911 revolution , he chose instead to make his way to france where , having led an intellectually enriched but materially impoverished existence in paris , he achieved some fame , or notoriety , among his fellow expatriates by [trying] to present a list of vietnamese grievances to woodrow wilson and the european statesmen who had gathered in 1919 at versailles .

At about the same time the Party was attempting to make contact with him and finally did so in the persons of two of its eventually outstanding members , Vo Nguyen Giap and Pham Van Dong .
at about the same time the party was [trying] to make contact with him and finally did so in the persons of two of its eventually outstanding members , vo nguyen giap and pham van dong .

The danger lies in not recognising it , or in attempting to deny it to ourselves .
the danger lies in not recognising it , or in [trying] to deny it to ourselves .

Ironically , two great predecessors , Mallory and Irvine , died whilst attempting the same route in 1924 .
ironically , two great predecessors , mallory and irvine , died whilst [trying] the same route in 1924 .

He was accused of being dictatorial and of attempting to overthrow the Constitution .
he was accused of being dictatorial and of [trying] to overthrow the constitution .

President Eisenhower persuaded Faubus to remove the state troopers , but this brought riots , as white crowds beat and insulted black youths attempting to enter the school .
president eisenhower persuaded faubus to remove the state troopers , but this brought riots , as white crowds beat and insulted black youths [trying] to enter the school .

In attempting to carry out his economic policies the President had frequently met a central problem that was also to obstruct the social reforms he had promised — the difficulty of persuading Congress to pass the necessary legislation .
in [trying] to carry out his economic policies the president had frequently met a central problem that was also to obstruct the social reforms he had promised — the difficulty of persuading congress to pass the necessary legislation .

The heart of the struggle was in Vietnam where nationalist forces , known as the Vietminh , were attempting to gain independence .
the heart of the struggle was in vietnam where nationalist forces , known as the vietminh , were [trying] to gain independence .

On 17 June 1972 , five men were arrested while attempting to break into the headquarters of the Democratic Party 's National Committee in the plush Washington apartment block called the Watergate Building .
on 17 june 1972 , five men were arrested while [trying] to break into the headquarters of the democratic party 's national committee in the plush washington apartment block called the watergate building .

We can at least now see how important a policy it might have been , how great a shift in the tides of history that it was attempting .
we can at least now see how important a policy it might have been , how great a shift in the tides of history that it was [trying] .

Salvidge proposed to delete these insulting words but could not even find a seconder ; nine MPs were present , including Younger , Sanders and Neville Chamberlain , all of whom must have approved of the resolution or seen the futility of attempting to amend it .
salvidge proposed to delete these insulting words but could not even find a seconder ; nine mps were present , including younger , sanders and neville chamberlain , all of whom must have approved of the resolution or seen the futility of [trying] to amend it .

In attempting to develop a new collective sense of Englishness , intellectuals and administrators alike applied themselves to what , at an earlier ( and indeed later ) time would have been seen as an `` un-English `` and idealist version of the national life .
in [trying] to develop a new collective sense of englishness , intellectuals and administrators alike applied themselves to what , at an earlier ( and indeed later ) time would have been seen as an `` un-english `` and idealist version of the national life .

Here it is not a case of `` encouraging `` local cultural development but of attempting to `` wean `` people away from such influences as the `` cheap sensational periodicals `` which are said to blunt their imagination , and — importantly — cause them to `` recoil from `` and perhaps even `` come to dislike literature .
here it is not a case of `` encouraging `` local cultural development but of [trying] to `` wean `` people away from such influences as the `` cheap sensational periodicals `` which are said to blunt their imagination , and — importantly — cause them to `` recoil from `` and perhaps even `` come to dislike literature .

It is interesting to note that , in attempting to refute the charge of `` soft option `` , the Report had already asked : `` Is it a soft option to make oneself master of the political philosophy of Burke ? ``
it is interesting to note that , in [trying] to refute the charge of `` soft option `` , the report had already asked : `` is it a soft option to make oneself master of the political philosophy of burke ? ``

Within such a discourse national intellectuals need not see themselves as attempting to impose their own culture orientations upon a majority population . They need not conceive of their practical programme as one of systematic cultural intervention : they were simply making transitional preparations for a reincarnation of the spirit of Poetry :
within such a discourse national intellectuals need not see themselves as [trying] to impose their own culture orientations upon a majority population . they need not conceive of their practical programme as one of systematic cultural intervention : they were simply making transitional preparations for a reincarnation of the spirit of poetry :

Scholarship involves attempting to remove all obscurities so as to come as close as possible to this essence .
scholarship involves [trying] to remove all obscurities so as to come as close as possible to this essence .

Rather than attempting to define the nature of the `` humane education `` thus envisaged , Leavis merely asserts that `` It seems better simply to point to English literature , which is unquestionably and producibly `` there `` , and to suggest that the `` literary tradition `` that this unquestionable existence justifies us in speaking of might … be called a vague concept . ``
rather than [trying] to define the nature of the `` humane education `` thus envisaged , leavis merely asserts that `` it seems better simply to point to english literature , which is unquestionably and producibly `` there `` , and to suggest that the `` literary tradition `` that this unquestionable existence justifies us in speaking of might … be called a vague concept . ``

Furthermore , he was attempting to construct a discourse which was impervious to the kinds of attack then being launched from inside and outside the discipline .
furthermore , he was [trying] to construct a discourse which was impervious to the kinds of attack then being launched from inside and outside the discipline .

Certainly , during this period it is common to find English teachers expressing a sense of the futility , or at least extreme difficulty , of attempting to influence in the direction of submission to great works of literature , students socialized into a culture of `` affluence `` .
certainly , during this period it is common to find english teachers expressing a sense of the futility , or at least extreme difficulty , of [trying] to influence in the direction of submission to great works of literature , students socialized into a culture of `` affluence `` .

Learn to master the simple move before attempting more complex ones , and remember that because of the viewing angle the pitch does n't seem as wide as it really is .
learn to master the simple move before [trying] more complex ones , and remember that because of the viewing angle the pitch does n't seem as wide as it really is .

The arcade section is hideous , featuring computer-controlled players running around like headless chickens and never attempting a tackle .
the arcade section is hideous , featuring computer-controlled players running around like headless chickens and never [trying] a tackle .

If Flavin has been busy trying to de-concretise sculpture all his career , Judy Pfaff , in her own very different way , has been attempting something similar .
if flavin has been busy trying to de-concretise sculpture all his career , judy pfaff , in her own very different way , has been [trying] something similar .

Advocates of each conception of contracts have failed to recognize that they may not be so much disagreeing as attempting to answer different questions .
advocates of each conception of contracts have failed to recognize that they may not be so much disagreeing as [trying] to answer different questions .

Thus it can be argued that although the courts proclaim that in reviewing the decisions of an administrative body they are merely attempting to keep the body within the jurisdiction conferred upon it by Parliament , in fact they do sometimes explicitly justify their decisions by reference to the expertise or lack of expertise of the body whose decision it is sought to review .
thus it can be argued that although the courts proclaim that in reviewing the decisions of an administrative body they are merely [trying] to keep the body within the jurisdiction conferred upon it by parliament , in fact they do sometimes explicitly justify their decisions by reference to the expertise or lack of expertise of the body whose decision it is sought to review .

By ignoring these sorts of objections it is clear that the corporatist vision of the company is attempting to break with some of the basic assumptions of liberalism .
by ignoring these sorts of objections it is clear that the corporatist vision of the company is [trying] to break with some of the basic assumptions of liberalism .

Holding lands which lay on the boundaries of Plantagenet Aquitaine , the Capetian sénéschaussée of Toulouse , and the lordships of Foix-Béarn , Pardiac , Astarac and L'Isle jourdain , they were essentially marcher lords , attempting to enlarge and unite their territories .
holding lands which lay on the boundaries of plantagenet aquitaine , the capetian sénéschaussée of toulouse , and the lordships of foix-béarn , pardiac , astarac and l'isle jourdain , they were essentially marcher lords , [trying] to enlarge and unite their territories .

Attempting to shape therapeutic interventions in a form that allows a research project to develop may add a rewarding dimension to clinical work , and often stimulates more academic interest .
[trying] to shape therapeutic interventions in a form that allows a research project to develop may add a rewarding dimension to clinical work , and often stimulates more academic interest .

However , if we are attempting to overcome fear using a specific programme of targets , these fluctuations make similar targets more difficult on some days than others .
however , if we are [trying] to overcome fear using a specific programme of targets , these fluctuations make similar targets more difficult on some days than others .

Make up lots of things on which to focus the mind and start the process as soon as you set off , or start , whatever task you are attempting to achieve .
make up lots of things on which to focus the mind and start the process as soon as you set off , or start , whatever task you are [trying] to achieve .

Nobody can function effectively when attempting to move simultaneously in opposite directions .
nobody can function effectively when [trying] to move simultaneously in opposite directions .

Attempting to do everything perfectly can lead to doing everything adequately , but nothing exceptionally .
[trying] to do everything perfectly can lead to doing everything adequately , but nothing exceptionally .

Second , for the non-professional art lover , we shall be keeping the ‘ period rooms ’ , originally gifts from generous donors , while attempting to order them in a coherent sequence spanning the period from the fifteenth to the twentieth century .
second , for the non-professional art lover , we shall be keeping the ‘ period rooms ’ , originally gifts from generous donors , while [trying] to order them in a coherent sequence spanning the period from the fifteenth to the twentieth century .

Attempting to evaluate what was on show leaves a very strange impression .
[trying] to evaluate what was on show leaves a very strange impression .

Later in your life you would spend many years attempting to disprove this thesis .
later in your life you would spend many years [trying] to disprove this thesis .

Although there are many personal difficulties to be overcome when attempting to withdraw from drugs , it is possible .
although there are many personal difficulties to be overcome when [trying] to withdraw from drugs , it is possible .

Even if the security is ample , the bank will not want the time , trouble and loss of goodwill involved in attempting to repossess its loan .
even if the security is ample , the bank will not want the time , trouble and loss of goodwill involved in [trying] to repossess its loan .

Given this background , medieval and Tudor kings recognized the necessity of accepting , and then attempting to exploit , the power of dominant local noblemen .
given this background , medieval and tudor kings recognized the necessity of accepting , and then [trying] to exploit , the power of dominant local noblemen .

Some recent work , however , particularly in attempting to historicise the insights of Freud , and to demonstrate the specificity of his categories ( that is , showing how they refer to a particular cultural milieu ) has opened up new possibilities .
some recent work , however , particularly in [trying] to historicise the insights of freud , and to demonstrate the specificity of his categories ( that is , showing how they refer to a particular cultural milieu ) has opened up new possibilities .

The remainder of this book will explore the major phases in this development , while attempting to bring into play the schema suggested above .
the remainder of this book will explore the major phases in this development , while [trying] to bring into play the schema suggested above .

The legislation 's main aim is to safeguard research and storage of embryos , but it is also attempting to monitor a complex set of issues .
the legislation 's main aim is to safeguard research and storage of embryos , but it is also [trying] to monitor a complex set of issues .

The Western powers and Japan , who had long been attempting to secure rights and interests in China , were now faced with a series of regimes too weak to resist some of their demands , or to see that any concessions were adhered to .
the western powers and japan , who had long been [trying] to secure rights and interests in china , were now faced with a series of regimes too weak to resist some of their demands , or to see that any concessions were adhered to .

Moreover , the dependence of their prosperity on the status quo discouraged merchants from attempting to end their exclusion from overt political power and social pre-eminence .
moreover , the dependence of their prosperity on the status quo discouraged merchants from [trying] to end their exclusion from overt political power and social pre-eminence .

Such rapid recycling simply could not have happened either in socialist systems ( dependent on credit-by- fiat ) , or by Western governments attempting to get the taxpayers ' democratically elected representatives in government to vote the funds for expanded government-to-government loans , i.e .
such rapid recycling simply could not have happened either in socialist systems ( dependent on credit-by- fiat ) , or by western governments [trying] to get the taxpayers ' democratically elected representatives in government to vote the funds for expanded government-to-government loans , i.e .

Too often what has been taken as ‘ illogical ’ or ‘ mystical ’ is , in reality , pregnant with symbolic meaning which the observer has failed to appreciate through attempting to interpret it literally .
too often what has been taken as ‘ illogical ’ or ‘ mystical ’ is , in reality , pregnant with symbolic meaning which the observer has failed to appreciate through [trying] to interpret it literally .

The schooled children may be aptly described as speaking explicitly when they say ‘ they are red ’ but they are not being as explicit about what they are doing as Greenfield , for instance , is attempting to be .
the schooled children may be aptly described as speaking explicitly when they say ‘ they are red ’ but they are not being as explicit about what they are doing as greenfield , for instance , is [trying] to be .

Observers from other periods attempting to make sense of such discourse have to understand the conventions and to unpack the ideology .
observers from other periods [trying] to make sense of such discourse have to understand the conventions and to unpack the ideology .

In medieval England what came under pressure were the conventions by which claims to land rights were legitimated ; while some sectors of society were attempting to make written records the prime guarantor of ‘ truth ’ and legitimacy , others were suspicious that such records could easily be forged and preferred to put their faith in seals and in the oral testimony of ‘ twelve good men and true ’ .
in medieval england what came under pressure were the conventions by which claims to land rights were legitimated ; while some sectors of society were [trying] to make written records the prime guarantor of ‘ truth ’ and legitimacy , others were suspicious that such records could easily be forged and preferred to put their faith in seals and in the oral testimony of ‘ twelve good men and true ’ .

Moreover , there are serious theoretical problems in attempting to isolate those intellectual factors that might be held to account for social change , apart from then attempting to associate these factors with particular social groups on the one hand or with literacy on the other .
moreover , there are serious theoretical problems in [trying] to isolate those intellectual factors that might be held to account for social change , apart from then [trying] to associate these factors with particular social groups on the one hand or with literacy on the other .

Academic tutors not surprisingly experience considerable difficulty in attempting to teach their particular forms of reading and writing to students acculturated in the conventions of these popular uses of literacy .
academic tutors not surprisingly experience considerable difficulty in [trying] to teach their particular forms of reading and writing to students acculturated in the conventions of these popular uses of literacy .

Lienhardt , as an anthropologist , leaves that question alone and is concerned simply with the different ways in which people in different cultures make sense of their worlds , without attempting to attribute greater truth to any one way as , by definition , the attribution of ‘ objectivity ’ does .
lienhardt , as an anthropologist , leaves that question alone and is concerned simply with the different ways in which people in different cultures make sense of their worlds , without [trying] to attribute greater truth to any one way as , by definition , the attribution of ‘ objectivity ’ does .

The Norman conquerors , in attempting to establish rights to land in England , undermined indigenous oral criteria for proof of ownership , by which they as newcomers were on weaker ground than native land owners , and set up centralised , bureaucratic procedures with emphasis on written documentation , records , cross-referencing etc .
the norman conquerors , in [trying] to establish rights to land in england , undermined indigenous oral criteria for proof of ownership , by which they as newcomers were on weaker ground than native land owners , and set up centralised , bureaucratic procedures with emphasis on written documentation , records , cross-referencing etc .

Rommetveit does not believe that we can understand meaning by paring an utterance down to its ‘ core meaning ’ and then following up variations on it , as the formal linguists are attempting to do .
rommetveit does not believe that we can understand meaning by paring an utterance down to its ‘ core meaning ’ and then following up variations on it , as the formal linguists are [trying] to do .

The differences in these forms of writing , and the different skills required of writer and reader in relation to them , are more appropriately understood as different social practices related to , amongst other things , different functions they are attempting to fulfil .
the differences in these forms of writing , and the different skills required of writer and reader in relation to them , are more appropriately understood as different social practices related to , amongst other things , different functions they are [trying] to fulfil .

Olson , at least , does appear to accept such qualifications , although like others attempting to make general claims for literacy , he does not always follow through the implications of this for these claims .
olson , at least , does appear to accept such qualifications , although like others [trying] to make general claims for literacy , he does not always follow through the implications of this for these claims .

It is not , then , writing per se that has the qualities of explicitness and lack of ambiguity which Olson is attempting to locate , but rather the languages specifically designed for this purpose , of which certain aspects of literacy are a part .
it is not , then , writing per se that has the qualities of explicitness and lack of ambiguity which olson is [trying] to locate , but rather the languages specifically designed for this purpose , of which certain aspects of literacy are a part .

The thought of her husband fumbling around in bed and urgently attempting to rouse her left her feeling suddenly depressed .
the thought of her husband fumbling around in bed and urgently [trying] to rouse her left her feeling suddenly depressed .

Clearly , income is an important variable in attempting to satisfy this goal ; it is certainly what most people tell you they come to work to get , even though the number of people actually solely motivated by it is very small .
clearly , income is an important variable in [trying] to satisfy this goal ; it is certainly what most people tell you they come to work to get , even though the number of people actually solely motivated by it is very small .

Social psychologists have identified a variety of styles of influence used by managers attempting to affect outcomes .
social psychologists have identified a variety of styles of influence used by managers [trying] to affect outcomes .

Senior administrators are not above attempting to influence the shape of policy , but once the policy has been made they accept that it is their responsibility to bring about its implementation .
senior administrators are not above [trying] to influence the shape of policy , but once the policy has been made they accept that it is their responsibility to bring about its implementation .

Instead they set out to ride roughshod over the legislative branch , attempting to govern without congress rather than with it .
instead they set out to ride roughshod over the legislative branch , [trying] to govern without congress rather than with it .

In attempting to understand why yet another presidency in the 1970s failed , it is necessary first to return to some of the earlier analyses .
in [trying] to understand why yet another presidency in the 1970s failed , it is necessary first to return to some of the earlier analyses .

Before attempting to introduce the legislation this strategy required , the Reagan forces prepared the ground by taking unprecedented steps to ensure that those appointed to the new administration were fully committed to the president 's aims .
before [trying] to introduce the legislation this strategy required , the reagan forces prepared the ground by taking unprecedented steps to ensure that those appointed to the new administration were fully committed to the president 's aims .

This is a challenging model , attempting to allocate 75 % of all district health authority expenditure on services rather than the 20–25 % currently given to practitioners through fundholding .
this is a challenging model , [trying] to allocate 75 % of all district health authority expenditure on services rather than the 20–25 % currently given to practitioners through fundholding .

Anyone attempting to use terminals belonging to the Lexicographer Group will be authenticated by the system as : a known lexicographer belonging to one or more established work groups .
anyone [trying] to use terminals belonging to the lexicographer group will be authenticated by the system as : a known lexicographer belonging to one or more established work groups .

inexperienced AEs attempting the hard sell will often have `` blow-outs `` , i.e .
inexperienced aes [trying] the hard sell will often have `` blow-outs `` , i.e .

But the serrated gratings must have sufficiently broken the crust of the brick-broken mutilated plastimetal that covers a great deal of the world that is an eyeball , and little light yellow-green stubs poked through , cos the Sun was still up there , way up there , even though someone had devised a new kind of force of matter transference and was attempting to move the Sun to his laboratory-country where it would be used to grow humlants — in which the old human brain was to be stretched in durable fibrosity and connected inextricably to root and flower , making rings of energy that took their partners for a whaltz or a flexitrot and multiplied their species by being fried on a plasetal plate whose temperature was so great that they never actually touched it but skimmed over , coming off the other side as a more-than-when-they-started .
but the serrated gratings must have sufficiently broken the crust of the brick-broken mutilated plastimetal that covers a great deal of the world that is an eyeball , and little light yellow-green stubs poked through , cos the sun was still up there , way up there , even though someone had devised a new kind of force of matter transference and was [trying] to move the sun to his laboratory-country where it would be used to grow humlants — in which the old human brain was to be stretched in durable fibrosity and connected inextricably to root and flower , making rings of energy that took their partners for a whaltz or a flexitrot and multiplied their species by being fried on a plasetal plate whose temperature was so great that they never actually touched it but skimmed over , coming off the other side as a more-than-when-they-started .

It is debatable how far young readers should be automatising the reading skill , or attempting to think about it as a conscious act .
it is debatable how far young readers should be automatising the reading skill , or [trying] to think about it as a conscious act .

But the sudden movement set her head pounding , and she squeezed her eyes closed , attempting to shut out the dancing varicoloured slivers of light .
but the sudden movement set her head pounding , and she squeezed her eyes closed , [trying] to shut out the dancing varicoloured slivers of light .

She reached out and turned the clock towards her , blinking at the small ornate face , attempting to focus on the figures , trying to work out if it was twenty past twelve or twenty past one , finally deciding it was the earlier hour .
she reached out and turned the clock towards her , blinking at the small ornate face , [trying] to focus on the figures , trying to work out if it was twenty past twelve or twenty past one , finally deciding it was the earlier hour .

Regarding exercises : before attempting to answer a question do make sure you know the meaning of all the words in it !
regarding exercises : before [trying] to answer a question do make sure you know the meaning of all the words in it !

Locke is attempting to establish the proper source of authority for any government .
locke is [trying] to establish the proper source of authority for any government .

Fifthly , although the fact is often overlooked by philosophers , we commonly talk of causes in situations where we are attempting to explain some event and have not yet done so .
fifthly , although the fact is often overlooked by philosophers , we commonly talk of causes in situations where we are [trying] to explain some event and have not yet done so .

Without attempting a characterization of such sequences , let us suppose that a link k occurred in a causal sequence connecting cc with e .
without [trying] a characterization of such sequences , let us suppose that a link k occurred in a causal sequence connecting cc with e .

The objections have been very lightly sketched , and , inevitably , there is the possibility of attempting replies .
the objections have been very lightly sketched , and , inevitably , there is the possibility of [trying] replies .

Still , we are not debarred from attempting to conceive of an indeterminate object or content .
still , we are not debarred from [trying] to conceive of an indeterminate object or content .

Section 2 of the 1920 Act provides that communicating with a foreign agent is evidence of obtaining or attempting to obtain information calculated or intended to be useful to an enemy contrary to section 1 of the Act .
section 2 of the 1920 act provides that communicating with a foreign agent is evidence of obtaining or [trying] to obtain information calculated or intended to be useful to an enemy contrary to section 1 of the act .

It is , today , simply one of many interest groups attempting to influence the decision-making process .
it is , today , simply one of many interest groups [trying] to influence the decision-making process .

Conspiring or attempting to commit such offences , inciting , aiding , abetting , counselling or procuring the commission of such offences are also arrestable offences .
conspiring or [trying] to commit such offences , inciting , aiding , abetting , counselling or procuring the commission of such offences are also arrestable offences .

, to attempting to influence styles of policing and indeed to involve themselves in operational matters , for example in relation to industrial disputes and demonstrations .
, to [trying] to influence styles of policing and indeed to involve themselves in operational matters , for example in relation to industrial disputes and demonstrations .

He felt that Lord Atkin had been attempting to explain what was meant by a judicial decision but unfortunately his words had encouraged subsequent courts to concentrate on the form rather than the essence of the decision .
he felt that lord atkin had been [trying] to explain what was meant by a judicial decision but unfortunately his words had encouraged subsequent courts to concentrate on the form rather than the essence of the decision .

These experiences are easily confused with reality , and sometimes result in the sleeper 's waking up completely and attempting to answer the voices .
these experiences are easily confused with reality , and sometimes result in the sleeper 's waking up completely and [trying] to answer the voices .

Before attempting to produce chimaeras it is advisable to practice the injection procedures , given in Table 12 , using readily identified solutions or suspensions , such as pontamine sky blue or India ink , or cells labelled with a fluorescein dye , to establish that the injection pipette is consistently reaching the target area .
before [trying] to produce chimaeras it is advisable to practice the injection procedures , given in table 12 , using readily identified solutions or suspensions , such as pontamine sky blue or india ink , or cells labelled with a fluorescein dye , to establish that the injection pipette is consistently reaching the target area .

The one requirement for the cytogenetic study of mitotic cells is to produce a well spread , flattened metaphase plate as free from overlapping chromosomes as possible . In attempting to achieve this goal , most of the techniques currently used involve the same four essential steps which are :
the one requirement for the cytogenetic study of mitotic cells is to produce a well spread , flattened metaphase plate as free from overlapping chromosomes as possible . in [trying] to achieve this goal , most of the techniques currently used involve the same four essential steps which are :

Often , when the writer is attempting to represent a particular word , he assumes that the word he has written down genuinely approximates to what he wants .
often , when the writer is [trying] to represent a particular word , he assumes that the word he has written down genuinely approximates to what he wants .

fatet : firstly , the child may not have seen the word written down , and so may be attempting to spell a visually unknown word ; secondly , the d-t error is caused by the similarity of the sounds ( cf .
fatet : firstly , the child may not have seen the word written down , and so may be [trying] to spell a visually unknown word ; secondly , the d-t error is caused by the similarity of the sounds ( cf .

Only accidents of a more spectacular kind would appear there , the first ‘ sledger ’ to come to grief , the over-zealous railmen attempting to close doors who were decapitated at tunnel portals , the victims of fire .
only accidents of a more spectacular kind would appear there , the first ‘ sledger ’ to come to grief , the over-zealous railmen [trying] to close doors who were decapitated at tunnel portals , the victims of fire .

Panic was the feeling Alice had when , after several tries , she gave up attempting the Beethoven .
panic was the feeling alice had when , after several tries , she gave up [trying] the beethoven .

Peter had borrowed a xylophone from a dying patient at the hospice and with Alice on the violin and Tom with his trumpet , they were attempting the foxtrot from a Shostakovich jazz band suite .
peter had borrowed a xylophone from a dying patient at the hospice and with alice on the violin and tom with his trumpet , they were [trying] the foxtrot from a shostakovich jazz band suite .

As a background against which the Irish recording industry is attempting to develop , it 's less than inspiring .
as a background against which the irish recording industry is [trying] to develop , it 's less than inspiring .

They may , for instance , employ a biological perspective in attempting to explain family and marital arrangements : ‘ women rear children because they have a maternal instinct ( biologically determined ) for this task ’ .
they may , for instance , employ a biological perspective in [trying] to explain family and marital arrangements : ‘ women rear children because they have a maternal instinct ( biologically determined ) for this task ’ .

Unfortunately , the very fact that the study of inequality is the central issue means that there have been a great variety of competing theories and concepts attempting to describe and explain it .
unfortunately , the very fact that the study of inequality is the central issue means that there have been a great variety of competing theories and concepts [trying] to describe and explain it .

William Lukin set course to the south , arriving in the search area at 0330 to find that the Nimrod had successfully located the casualty and that the Army Air Corps helicopter was attempting to winch the survivors off .
william lukin set course to the south , arriving in the search area at 0330 to find that the nimrod had successfully located the casualty and that the army air corps helicopter was [trying] to winch the survivors off .

The authorities are attempting to build a technological society on unpromising foundations .
the authorities are [trying] to build a technological society on unpromising foundations .

’ But what seemed to fall rather short of perfect innocence was a case of ‘ attempting to obtain money by threats of violence ’ where two youths had sent a menacing note to the old lady next door — ‘ Unless you provide £500 in old notes … you will be shot by revolver ’ — thereby reducing her to hysterics .
’ but what seemed to fall rather short of perfect innocence was a case of ‘ [trying] to obtain money by threats of violence ’ where two youths had sent a menacing note to the old lady next door — ‘ unless you provide £500 in old notes … you will be shot by revolver ’ — thereby reducing her to hysterics .

One of the more alarming aspects of these Bank Holiday disturbances was that they highlighted fierce traditions of resistance to the police in working-class neighbourhoods , so that not uncommonly policemen attempting to make street arrests would be set upon by large crowds — sometimes numbering two or three hundred people — shouting ‘ Rescue !
one of the more alarming aspects of these bank holiday disturbances was that they highlighted fierce traditions of resistance to the police in working-class neighbourhoods , so that not uncommonly policemen [trying] to make street arrests would be set upon by large crowds — sometimes numbering two or three hundred people — shouting ‘ rescue !

In a more typical case , when attempting a street arrest ‘ a hostile mob raised the cry of ‘ Boot them ’ ’ against the police ' ; , in another , police attempting to separate a man and woman who were quarrelling were ‘ set upon by a crowd of 200 persons , who called out ‘ Boot them ’ ’ , and they were assaulted and kicked ' .
in a more typical case , when [trying] a street arrest ‘ a hostile mob raised the cry of ‘ boot them ’ ’ against the police ' ; , in another , police [trying] to separate a man and woman who were quarrelling were ‘ set upon by a crowd of 200 persons , who called out ‘ boot them ’ ’ , and they were assaulted and kicked ' .

The legacy of the war was a powerful one , both for politicians and for the group of academics who were attempting to study the phenomena of international relations .
the legacy of the war was a powerful one , both for politicians and for the group of academics who were [trying] to study the phenomena of international relations .

If one is a tyrant and a bully , attempting to assert one 's authority , to dominate people , to humble those in one 's power , what does one accomplish by labelling a poor prophet a king ?
if one is a tyrant and a bully , [trying] to assert one 's authority , to dominate people , to humble those in one 's power , what does one accomplish by labelling a poor prophet a king ?

In the fifth century , the Pauline orthodoxy of Rome was still attempting to impose its hegemony over Egypt .
in the fifth century , the pauline orthodoxy of rome was still [trying] to impose its hegemony over egypt .

Clearly if users present for treatment in ‘ bad faith ’ , that is , they do not really want to try to come off but are being either coerced or attempting to deceive ‘ authority ’ , then it is unlikely treatment will succeed .
clearly if users present for treatment in ‘ bad faith ’ , that is , they do not really want to try to come off but are being either coerced or [trying] to deceive ‘ authority ’ , then it is unlikely treatment will succeed .

One possible way of attempting to establish the prevalence of dementia is via the analysis of death certificate data .
one possible way of [trying] to establish the prevalence of dementia is via the analysis of death certificate data .

In attempting to establish the prevalence of dementia a variety of different instruments have been used to identify the presence/absence of the condition .
in [trying] to establish the prevalence of dementia a variety of different instruments have been used to identify the presence/absence of the condition .

Second , as with the health care sector , the government is attempting to develop a market for social care by separating the responsibility for those who purchase care and those who provide care .
second , as with the health care sector , the government is [trying] to develop a market for social care by separating the responsibility for those who purchase care and those who provide care .

The first task in attempting to enumerate the extent and nature of informal care is to define what is meant by the term ‘ carer ’ .
the first task in [trying] to enumerate the extent and nature of informal care is to define what is meant by the term ‘ carer ’ .

Attempting to beat someone to a pulp would be described in these terms .
[trying] to beat someone to a pulp would be described in these terms .

After graduating from Sandhurst Military College with the coveted Sword of Honour he had first seen active duty in Korea where he suffered a serious leg injury while attempting to rescue a wounded colleague .
after graduating from sandhurst military college with the coveted sword of honour he had first seen active duty in korea where he suffered a serious leg injury while [trying] to rescue a wounded colleague .

In attempting to establish this confidence , perceived rather than actual abuses may need to be taken into account .
in [trying] to establish this confidence , perceived rather than actual abuses may need to be taken into account .

Our own view is that the costs to the economy of insider trading exceed the benefits , but it seems to be impossible to quantify either costs or benefits over any period of time … [ Alternatively ] do the economic benefits of attempting to prevent insider trading exceed the costs ?
our own view is that the costs to the economy of insider trading exceed the benefits , but it seems to be impossible to quantify either costs or benefits over any period of time … [ alternatively ] do the economic benefits of [trying] to prevent insider trading exceed the costs ?

From the foregoing discussion it is obvious that , as things currently stand , any person attempting to recover damages from an insider will , under s.62 as amended , face enormous difficulties in proving not only that a breach of the relevant insider dealing rule has actually occurred , but also that he has suffered a loss as a result of it .
from the foregoing discussion it is obvious that , as things currently stand , any person [trying] to recover damages from an insider will , under s.62 as amended , face enormous difficulties in proving not only that a breach of the relevant insider dealing rule has actually occurred , but also that he has suffered a loss as a result of it .

One difficulty in the prion theory is the existence of a species barrier found in experiments attempting transmission to a different animal species .
one difficulty in the prion theory is the existence of a species barrier found in experiments [trying] transmission to a different animal species .

The reconceptualisation which feminism is attempting has a direct and vital bearing on central philosophical issues , not only in political philosophy where it might have been expected , but also in epistemology , ontology , philosophy of mind , and ethics .
the reconceptualisation which feminism is [trying] has a direct and vital bearing on central philosophical issues , not only in political philosophy where it might have been expected , but also in epistemology , ontology , philosophy of mind , and ethics .

With managed floating there is a risk that speculators will suffer capital losses since the monetary authority is no longer attempting to defend a rigid par value , and so the exchange rate can move in either direction in response to market pressures .
with managed floating there is a risk that speculators will suffer capital losses since the monetary authority is no longer [trying] to defend a rigid par value , and so the exchange rate can move in either direction in response to market pressures .

‘ Harry ! ’ Nicholas 's voice checked him for a moment but when he turned he saw that the taxi driver was out of the cab and attempting to restrain him .
‘ harry ! ’ nicholas 's voice checked him for a moment but when he turned he saw that the taxi driver was out of the cab and [trying] to restrain him .

This has exciting theoretical consequences , for in trying to do this , feminist analyses are attempting to fill huge lacunae left by most economists and sociologists , including Marx .
this has exciting theoretical consequences , for in trying to do this , feminist analyses are [trying] to fill huge lacunae left by most economists and sociologists , including marx .

Moreover , even full citizenship is being devalued as the earnings-related supplements to short-term benefits disappeared in January 1982 , and the present administration is attempting , in the face of considerable opposition , to dismantle the sickness benefit scheme and pass responsibility for short periods of sickness on to employers .
moreover , even full citizenship is being devalued as the earnings-related supplements to short-term benefits disappeared in january 1982 , and the present administration is [trying] , in the face of considerable opposition , to dismantle the sickness benefit scheme and pass responsibility for short periods of sickness on to employers .

Freud 's theory is attempting to explain how religious rituals and beliefs started in human cultures in the first instance .
freud 's theory is [trying] to explain how religious rituals and beliefs started in human cultures in the first instance .

Edward began by attempting to exclude Stratford from the assembly , but failed in the face of support for the archbishop from the Earl of Arundel , Earl Warenne , and other lay magnates who shared their suspicion of those round the king .
edward began by [trying] to exclude stratford from the assembly , but failed in the face of support for the archbishop from the earl of arundel , earl warenne , and other lay magnates who shared their suspicion of those round the king .

He denied attempting to kidnap her and this charge was left on the file .
he denied [trying] to kidnap her and this charge was left on the file .

Allitt , 24 , has been convicted at Nottingham Crown Court of murdering four children at the hospital , attempting to murder three , and causing grievous bodily harm to six others .
allitt , 24 , has been convicted at nottingham crown court of murdering four children at the hospital , [trying] to murder three , and causing grievous bodily harm to six others .

Alec Saunders , said to live in accommodation at the Cut Maple Industrial Estate , near Sible Hedingham , denies charges of attempted murder and attempting to inflict grievous bodily harm .
alec saunders , said to live in accommodation at the cut maple industrial estate , near sible hedingham , denies charges of attempted murder and [trying] to inflict grievous bodily harm .

During the 1960s when three pop pirate ships were moored off Walton on the Naze hardly a week went by without the town 's lifeboat being called out to youngsters attempting to reach their idols in makeshift rafts , and rowing boats .
during the 1960s when three pop pirate ships were moored off walton on the naze hardly a week went by without the town 's lifeboat being called out to youngsters [trying] to reach their idols in makeshift rafts , and rowing boats .

Mark Piller , 22 , of Bailey Bridge Road is accused of attempting to murder Colin Cornelius , a 36-year-old man from a different address in the same road .
mark piller , 22 , of bailey bridge road is accused of [trying] to murder colin cornelius , a 36-year-old man from a different address in the same road .

Students want a rapid return of tests for three reasons : they like to feel that they are not being neglected and that correcting their work is considered important by the tutors ; they want to see the result of their attempts while they are still fresh from their memories and they need to see the results of tests before attempting the next one , since tutors may well make comments which will help them to improve .
students want a rapid return of tests for three reasons : they like to feel that they are not being neglected and that correcting their work is considered important by the tutors ; they want to see the result of their attempts while they are still fresh from their memories and they need to see the results of tests before [trying] the next one , since tutors may well make comments which will help them to improve .

The team is now breaking the basin apart , attempting to apply modern techniques , and posing new questions .
the team is now breaking the basin apart , [trying] to apply modern techniques , and posing new questions .

Any damage caused to service pipes or cables whilst clearing or attempting to clear a blockage is excluded .
any damage caused to service pipes or cables whilst clearing or [trying] to clear a blockage is excluded .

The Bank has decided to capitalise on short term difficulties by attempting to diminish staff terms and conditions .
the bank has decided to capitalise on short term difficulties by [trying] to diminish staff terms and conditions .

All members will have vivid recollections of the Banks ' huge publicity campaign , between January and May last year , attempting to sell Extended Opening Hours to both the Public and our members and the guarantees which accompanied this publicity .
all members will have vivid recollections of the banks ' huge publicity campaign , between january and may last year , [trying] to sell extended opening hours to both the public and our members and the guarantees which accompanied this publicity .

To add insult to injury members should be aware that the Banks are now attempting to re-write the settlement proposals of the dispute last year by claiming a right to earlier opening .
to add insult to injury members should be aware that the banks are now [trying] to re-write the settlement proposals of the dispute last year by claiming a right to earlier opening .

Basing our conclusions on the characteristics of boards that were successful in organising training , the following would appear important for boards attempting to make space for training :
basing our conclusions on the characteristics of boards that were successful in organising training , the following would appear important for boards [trying] to make space for training :

While archaeological survey and excavation directed by Dr Trevor Watkins and Caroline Wickham-Jones is beginning to uncover a complex , changing pattern of human settlement , palaeoenvironmental studies are attempting to draw a picture of the evolution of the local landscape .
while archaeological survey and excavation directed by dr trevor watkins and caroline wickham-jones is beginning to uncover a complex , changing pattern of human settlement , palaeoenvironmental studies are [trying] to draw a picture of the evolution of the local landscape .

Several photographs have been taken of children attempting to cross the road but , due to the darkness of the morning , are not very distinct .
several photographs have been taken of children [trying] to cross the road but , due to the darkness of the morning , are not very distinct .

He thought it more likely that the Doctor was an escaped madman , probably an entertainer from Bedlam , wandering around , attempting to persuade the world his madness was the truth of life .
he thought it more likely that the doctor was an escaped madman , probably an entertainer from bedlam , wandering around , [trying] to persuade the world his madness was the truth of life .

Blake closed his eyes but kept being kicked by the Doctor , attempting to escape from his bonds .
blake closed his eyes but kept being kicked by the doctor , [trying] to escape from his bonds .

Information was sought from other polytechnics-designate , and some other polytechnics — Sheffield , for example — were attempting similar plans in the late 1960s .
information was sought from other polytechnics-designate , and some other polytechnics — sheffield , for example — were [trying] similar plans in the late 1960s .

Rather than attempting to stifle mental conflict and to keep it from consciousness as would have been the trend in nineteenth and early twentieth-century culture , modern cultural trends instead encourage acting-out and expression of the conflict as being more ‘ healthy ’ than repression .
rather than [trying] to stifle mental conflict and to keep it from consciousness as would have been the trend in nineteenth and early twentieth-century culture , modern cultural trends instead encourage acting-out and expression of the conflict as being more ‘ healthy ’ than repression .

Some seek electoral popularity successfully by promising and attempting to cut public budgets and reduce taxation .
some seek electoral popularity successfully by promising and [trying] to cut public budgets and reduce taxation .

‘ Oh , that , ’ she said , attempting lightness .
‘ oh , that , ’ she said , [trying] lightness .

Most important of all , there 's no attempting to push your existing system beyond its designed capacity .
most important of all , there 's no [trying] to push your existing system beyond its designed capacity .

Given this background , medieval and Tudor kings recognized the necessity of accepting , and then attempting to exploit , the power of dominant local noblemen .
given this background , medieval and tudor kings recognized the necessity of accepting , and then [trying] to exploit , the power of dominant local noblemen .

Improved mechanical lithotripters that are often effective and reasonably cheap are now available and may reduce the temptation to cut too far when attempting removal of large stones .
improved mechanical lithotripters that are often effective and reasonably cheap are now available and may reduce the temptation to cut too far when [trying] removal of large stones .

One of the commonest mistakes is attempting to cut with too much wire inside the papilla , partly for fear of displacing the wire .
one of the commonest mistakes is [trying] to cut with too much wire inside the papilla , partly for fear of displacing the wire .

Walsingham and Knighton also attempted to blame Wyclif and the Lollards for propagating revolt , but this must be seen only as scaremongering by the established order in the Church , attempting to tar the socially conservative academic heretic with the brush of revolution .
walsingham and knighton also attempted to blame wyclif and the lollards for propagating revolt , but this must be seen only as scaremongering by the established order in the church , [trying] to tar the socially conservative academic heretic with the brush of revolution .

She informed her great-granddaughter that if she filed for a divorce she would take Andrew 's side and say that what he had done in taking a mistress and in finally attempting suicide was because she had never acted as a wife to him .
she informed her great-granddaughter that if she filed for a divorce she would take andrew 's side and say that what he had done in taking a mistress and in finally [trying] suicide was because she had never acted as a wife to him .

9–12 ( b ) he argues that , if the indifference curves shown related to ineligibles , then the utility gain from attempting to consume this good would be less than the utility gain from falsely claiming a cash transfer .
9–12 ( b ) he argues that , if the indifference curves shown related to ineligibles , then the utility gain from [trying] to consume this good would be less than the utility gain from falsely claiming a cash transfer .

She was not attempting to be provocative .
she was not [trying] to be provocative .

Attempting Password access to module : in package : 1105 Not all modules accessible .
[trying] password access to module : in package : 1105 not all modules accessible .

Attempting to reserve a package module name which already exists .
[trying] to reserve a package module name which already exists .

Before submitting the package for approval , the manager of the package can ensure that the package is in an ‘ approvable ’ condition , ( in a similar way to running the scanner before attempting to enter a module ) .
before submitting the package for approval , the manager of the package can ensure that the package is in an ‘ approvable ’ condition , ( in a similar way to running the scanner before [trying] to enter a module ) .

It is this entropy change which , along with the enthalpy change of the reaction , we must consider when attempting to predict whether a chemical reaction will proceed spontaneously or not .
it is this entropy change which , along with the enthalpy change of the reaction , we must consider when [trying] to predict whether a chemical reaction will proceed spontaneously or not .

Anomalies indicated by the large standard deviations in Table 5 for the larger time delays could be attributed to some of the subjects attempting to rehearse the letters using some mnemonic technique while performing the distractive task .
anomalies indicated by the large standard deviations in table 5 for the larger time delays could be attributed to some of the subjects [trying] to rehearse the letters using some mnemonic technique while performing the distractive task .

’ In the play there is the prostitute character who represents Suzannah in the sense that she modeled for Artemesia 's painting ; She is also a hint at Tassi 's own murky past — he was tried for attempting to murder his wife ( a prostitute'- proof of his duplicity since he would not have been able to marry Artemesia under any circumstance .
’ in the play there is the prostitute character who represents suzannah in the sense that she modeled for artemesia 's painting ; she is also a hint at tassi 's own murky past — he was tried for [trying] to murder his wife ( a prostitute'- proof of his duplicity since he would not have been able to marry artemesia under any circumstance .

For these women it seems to have been a breath of pure oxygen , heady with proposals for socialist-feminist action , at a time when Kinnockism is attempting to kill it off .
for these women it seems to have been a breath of pure oxygen , heady with proposals for socialist-feminist action , at a time when kinnockism is [trying] to kill it off .

It was made clear thoughout that Women for Socialism are not attempting to set the agenda for other women 's groups .
it was made clear thoughout that women for socialism are not [trying] to set the agenda for other women 's groups .

Attempting to disrupt the election , the Maoist Shining Path ( Sendero Luminoso ) guerrillas called `` armed strikes `` which were , however , only partially observed in the Andean highlands .
[trying] to disrupt the election , the maoist shining path ( sendero luminoso ) guerrillas called `` armed strikes `` which were , however , only partially observed in the andean highlands .

The unrest spread on June 6 to Kirghizia 's capital , Frunze , where student demonstrators demanded the dispatch of a volunteer force to protect the Kirghiz population in Osh , and threw stones at a senior Communist Party official attempting to address them , prompting the security forces to fire warning shots .
the unrest spread on june 6 to kirghizia 's capital , frunze , where student demonstrators demanded the dispatch of a volunteer force to protect the kirghiz population in osh , and threw stones at a senior communist party official [trying] to address them , prompting the security forces to fire warning shots .

The defendants , on trial in Sumatra , Jakarta and West Nusa Tenggara , were charged under the anti-subversion laws with attempting forcibly to replace Pancasila , the Indonesian secularist state ideology .
the defendants , on trial in sumatra , jakarta and west nusa tenggara , were charged under the anti-subversion laws with [trying] forcibly to replace pancasila , the indonesian secularist state ideology .

Attempting to regain control of the already unstable situation [ see p. 37307 ] , 85-year-old President Félix Houphouët-Boigny appealed to the French government for military assistance , citing a 1961 agreement with the former colonial power .
[trying] to regain control of the already unstable situation [ see p. 37307 ] , 85-year-old president félix houphouët-boigny appealed to the french government for military assistance , citing a 1961 agreement with the former colonial power .

In October 1989 the government had accused the right-wing opposition of attempting to provoke a military coup by organizing four days of demonstrations in the city of Guayaquil , Febres 's powerbase .
in october 1989 the government had accused the right-wing opposition of [trying] to provoke a military coup by organizing four days of demonstrations in the city of guayaquil , febres 's powerbase .

On Oct. 22 , 1989 , a Greek Air Force officer , Michalis Pavlis , was killed on the island of Lesbos while apparently attempting to plant a bomb in a building where Mitsotakis was due to speak .
on oct. 22 , 1989 , a greek air force officer , michalis pavlis , was killed on the island of lesbos while apparently [trying] to plant a bomb in a building where mitsotakis was due to speak .

The issue of Iraq 's military capability and long-term strategy remained to the fore during the rest of April with the emergence of British allegations that Baghdad was attempting to develop an enormous cannon , possibly with the intention of launching a satellite .
the issue of iraq 's military capability and long-term strategy remained to the fore during the rest of april with the emergence of british allegations that baghdad was [trying] to develop an enormous cannon , possibly with the intention of launching a satellite .

Although most of his final years were spent attempting to defend liberal precedents , those victories which the liberal minority did still achieve were due largely to his authority , intellect and tactical skill .
although most of his final years were spent [trying] to defend liberal precedents , those victories which the liberal minority did still achieve were due largely to his authority , intellect and tactical skill .

Meanwhile , commissions were attempting to finalize drafts of the various congress declarations , but dozens of contradictory amendments were being tabled by the various delegations .
meanwhile , commissions were [trying] to finalize drafts of the various congress declarations , but dozens of contradictory amendments were being tabled by the various delegations .

Ahead of the opening of a new Supreme Soviet session on Sept. 10 a working group of ministers and experts set up at the end of August had been attempting to synthesise two sets of proposals [ see p. 37663 ] .
ahead of the opening of a new supreme soviet session on sept. 10 a working group of ministers and experts set up at the end of august had been [trying] to synthesise two sets of proposals [ see p. 37663 ] .

There were , he said , currently only 3,850 people serving sentences in prisons and re-education centres for all types of offences ( roughly 1.2 per 1,000 population ) ; of these 83 had been convicted for attempting the violent overthrow of the state , the most serious political offence .
there were , he said , currently only 3,850 people serving sentences in prisons and re-education centres for all types of offences ( roughly 1.2 per 1,000 population ) ; of these 83 had been convicted for [trying] the violent overthrow of the state , the most serious political offence .

Andrus criticized the bill for its potential to turn the victim of a rape into a criminal , and objected to the role of outside activists attempting to exploit his state 's legendary conservatism .
andrus criticized the bill for its potential to turn the victim of a rape into a criminal , and objected to the role of outside activists [trying] to exploit his state 's legendary conservatism .

According to official reports the deaths of two civilians and one policeman occurred when police and Interior Ministry troops opened fire on an Uzbek mob which was attempting to storm local government buildings ; another 73 people , mostly members of the security forces , were injured .
according to official reports the deaths of two civilians and one policeman occurred when police and interior ministry troops opened fire on an uzbek mob which was [trying] to storm local government buildings ; another 73 people , mostly members of the security forces , were injured .

An Indian Airlines Airbus 320 crashed when attempting to land at Bangalore airport , south India , on Feb. 14 ; 92 of the 146 people aboard were killed .
an indian airlines airbus 320 crashed when [trying] to land at bangalore airport , south india , on feb. 14 ; 92 of the 146 people aboard were killed .

The hijackers , who told reporters that they had been attempting to gain publicity for the pro-democracy cause in Myanma , pleaded guilty in Bangkok Criminal Court on Jan. 30 , 1990 .
the hijackers , who told reporters that they had been [trying] to gain publicity for the pro-democracy cause in myanma , pleaded guilty in bangkok criminal court on jan. 30 , 1990 .

The teacher is not attempting to convert pupils to any particular belief , but to increase their insight into other ways of seeing `` ( Hay 1990 : 109 ) .
the teacher is not [trying] to convert pupils to any particular belief , but to increase their insight into other ways of seeing `` ( hay 1990 : 109 ) .

The approach states : Experiential learning uses the tools of phenomenology , in particular the device of bracketing out , or putting aside , our personal assumptions when attempting to understand the religious life of another person .
the approach states : experiential learning uses the tools of phenomenology , in particular the device of bracketing out , or putting aside , our personal assumptions when [trying] to understand the religious life of another person .

These four qualities or characteristics are only a beginning in attempting to say what spirituality is about .
these four qualities or characteristics are only a beginning in [trying] to say what spirituality is about .

Both are needed to convey a spherical world in two dimensions , for although they contradict each other at every point to some degree , yet together they correct and balance each other in attempting the impossible , i.e .
both are needed to convey a spherical world in two dimensions , for although they contradict each other at every point to some degree , yet together they correct and balance each other in [trying] the impossible , i.e .

He sees it as : a matter of individuals attempting , incompletely , to make sense of the total environment in which they find themselves and to respond rightly to it .
he sees it as : a matter of individuals [trying] , incompletely , to make sense of the total environment in which they find themselves and to respond rightly to it .

Even before the final settlement was reached , Montgomerie , disillusioned by William 's stalling tactics and by the fact that his own personal political ambitions had been frustrated , turned to plotting , attempting to build up an alliance of Club members and Jacobites who would be able to `` bring home King James in a Parliamentary way `` .
even before the final settlement was reached , montgomerie , disillusioned by william 's stalling tactics and by the fact that his own personal political ambitions had been frustrated , turned to plotting , [trying] to build up an alliance of club members and jacobites who would be able to `` bring home king james in a parliamentary way `` .

Nor is there anything to suggest that Gregory was attempting to create a new genre of national historiography , although his History is often , misleadingly , described as a history of the Franks .
nor is there anything to suggest that gregory was [trying] to create a new genre of national historiography , although his history is often , misleadingly , described as a history of the franks .

There is , however , one well-known case of a major state attempting to influence attitudes in another by this means .
there is , however , one well-known case of a major state [trying] to influence attitudes in another by this means .

In the end that is the same thing as Andrew Murray has been attempting to do since he joined the Tour in 1979 .
in the end that is the same thing as andrew murray has been [trying] to do since he joined the tour in 1979 .

The study puts both the Great Famine and the potato in the Irish diet into perspective whilst attempting a nutritional analysis of diet and dietary changes making use of modern nutritional techniques and also the relationship between dietary change and nutritional change and its effects on economic and social conditions .
the study puts both the great famine and the potato in the irish diet into perspective whilst [trying] a nutritional analysis of diet and dietary changes making use of modern nutritional techniques and also the relationship between dietary change and nutritional change and its effects on economic and social conditions .

Governments are attempting , for the first time , to regulate a major new industry before damage has been caused to people or the environment .
governments are [trying] , for the first time , to regulate a major new industry before damage has been caused to people or the environment .

Many local authorities are attempting to improve the economic prospects of their localities by encouraging the development and growth of small businesses .
many local authorities are [trying] to improve the economic prospects of their localities by encouraging the development and growth of small businesses .

In particular , many of them are attempting to raise the level of employment in the small business sector through the provision of financial assistance .
in particular , many of them are [trying] to raise the level of employment in the small business sector through the provision of financial assistance .

Two particular issues of which we take account in attempting to refine the simple hypotheses are , first , that any single technology is probably , of itself , not sufficiently important to affect firm performance to any large extent , and second , that potential adopters of new technology differ from each other in various important dimensions and thus the ‘ best ’ adoption date for one firm may differ considerably from the ‘ best ’ adoption date for another firm .
two particular issues of which we take account in [trying] to refine the simple hypotheses are , first , that any single technology is probably , of itself , not sufficiently important to affect firm performance to any large extent , and second , that potential adopters of new technology differ from each other in various important dimensions and thus the ‘ best ’ adoption date for one firm may differ considerably from the ‘ best ’ adoption date for another firm .

This has meant attempting to diversify energy imports with regard to the nature and the location of sources as well as achieving and maintaining the best possible balance between stability and flexibility in supply arrangements .
this has meant [trying] to diversify energy imports with regard to the nature and the location of sources as well as achieving and maintaining the best possible balance between stability and flexibility in supply arrangements .

There is now considerable overlap between what district councils are doing and what regional policy is attempting to achieve .
there is now considerable overlap between what district councils are doing and what regional policy is [trying] to achieve .

The project is consequently attempting to use other data for assessing change over time .
the project is consequently [trying] to use other data for assessing change over time .

How word meanings combine is a key question when attempting to account for the way discourse is understood .
how word meanings combine is a key question when [trying] to account for the way discourse is understood .

The problems which are likely to be encountered in attempting to mesh such divergent data are both technical and philosophical .
the problems which are likely to be encountered in [trying] to mesh such divergent data are both technical and philosophical .

Comparative education studies , in attempting to describe these contextual differences , have used international ideal-typical models to distinguish initially between national traditions .
comparative education studies , in [trying] to describe these contextual differences , have used international ideal-typical models to distinguish initially between national traditions .

The programme of education reforms currently being introduced by the British Government requires all state maintained schools to introduce more or less simultaneously several major innovations , together with any changes initiated by LEAs and by the schools , while attempting to maintain the quality of their ongoing work .
the programme of education reforms currently being introduced by the british government requires all state maintained schools to introduce more or less simultaneously several major innovations , together with any changes initiated by leas and by the schools , while [trying] to maintain the quality of their ongoing work .

Mini-rugby is the springboard for the game , and over 500 under 11s from various areas around the province are now in the process of attempting to reach this year 's 20-team climax at Branch headquarters .
mini-rugby is the springboard for the game , and over 500 under 11s from various areas around the province are now in the process of [trying] to reach this year 's 20-team climax at branch headquarters .

They were accused of making unwarranted demands for £10 per week from the two restaurant owners in South Belfast and attempting to stop them running their business by using force and making threats or demands .
they were accused of making unwarranted demands for £10 per week from the two restaurant owners in south belfast and [trying] to stop them running their business by using force and making threats or demands .

Both are attempting to put together player which might appeal to Ballymena boss Jim Hagan .
both are [trying] to put together player which might appeal to ballymena boss jim hagan .

Both regimes are also in a period of difficult political transition , the Northern regime attempting a form of hereditary socialist succession , and the Southern regime a peaceful transfer of power to a fully civilian government .
both regimes are also in a period of difficult political transition , the northern regime [trying] a form of hereditary socialist succession , and the southern regime a peaceful transfer of power to a fully civilian government .

He added that Mr O'Reilly had been a pharmacist for 42 years and was ‘ genuinely although misguidedly attempting to help people suffering from this terrible condition ’ .
he added that mr o'reilly had been a pharmacist for 42 years and was ‘ genuinely although misguidedly [trying] to help people suffering from this terrible condition ’ .

‘ Thereafter we were always chasing the match and late on we gave a try away after attempting to break out of defence . ’
‘ thereafter we were always chasing the match and late on we gave a try away after [trying] to break out of defence . ’

David Phillips ' shot from the right seemed to be well covered by Paul Gerrard until Henry , attempting to clear , only managed to head firmly into the ground , and the ball bounced agonizingly over the stranded Oldham keeper .
david phillips ' shot from the right seemed to be well covered by paul gerrard until henry , [trying] to clear , only managed to head firmly into the ground , and the ball bounced agonizingly over the stranded oldham keeper .

So much so in fact that 20 minutes into the second-half they led 16–12 before they eventually succumbed to a Malone scoring spree — gifting Malone two late tries after foolishly attempting to run poor quality ball from deep inside their own 25 .
so much so in fact that 20 minutes into the second-half they led 16–12 before they eventually succumbed to a malone scoring spree — gifting malone two late tries after foolishly [trying] to run poor quality ball from deep inside their own 25 .

All three are accused along with Andrew Tracey ( 21 ) , Robert Wood ( 29 ) and Andrew Oliver ( 24 ) of attempting to pervert the course of justice and obstructing police investigating the shooting incident .
all three are accused along with andrew tracey ( 21 ) , robert wood ( 29 ) and andrew oliver ( 24 ) of [trying] to pervert the course of justice and obstructing police investigating the shooting incident .

Davis forfeited it when he missed a red three times in succession attempting a thin , safety clip .
davis forfeited it when he missed a red three times in succession [trying] a thin , safety clip .

Aindow is accused of the attempted murder of Martin Peake and of attempting to pervert the course of justice and obstructing the investigating police .
aindow is accused of the attempted murder of martin peake and of [trying] to pervert the course of justice and obstructing the investigating police .

By attempting to discredit a few respected scientists in the eyes of the public they try to cast doubt upon the standing of the whole scientific community .
by [trying] to discredit a few respected scientists in the eyes of the public they try to cast doubt upon the standing of the whole scientific community .

The complexity of Scotland 's rocks and structure — both at the surface and at depth — and the large age range of geological Systems represented in Scotland 's rocks , give rise to questions which are of intrinsic interest to researchers attempting to unravel Scotland 's geological history .
the complexity of scotland 's rocks and structure — both at the surface and at depth — and the large age range of geological systems represented in scotland 's rocks , give rise to questions which are of intrinsic interest to researchers [trying] to unravel scotland 's geological history .

and hardware.intensive interfaces ( or possibly attempting a compromise between the extremes depicted in Figs .
and hardware.intensive interfaces ( or possibly [trying] a compromise between the extremes depicted in figs .

During this trial period a number of useful lessons were learned , not least of which was that we were correct in attempting to take on only one medium sized location and only progress after this had been successfully completed .
during this trial period a number of useful lessons were learned , not least of which was that we were correct in [trying] to take on only one medium sized location and only progress after this had been successfully completed .

We realise that we may be attempting to put a quart into the proverbial pint pot .
we realise that we may be [trying] to put a quart into the proverbial pint pot .

In attempting to incorporate the uncertainty principle into general relativity , one has only two quantities that can be adjusted .
in [trying] to incorporate the uncertainty principle into general relativity , one has only two quantities that can be adjusted .

She tried to smile , attempting to indicate that she knew it was n't his fault , that he had n't known what he was doing . ``
she tried to smile , [trying] to indicate that she knew it was n't his fault , that he had n't known what he was doing . ``

He began to whistle beneath his breath , a soft sound without a tune , as if he were attempting to imitate the rushing of wind through trees .
he began to whistle beneath his breath , a soft sound without a tune , as if he were [trying] to imitate the rushing of wind through trees .

There was another face then , which did n't have to be invented : a moustached face that had recently and endlessly appeared on the television news , the face of a man who was accused of battering to death the nanny of his children , of attempting to do the same to his wife . ``
there was another face then , which did n't have to be invented : a moustached face that had recently and endlessly appeared on the television news , the face of a man who was accused of battering to death the nanny of his children , of [trying] to do the same to his wife . ``

Cara had seen neither member of Frizingley 's force herself ; nor was she in the least surprised that two men armed only with truncheons should shirk from attempting to enforce their will upon St Jude 's .
cara had seen neither member of frizingley 's force herself ; nor was she in the least surprised that two men armed only with truncheons should shirk from [trying] to enforce their will upon st jude 's .

But when he had had the effrontery to go whining to the constable , attempting to get back the money for which he had , after all , sold his twisted little soul , no one in St Jude 's Street could remember seeing or hearing anything about the accident at all .
but when he had had the effrontery to go whining to the constable , [trying] to get back the money for which he had , after all , sold his twisted little soul , no one in st jude 's street could remember seeing or hearing anything about the accident at all .

‘ And you do ? ’ Flayed by his voice , she tilted her chin defiantly , attempting to look as though his scorn meant nothing to her , though in truth it cut deeper than knives .
‘ and you do ? ’ flayed by his voice , she tilted her chin defiantly , [trying] to look as though his scorn meant nothing to her , though in truth it cut deeper than knives .

The sudden movement caught her by surprise and she leaned back , attempting to slow down , only to find herself toppling over to land once more in the snow .
the sudden movement caught her by surprise and she leaned back , [trying] to slow down , only to find herself toppling over to land once more in the snow .

She was still in love with the man , and the knowledge threatened to crumble the defences she 'd been steadfastly attempting to rebuild all day .
she was still in love with the man , and the knowledge threatened to crumble the defences she 'd been steadfastly [trying] to rebuild all day .

But she had a better way of relaxing the tightness that started at the back of her neck and spread across the crown of her head than attempting sleep .
but she had a better way of relaxing the tightness that started at the back of her neck and spread across the crown of her head than [trying] sleep .

Imagine a drunken man attempting to walk across a large , empty car park .
imagine a drunken man [trying] to walk across a large , empty car park .

There was the building on the island of Birsay to visit , with Bishop Jon to explain the niceties of the church and of the hall , both of which were roofed and full of carpenters attempting to produce a cathedral and a palace in time for the celebration of Yule .
there was the building on the island of birsay to visit , with bishop jon to explain the niceties of the church and of the hall , both of which were roofed and full of carpenters [trying] to produce a cathedral and a palace in time for the celebration of yule .

Sadly , the creature drowned itself shortly after his visit by attempting to attack its own reflection in a bucket of water .
sadly , the creature drowned itself shortly after his visit by [trying] to attack its own reflection in a bucket of water .

The tiny parrot was a thrilling novelty , and before long every visitor to the Australian colonies was attempting to catch them and bring them back as souvenirs .
the tiny parrot was a thrilling novelty , and before long every visitor to the australian colonies was [trying] to catch them and bring them back as souvenirs .

In the process of attempting all this , the Shah inevitably attracted criticism .
in the process of [trying] all this , the shah inevitably attracted criticism .

The children Robert was attempting to teach were , although they did n't know it , the latest recruits to the mysterious section of English society known as the lower upper middle class .
the children robert was [trying] to teach were , although they did n't know it , the latest recruits to the mysterious section of english society known as the lower upper middle class .

In ways rather similar to Freud he argued that individualism and group differentiation stemmed less from macro processes and largely from individuals and small groups themselves attempting to assert personal identities .
in ways rather similar to freud he argued that individualism and group differentiation stemmed less from macro processes and largely from individuals and small groups themselves [trying] to assert personal identities .

Park , however , was not attempting a direct and obvious analogy between the workings of nature and those of human societies .
park , however , was not [trying] a direct and obvious analogy between the workings of nature and those of human societies .

Conceptualising , therefore , is best understood as the mental effort that people make in understanding their circumstances and attempting to find solutions to the practical problems and frustrations they find on a day-to-day basis .
conceptualising , therefore , is best understood as the mental effort that people make in understanding their circumstances and [trying] to find solutions to the practical problems and frustrations they find on a day-to-day basis .

Yet the Chicago School of Urban Sociology was attempting a specifically ‘ urban ’ theory of social change ; one applicable to the new times of a modernising , industrialising society .
yet the chicago school of urban sociology was [trying] a specifically ‘ urban ’ theory of social change ; one applicable to the new times of a modernising , industrialising society .

Yet this is of course only a very partial view of what these sociologists were attempting .
yet this is of course only a very partial view of what these sociologists were [trying] .

While the Chicago School certainly addressed the expressive order in problematic ways , their critics have thrown out the baby with the bathwater ; misinterpreting or misunderstanding what these sociologists were attempting .
while the chicago school certainly addressed the expressive order in problematic ways , their critics have thrown out the baby with the bathwater ; misinterpreting or misunderstanding what these sociologists were [trying] .

We have seen the Chicago School making the important distinction between the biotic and cultural levels of human behaviour , and we have seen them attempting to combine these understandings of individual and social behaviour in the study of the ‘ natural area ’ .
we have seen the chicago school making the important distinction between the biotic and cultural levels of human behaviour , and we have seen them [trying] to combine these understandings of individual and social behaviour in the study of the ‘ natural area ’ .

Children , having built up in the early stages of their lives an ‘ ego ideal ’ with whom they have had apparently satisfactory relationships , are for the rest of their lives attempting to transfer this ideal on to other people or organisations .
children , having built up in the early stages of their lives an ‘ ego ideal ’ with whom they have had apparently satisfactory relationships , are for the rest of their lives [trying] to transfer this ideal on to other people or organisations .

Unlike the Chicago School , for example , he was not attempting to construct an understanding of how distinct forms of ‘ natural area ’ were resulting from people 's search for identity .
unlike the chicago school , for example , he was not [trying] to construct an understanding of how distinct forms of ‘ natural area ’ were resulting from people 's search for identity .

It is still an important component of marriage settlements , and it is an element of prestige : it can give independence of employers and it is a security for a man attempting upward social mobility .
it is still an important component of marriage settlements , and it is an element of prestige : it can give independence of employers and it is a security for a man [trying] upward social mobility .

It is simultaneously the products of increasingly affluent individuals and households attempting to establish identity , uniqueness and esteem in their own eyes and those of others .
it is simultaneously the products of increasingly affluent individuals and households [trying] to establish identity , uniqueness and esteem in their own eyes and those of others .

State authorities attempting to regulate youth culture are seen as little more than parent substitutes .
state authorities [trying] to regulate youth culture are seen as little more than parent substitutes .

He was also attempting to persuade the Communist Party that they must better understand the primordial needs of the masses : the demand for personal security and sexuality .
he was also [trying] to persuade the communist party that they must better understand the primordial needs of the masses : the demand for personal security and sexuality .

The debate began with the Marxist commentator , Stuart Hall , attempting to explain the emergence and success of Thatcherism .
the debate began with the marxist commentator , stuart hall , [trying] to explain the emergence and success of thatcherism .

‘ Sir , ’ he said , in his precise , slow voice , ‘ under certain circumstances , compounds of the substances which you are attempting to combine may have a reaction in which , say , the sodium … ’ He did not get to the end of the sentence .
‘ sir , ’ he said , in his precise , slow voice , ‘ under certain circumstances , compounds of the substances which you are [trying] to combine may have a reaction in which , say , the sodium … ’ he did not get to the end of the sentence .

They have to deal with the attitudes to change found within the organisation , attempting to amplify positive attitudes and reduce negative ones .
they have to deal with the attitudes to change found within the organisation , [trying] to amplify positive attitudes and reduce negative ones .

In attempting to understand the organisation it is essential to realise that there is a trade-off between being simplistic and being practical .
in [trying] to understand the organisation it is essential to realise that there is a trade-off between being simplistic and being practical .

All that he could do would be to advise him strongly against resigning , and , as he had done when attempting to dissuade him from dissolving Parliament , back up his advice with a formal protest , allowing Baldwin to tell his colleagues that the King objected to the course he was taking .
all that he could do would be to advise him strongly against resigning , and , as he had done when [trying] to dissuade him from dissolving parliament , back up his advice with a formal protest , allowing baldwin to tell his colleagues that the king objected to the course he was taking .

In cases like this , a decorative object on the sill , like a plant , a single flower in a vase , a piece of old glass or china , a sculpture , a small lamp or candle , even a beautiful book , is often far better than attempting any sort of curtain .
in cases like this , a decorative object on the sill , like a plant , a single flower in a vase , a piece of old glass or china , a sculpture , a small lamp or candle , even a beautiful book , is often far better than [trying] any sort of curtain .

If you are in the happy position of being able to plan your kitchen from scratch , rather than attempting to revamp existing layouts and equipment , it is worth giving the matter considerable thought .
if you are in the happy position of being able to plan your kitchen from scratch , rather than [trying] to revamp existing layouts and equipment , it is worth giving the matter considerable thought .

Then a group called ‘ Mothers in the Majority ’ accused the Christabel Focus of lesbian activity — not without some justification — in front of the children ; Ellen accused Bernard of being anti-feminist , and attempting to ghettoize ethnic minorities ; he accused her of racism and white elitism .
then a group called ‘ mothers in the majority ’ accused the christabel focus of lesbian activity — not without some justification — in front of the children ; ellen accused bernard of being anti-feminist , and [trying] to ghettoize ethnic minorities ; he accused her of racism and white elitism .

Second , in the presence of such a pre-commitment , Boeing may conclude that there is no point attempting a price war to try to force Airbus out .
second , in the presence of such a pre-commitment , boeing may conclude that there is no point [trying] a price war to try to force airbus out .

The quarry must needs have ridden steeply uphill if they were to gain the cover of the trees , and he saw that they were not even attempting it , but climbing only very obliquely towards shelter , preferring to gain distance on the level .
the quarry must needs have ridden steeply uphill if they were to gain the cover of the trees , and he saw that they were not even [trying] it , but climbing only very obliquely towards shelter , preferring to gain distance on the level .

They would not normally have dreamed of attempting to get him into or out of the house except under cover of darkness ; but now there was no certainty that they would have even one night of grace .
they would not normally have dreamed of [trying] to get him into or out of the house except under cover of darkness ; but now there was no certainty that they would have even one night of grace .

It would be beneficial to know the ‘ best ’ grammatical category for any particular word when attempting to determine the probable parse to assign to a sequence of words .
it would be beneficial to know the ‘ best ’ grammatical category for any particular word when [trying] to determine the probable parse to assign to a sequence of words .

He cuffed the woman on the head , attempting to drag her back into the doorway .
he cuffed the woman on the head , [trying] to drag her back into the doorway .

He saw that a tall young man , dressed in the uniform of a lower-class masher — check trousers , brown bowler , shiny brown boots , and huge moustache — had a girl pinned against the wall of one of the office buildings , and was attempting to kiss her — or worse .
he saw that a tall young man , dressed in the uniform of a lower-class masher — check trousers , brown bowler , shiny brown boots , and huge moustache — had a girl pinned against the wall of one of the office buildings , and was [trying] to kiss her — or worse .

Dr Neil Cochrane was engaged in one of the worst tasks a doctor had to face : attempting to save the life of a young girl and the child she was trying to bear , after earlier neglect and mismanagement from the moment the birth had begun .
dr neil cochrane was engaged in one of the worst tasks a doctor had to face : [trying] to save the life of a young girl and the child she was trying to bear , after earlier neglect and mismanagement from the moment the birth had begun .

He was suddenly a doctor before all else , remembering other women he had seen , and tried to examine , victims of a brutal assault , who had been unable to bear a man near them , let alone a man attempting to make love to them , and a score of odd things about her behaviour , hardly noticed at the time , fell into place .
he was suddenly a doctor before all else , remembering other women he had seen , and tried to examine , victims of a brutal assault , who had been unable to bear a man near them , let alone a man [trying] to make love to them , and a score of odd things about her behaviour , hardly noticed at the time , fell into place .

But if they do n't like hill life — and many do n't — they 're beaten and tortured for attempting to return .
but if they do n't like hill life — and many do n't — they 're beaten and tortured for [trying] to return .

He also bought a couple of helicopters for transport when he was attempting to win a seat to the Nigerian senate — in the days when Nigeria still had elections .
he also bought a couple of helicopters for transport when he was [trying] to win a seat to the nigerian senate — in the days when nigeria still had elections .

He must tighten that clause and accept the argument that he claimed to be attempting to grasp , which is to target the offence on violent offenders .
he must tighten that clause and accept the argument that he claimed to be [trying] to grasp , which is to target the offence on violent offenders .

We need more police officers , urgent changes to sentencing policy and an end to the nonesense whereby attempting to steal a car and attempting to drive while disqualified are no longer arrestable offences .
we need more police officers , urgent changes to sentencing policy and an end to the nonesense whereby [trying] to steal a car and [trying] to drive while disqualified are no longer arrestable offences .

If the hon. Member for Hammersmith ( Mr. Soley ) and his Labour colleagues around the country , who control far more houses than the Government , showed even a tiny percentage of the indignation that he is now attempting to express about empty houses in Swindon in relation to the 5,000 empty houses in Labour-controlled Liverpool , the 2,800 in Labour-controlled Salford , the 2,000 in Labour-controlled Newham , the 5,500 in Labour-controlled Manchester , the 2,000 in Labour-controlled Newcastle , the 1,000 in Labour-controlled Knowsley , and so on —
if the hon. member for hammersmith ( mr. soley ) and his labour colleagues around the country , who control far more houses than the government , showed even a tiny percentage of the indignation that he is now [trying] to express about empty houses in swindon in relation to the 5,000 empty houses in labour-controlled liverpool , the 2,800 in labour-controlled salford , the 2,000 in labour-controlled newham , the 5,500 in labour-controlled manchester , the 2,000 in labour-controlled newcastle , the 1,000 in labour-controlled knowsley , and so on —

It is interesting to note that , in attempting to answer the questions at Maastricht , most of our Community partners said that they wanted to go faster and further forward .
it is interesting to note that , in [trying] to answer the questions at maastricht , most of our community partners said that they wanted to go faster and further forward .

Enrolled or second-level nurses are especially vulnerable when attempting to convert to first-level registration .
enrolled or second-level nurses are especially vulnerable when [trying] to convert to first-level registration .

The Minister is attempting to paint a comprehensive picture of what those in industry and commerce in Northern Ireland say about the privatisation , but what about the views of the Northern Ireland Economic Council ?
the minister is [trying] to paint a comprehensive picture of what those in industry and commerce in northern ireland say about the privatisation , but what about the views of the northern ireland economic council ?

He was laboriously attempting to sort out the financial details of the scheme he had put to Christian .
he was laboriously [trying] to sort out the financial details of the scheme he had put to christian .

He was found guilty of attempting to murder an Ulster Defence Regiment man .
he was found guilty of [trying] to murder an ulster defence regiment man .

Does the Minister agree that the performance of Labour councils attempting to collect the uncollectable in the face of the unspeakable is responsible for this dilemma ?
does the minister agree that the performance of labour councils [trying] to collect the uncollectable in the face of the unspeakable is responsible for this dilemma ?

Dounreay has been attempting to fill a gap in the international market which has appeared since the United States energy department decided in 1989 to ban the import of research reactor fuel pending an environmental assessment .
dounreay has been [trying] to fill a gap in the international market which has appeared since the united states energy department decided in 1989 to ban the import of research reactor fuel pending an environmental assessment .

According to press reports , Dounreay is attempting to build up its foreign business to £25 million .
according to press reports , dounreay is [trying] to build up its foreign business to £25 million .

Gentleman was trying to be a lawyer and attempting to make me read out on the floor of the House a document that he wanted me to table .
gentleman was trying to be a lawyer and [trying] to make me read out on the floor of the house a document that he wanted me to table .

He thinks that he can lure me into making a statement that will have him attempting to give a poor man 's reading of ’ Erskine May ’ and saying that he wants me to lay the document before the House .
he thinks that he can lure me into making a statement that will have him [trying] to give a poor man 's reading of ’ erskine may ’ and saying that he wants me to lay the document before the house .

By talking about Renaissance texts , or more accurately texts produced during a period defined by current readers as the Renaissance , we are attempting to provide a type of structure ( how language operated in a defined period ) which deconstruction , in some purist sense , would argue is to miss the point of how language acts as a supplement .
by talking about renaissance texts , or more accurately texts produced during a period defined by current readers as the renaissance , we are [trying] to provide a type of structure ( how language operated in a defined period ) which deconstruction , in some purist sense , would argue is to miss the point of how language acts as a supplement .

There may be a restrictiveness in the range of cultural structures illuminated , but attempting to determine at least some of the cultural webs which emerged during the Renaissance and trying to discover why they were spun indicates the dynamism of cultural representation .
there may be a restrictiveness in the range of cultural structures illuminated , but [trying] to determine at least some of the cultural webs which emerged during the renaissance and trying to discover why they were spun indicates the dynamism of cultural representation .

We should distinguish between Ben Jonson 's desire to confirm his authority over his Workes — collecting and seeing texts through the press , attempting to control what was ascribed to him and how these texts were to be viewed , even trying to restrict his readership — and circumstances where such authorial interventions are absent .
we should distinguish between ben jonson 's desire to confirm his authority over his workes — collecting and seeing texts through the press , [trying] to control what was ascribed to him and how these texts were to be viewed , even trying to restrict his readership — and circumstances where such authorial interventions are absent .

One is attempting to discover what was the intention of the parties at the time they made the contract .
one is [trying] to discover what was the intention of the parties at the time they made the contract .

In attempting to specify the features of a viable socialist economy we are not embarking on entirely uncharted water , though there are surprisingly few texts on which to draw , given the size and long history of the Western socialist movements .
in [trying] to specify the features of a viable socialist economy we are not embarking on entirely uncharted water , though there are surprisingly few texts on which to draw , given the size and long history of the western socialist movements .

[ … ] In the course of attempting to account for such market phenomena as quality differentiation , advertising , or markets in which few producers are to be found [ … ] neo-classical theories were led to conclusions which grossly misinterpret the significance of these phenomena .
[ … ] in the course of [trying] to account for such market phenomena as quality differentiation , advertising , or markets in which few producers are to be found [ … ] neo-classical theories were led to conclusions which grossly misinterpret the significance of these phenomena .

The efficiency thesis should also be contrasted with the ‘ inhospitality tradition ’ of attempting to explain non-conventional institutions in the commercial world in terms of efforts to enhance monopoly power .
the efficiency thesis should also be contrasted with the ‘ inhospitality tradition ’ of [trying] to explain non-conventional institutions in the commercial world in terms of efforts to enhance monopoly power .

This will now tell you where to make the hole without attempting to drill through a joist .
this will now tell you where to make the hole without [trying] to drill through a joist .

Check with neighbours that they have n't got the same problem something could be wrong with the main sewer-before attempting to unblock your own drains .
check with neighbours that they have n't got the same problem something could be wrong with the main sewer-before [trying] to unblock your own drains .

Hitching a ride , or attempting to .
hitching a ride , or [trying] to .

Waves slap maliciously at the armoured barnacle clusters , attempting to wrench the resident seaweed back to a deeper grave .
waves slap maliciously at the armoured barnacle clusters , [trying] to wrench the resident seaweed back to a deeper grave .

No index is shown here , but this would be the last stage in the compilation of the scheme ; besides attempting to classify some items by the scheme , the index serves to check the scheme 's likely effectiveness .
no index is shown here , but this would be the last stage in the compilation of the scheme ; besides [trying] to classify some items by the scheme , the index serves to check the scheme 's likely effectiveness .

It now seems more fruitful to many political scientists and sociologists to concentrate their analysis upon the political structure and processes of change within fairly well defined types of political system — tribal societies , city-states , bureaucratic empires and other imperial regimes , absolutist states , socialist or capitalist industrial states , and so on — without attempting to locate them in some all-embracing historical scheme .
it now seems more fruitful to many political scientists and sociologists to concentrate their analysis upon the political structure and processes of change within fairly well defined types of political system — tribal societies , city-states , bureaucratic empires and other imperial regimes , absolutist states , socialist or capitalist industrial states , and so on — without [trying] to locate them in some all-embracing historical scheme .

The constant references to … to what you believe of me — ’ Maria halted fleetingly , abandoning the pointless once more , and then said the only thing he really needed to hear , simply and directly , without attempting to clothe it in sophistication .
the constant references to … to what you believe of me — ’ maria halted fleetingly , abandoning the pointless once more , and then said the only thing he really needed to hear , simply and directly , without [trying] to clothe it in sophistication .

To the extent that they are thus led to perform well this is obviously desirable ; the problem is that , in attempting to avoid noticeable mistakes , they ignore the costs that must be borne by the public .
to the extent that they are thus led to perform well this is obviously desirable ; the problem is that , in [trying] to avoid noticeable mistakes , they ignore the costs that must be borne by the public .

Even as she said it , she recognised what she was doing — attempting to put some distance between them by drawing in her daughter , as a shield .
even as she said it , she recognised what she was doing — [trying] to put some distance between them by drawing in her daughter , as a shield .

When attempting to explain market behaviour , the rational expectations hypothesis will be valid in such cases .
when [trying] to explain market behaviour , the rational expectations hypothesis will be valid in such cases .

To put that another way : imagine an economist attempting to estimate a model of real output in this economy .
to put that another way : imagine an economist [trying] to estimate a model of real output in this economy .

We must now try to bring together all this information in the assignment of the spectrum of a more complex molecule , attempting at the same time to come to some definite conclusions about its structure .
we must now try to bring together all this information in the assignment of the spectrum of a more complex molecule , [trying] at the same time to come to some definite conclusions about its structure .

The solution in the finite horizon case is not entirely general because of the endpoint problems which arise when attempting to solve the relation ( 7 ) for a sequence Ct .
the solution in the finite horizon case is not entirely general because of the endpoint problems which arise when [trying] to solve the relation ( 7 ) for a sequence ct .

In practical terms this means that attempting to elicit more luminescence from a mineral by simply increasing beam power can have the reverse effect if the saturation level is exceeded .
in practical terms this means that [trying] to elicit more luminescence from a mineral by simply increasing beam power can have the reverse effect if the saturation level is exceeded .

It suggested that the Youth Service should be attempting to meet the ‘ crucial social needs ’ of the 11–20 age group , especially the unemployed , the handicapped , girls and young women , and ethnic minorities .
it suggested that the youth service should be [trying] to meet the ‘ crucial social needs ’ of the 11–20 age group , especially the unemployed , the handicapped , girls and young women , and ethnic minorities .

In 1763 that of Toulouse placed the Governor of Languedoc under arrest merely because he had done his duty by attempting to collect new taxation ordered by the government ; while for several years in the 1760s Brittany was convulsed by a violent conflict between its Governor , the Duc d'Aiguillon , and the Parlement of Rennes , over the same issue .
in 1763 that of toulouse placed the governor of languedoc under arrest merely because he had done his duty by [trying] to collect new taxation ordered by the government ; while for several years in the 1760s brittany was convulsed by a violent conflict between its governor , the duc d'aiguillon , and the parlement of rennes , over the same issue .

When Galileo compared the rate of fall of different materials he was attempting to answer a fundamental question : he wanted to know whether the gravitational attraction on different materials was the same .
when galileo compared the rate of fall of different materials he was [trying] to answer a fundamental question : he wanted to know whether the gravitational attraction on different materials was the same .

The difficulty of interpreting results of written tests , the time-consuming nature of individual interviews , and uncertainty about the task which the pupil is actually attempting to solve , have also been discussed under the heading ‘ Diagnostic assessment ’ .
the difficulty of interpreting results of written tests , the time-consuming nature of individual interviews , and uncertainty about the task which the pupil is actually [trying] to solve , have also been discussed under the heading ‘ diagnostic assessment ’ .

While most of the fliers were quietly attempting to raise their kites as high as possible into the heavens , some of the boys were engaged in battles with their neighbours .
while most of the fliers were quietly [trying] to raise their kites as high as possible into the heavens , some of the boys were engaged in battles with their neighbours .

Delamont and Galton ( 1987 ) think that arts teachers may be attempting to overcome the low esteem in which their work is held by other teachers by adopting even more rigorous practices of pupil work assignment and evaluation than is to be observed in the practices of teachers in other areas of study thereby establishing their academic credibility .
delamont and galton ( 1987 ) think that arts teachers may be [trying] to overcome the low esteem in which their work is held by other teachers by adopting even more rigorous practices of pupil work assignment and evaluation than is to be observed in the practices of teachers in other areas of study thereby establishing their academic credibility .

Indeed , it is an educational paradox that at present ‘ free choice in a co-educational system can place boys and girls at a disadvantage in attempting to realize their personal potential ; in addition , such ‘ choice ’ can place girls at a disadvantage in obtaining challenging employment , through their subject ‘ options ’ .
indeed , it is an educational paradox that at present ‘ free choice in a co-educational system can place boys and girls at a disadvantage in [trying] to realize their personal potential ; in addition , such ‘ choice ’ can place girls at a disadvantage in obtaining challenging employment , through their subject ‘ options ’ .

From the above brief outline of work attempting to get to grips with the character of aesthetic response it can be seen that it is both complex and ‘ multi-layered ’ , a term used by Greger ( 1972 ) to describe how multiple meanings come to attain a feeling of significance by being grasped at the threshold of consciousness .
from the above brief outline of work [trying] to get to grips with the character of aesthetic response it can be seen that it is both complex and ‘ multi-layered ’ , a term used by greger ( 1972 ) to describe how multiple meanings come to attain a feeling of significance by being grasped at the threshold of consciousness .

When she looked back at the window there was the face again ; but it was attempting now to smile .
when she looked back at the window there was the face again ; but it was [trying] now to smile .

Transhumance needs to be acknowledged as a factor when attempting to understand the functioning of any settlement or parish under study .
transhumance needs to be acknowledged as a factor when [trying] to understand the functioning of any settlement or parish under study .

The centre of the group was Wattling , perched on a chair surrounded by his admiring peers , and attempting to sing ‘ Doh , a deer , a female deer ’ — revealing , in the attempt , conspicuous deficiencies in his knowledge of the tonic sol-fa .
the centre of the group was wattling , perched on a chair surrounded by his admiring peers , and [trying] to sing ‘ doh , a deer , a female deer ’ — revealing , in the attempt , conspicuous deficiencies in his knowledge of the tonic sol-fa .

Six Broadstairs matrons attempting to shop at Marchesi 's the confectioners , two errand boys buying bloaters from Mr Goodman the fishmonger , a few afternoon revellers strolling out from the Dolphin Inn and an eager group from the Tourist Cycling Club staying at the Balmoral Bijou Hotel found themselves swept along with the crowd as they pursued their leaders down Harbour Street under the ancient York Gate ( which being without specific Dickensian associations hardly received a glance ) .
six broadstairs matrons [trying] to shop at marchesi 's the confectioners , two errand boys buying bloaters from mr goodman the fishmonger , a few afternoon revellers strolling out from the dolphin inn and an eager group from the tourist cycling club staying at the balmoral bijou hotel found themselves swept along with the crowd as they pursued their leaders down harbour street under the ancient york gate ( which being without specific dickensian associations hardly received a glance ) .

She used to ask my mother too , endlessly attempting to work upon her soft-heartedness , whenever she so much as had a headache .
she used to ask my mother too , endlessly [trying] to work upon her soft-heartedness , whenever she so much as had a headache .

‘ Listen , my dear , ’ she said to Alexandra , summoned flushed and impatient from the orchard where she had been settling her new charges in and attempting , as tactfully as possible , to exclude Murphy from the process , ‘ Mrs Langley says George is heartened beyond anything by your visit .
‘ listen , my dear , ’ she said to alexandra , summoned flushed and impatient from the orchard where she had been settling her new charges in and [trying] , as tactfully as possible , to exclude murphy from the process , ‘ mrs langley says george is heartened beyond anything by your visit .

The Communists , critics argued , were merely in search of political stability , and security and were not attempting a world takeover .
the communists , critics argued , were merely in search of political stability , and security and were not [trying] a world takeover .

This discourages people from taking pride in the area and attempting to improve their environment .
this discourages people from taking pride in the area and [trying] to improve their environment .

Don Cribb from Systems and Equipment Engineering Department , was attempting his first London Marathon .
don cribb from systems and equipment engineering department , was [trying] his first london marathon .

Sarah , 27 , was attempting her first marathon , but admits it has given her the ‘ bug ’ .
sarah , 27 , was [trying] her first marathon , but admits it has given her the ‘ bug ’ .

As in the Statute of Labourers in England immediately following the Black Death , a ruling class was attempting to reassert control in a situation where its grip had been temporarily shaken and labour shortage threatened .
as in the statute of labourers in england immediately following the black death , a ruling class was [trying] to reassert control in a situation where its grip had been temporarily shaken and labour shortage threatened .

He appeared and re-appeared snapping everything that moved or did n't — such as the bowler whose fingers got stuck in the three finger holes when attempting to launch .
he appeared and re-appeared snapping everything that moved or did n't — such as the bowler whose fingers got stuck in the three finger holes when [trying] to launch .

For those students wishing to develop skills in Microbiology it is recommended that , before attempting the Stage 2 modules in Microbiology , the following modules are achieved :
for those students wishing to develop skills in microbiology it is recommended that , before [trying] the stage 2 modules in microbiology , the following modules are achieved :

Even if subjects are deliberately attempting to recall the risky situations it would still be interesting that they are able to do so in a way that makes them distinct from all the other situations encountered .
even if subjects are deliberately [trying] to recall the risky situations it would still be interesting that they are able to do so in a way that makes them distinct from all the other situations encountered .

If the subject does not know the junction and is attempting to decide how risky it is likely to be in other circumstances it would make sense to extrapolate from the information in the film to decide for example how busy the junction generally is , or to simply generalize from their current feelings of risk .
if the subject does not know the junction and is [trying] to decide how risky it is likely to be in other circumstances it would make sense to extrapolate from the information in the film to decide for example how busy the junction generally is , or to simply generalize from their current feelings of risk .

It was suggested in discussing the results from the first study that subjects may have been deliberately attempting to recall just the risky situations .
it was suggested in discussing the results from the first study that subjects may have been deliberately [trying] to recall just the risky situations .

In attempting to understand the imperial question we need to bear in mind the complexity of relations between the princes , especially the lay princes .
in [trying] to understand the imperial question we need to bear in mind the complexity of relations between the princes , especially the lay princes .

The complexity of Scotland 's rocks and structure — both at the surface and at depth — and the large age range of geological Systems represented in Scotland 's rocks , give rise to questions which are of intrinsic interest to researchers attempting to unravel Scotland 's geological history .
the complexity of scotland 's rocks and structure — both at the surface and at depth — and the large age range of geological systems represented in scotland 's rocks , give rise to questions which are of intrinsic interest to researchers [trying] to unravel scotland 's geological history .

Conversely , if restrictions on access and use are too draconian , this may discourage potential beneficiaries of the research from attempting consultations through the library system .
conversely , if restrictions on access and use are too draconian , this may discourage potential beneficiaries of the research from [trying] consultations through the library system .

Caution should be exercised in attempting to generalise too widely from the conclusions developed here , because of international differences in definition , content , and use , of the research thesis .
caution should be exercised in [trying] to generalise too widely from the conclusions developed here , because of international differences in definition , content , and use , of the research thesis .

Until the Three Mile Island nuclear accident , Harrisburg , Pennsylvania , was notorious only for the earliest perpetration of a `` straw poll `` attempting to predict the outcome of the 1924 presidential election .
until the three mile island nuclear accident , harrisburg , pennsylvania , was notorious only for the earliest perpetration of a `` straw poll `` [trying] to predict the outcome of the 1924 presidential election .

There are , of course , ways of attempting to counteract this excessive individualism of the survey .
there are , of course , ways of [trying] to counteract this excessive individualism of the survey .

The police account was that Garcia was shot while struggling with officers who were attempting to disarm him .
the police account was that garcia was shot while struggling with officers who were [trying] to disarm him .

Issued 46 years after the war 's end , the apology was seen as part of an on-going process whereby Japan was attempting to improve its relationship with its neighbours in order to enable it to play a diplomatic and political role within the region which was commensurate with its economic power .
issued 46 years after the war 's end , the apology was seen as part of an on-going process whereby japan was [trying] to improve its relationship with its neighbours in order to enable it to play a diplomatic and political role within the region which was commensurate with its economic power .

The positive intervention by the military occurred after a meeting earlier in the month with United States Defence Department officials who warned the military against attempting to seek authoritarian solutions .
the positive intervention by the military occurred after a meeting earlier in the month with united states defence department officials who warned the military against [trying] to seek authoritarian solutions .

Ung Phan had served as Minister of Communications , Transport and Posts until his arrest in mid-1990 for attempting to establish a new , liberal political party in Cambodia [ see pp .
ung phan had served as minister of communications , transport and posts until his arrest in mid-1990 for [trying] to establish a new , liberal political party in cambodia [ see pp .

After attempting to defend ministers who had been hesitant in their support of the coup , Gorbachev agreed that the whole Cabinet should resign , and that the new Prime Minister should be a Russian — possibly Silayev .
after [trying] to defend ministers who had been hesitant in their support of the coup , gorbachev agreed that the whole cabinet should resign , and that the new prime minister should be a russian — possibly silayev .

Baker , who described his role in the talks as attempting to impress upon the Iraqi government the determination of the 28-country coalition to eject Iraqi forces from Kuwait , said that he had `` heard nothing which showed any Iraqi flexibility whatever `` .
baker , who described his role in the talks as [trying] to impress upon the iraqi government the determination of the 28-country coalition to eject iraqi forces from kuwait , said that he had `` heard nothing which showed any iraqi flexibility whatever `` .

The increase coincided with the escalation of pro-democracy protests and with political reform , and there were reports that border guards were no longer shooting on sight people caught attempting to cross the heavily fortified frontier .
the increase coincided with the escalation of pro-democracy protests and with political reform , and there were reports that border guards were no longer shooting on sight people caught [trying] to cross the heavily fortified frontier .

On June 22 a Berlin court acquitted four former East German border guards accused of attempting to kill a man who had been shot and wounded when trying to escape over the Berlin Wall in 1971 .
on june 22 a berlin court acquitted four former east german border guards accused of [trying] to kill a man who had been shot and wounded when trying to escape over the berlin wall in 1971 .

While attempting to deliver a lecture on `` guidance for student life `` , Chung was seized by some 500 students and dragged around the campus for 30 minutes , during which time he was kicked , punched and pelted with eggs and flour .
while [trying] to deliver a lecture on `` guidance for student life `` , chung was seized by some 500 students and dragged around the campus for 30 minutes , during which time he was kicked , punched and pelted with eggs and flour .

He subsequently accused them of attempting to blackmail the government , and threatened to place their operations under military control if they attempted further action .
he subsequently accused them of [trying] to blackmail the government , and threatened to place their operations under military control if they attempted further action .

There had been press reports in early October that a group of fanatical Jewish extremists , the Temple Mount Faithful , planned to mark the Jewish festival of Succoth ( Tabernacles ) on Oct. 8 by attempting to lay a cornerstone for a new Temple .
there had been press reports in early october that a group of fanatical jewish extremists , the temple mount faithful , planned to mark the jewish festival of succoth ( tabernacles ) on oct. 8 by [trying] to lay a cornerstone for a new temple .

Some conservative councils were reportedly attempting to circumvent the non-racial regulations by charging high entrance fees for facilities including libraries and swimming pools , or by declaring township dwellers to be non-residents and therefore ineligible .
some conservative councils were reportedly [trying] to circumvent the non-racial regulations by charging high entrance fees for facilities including libraries and swimming pools , or by declaring township dwellers to be non-residents and therefore ineligible .

In the weeks of intense political feuding before the poll the hard-liners had accused the government and sections of the religious establishment , including the country 's spiritual leader , Ayatollah Ali Khamenei , of attempting to purge them from positions of influence .
in the weeks of intense political feuding before the poll the hard-liners had accused the government and sections of the religious establishment , including the country 's spiritual leader , ayatollah ali khamenei , of [trying] to purge them from positions of influence .

On May 28 four people were killed when a demonstration in Freetown by students in support of teachers ' demands was broken up by police after a police station had been stoned ; earlier a meeting attempting to establish an independent teachers ' union was also broken up by the authorities .
on may 28 four people were killed when a demonstration in freetown by students in support of teachers ' demands was broken up by police after a police station had been stoned ; earlier a meeting [trying] to establish an independent teachers ' union was also broken up by the authorities .

The firms were also accused of subsequently attempting to conceal the payments which , although not illegal , violated the non-binding guidelines of the Ministry of Finance which had been in effect since December 1989 .
the firms were also accused of subsequently [trying] to conceal the payments which , although not illegal , violated the non-binding guidelines of the ministry of finance which had been in effect since december 1989 .

Traoré and his wife Mariam were arrested by soldiers at a military air base near Bamako in the early hours of March 26 , apparently attempting to leave the country .
traoré and his wife mariam were arrested by soldiers at a military air base near bamako in the early hours of march 26 , apparently [trying] to leave the country .

By late September the government was attempting to negotiate with the rebels through local community leaders , and about 90 people taken hostage in the north were subsequently returned to N'Djamena .
by late september the government was [trying] to negotiate with the rebels through local community leaders , and about 90 people taken hostage in the north were subsequently returned to n'djamena .

He condemned the action and claimed that organizations such as the Black Panthers were `` attempting to increase terrorist activity in parallel with the peace process `` .
he condemned the action and claimed that organizations such as the black panthers were `` [trying] to increase terrorist activity in parallel with the peace process `` .

The case involved Jose Tamayo-Reyes , a Cuban immigrant , who was attempting to challenge his no-contest plea to manslaughter charges , on the grounds that he had not understood the meaning of the term manslaughter .
the case involved jose tamayo-reyes , a cuban immigrant , who was [trying] to challenge his no-contest plea to manslaughter charges , on the grounds that he had not understood the meaning of the term manslaughter .

The attack left 13 dead : 11 Coptic Christians , and two Moslems reportedly killed by the gunmen for attempting to defend their Coptic neighbours .
the attack left 13 dead : 11 coptic christians , and two moslems reportedly killed by the gunmen for [trying] to defend their coptic neighbours .

Attempting unsuccessfully to repeat his 1987 tactics , Ershad had declared a state of emergency on Nov. 27 , 1990 , ordering troops on to the streets of the capital , Dhaka , to restore order [ see p. 37856 ] .
[trying] unsuccessfully to repeat his 1987 tactics , ershad had declared a state of emergency on nov. 27 , 1990 , ordering troops on to the streets of the capital , dhaka , to restore order [ see p. 37856 ] .

Observers noted that the government appeared to have adopted a dual " soft-hard " approach , attempting to maintain strict control over the country , including the political system , the media and the economy , while giving some ground to calls for change .
observers noted that the government appeared to have adopted a dual " soft-hard " approach , [trying] to maintain strict control over the country , including the political system , the media and the economy , while giving some ground to calls for change .

On Dec. 4 Buyoya asserted that the `` elements `` involved in the attacks did not represent a specific ethnic group but were attempting to `` stop the introduction of democracy `` .
on dec. 4 buyoya asserted that the `` elements `` involved in the attacks did not represent a specific ethnic group but were [trying] to `` stop the introduction of democracy `` .

That interpretation was widely viewed as favoring business over minority and female employees attempting to charge job discrimination .
that interpretation was widely viewed as favoring business over minority and female employees [trying] to charge job discrimination .

Shamir attacked Syria for attempting to present itself as `` a model of liberty and the protection of human rights including those of Jews `` while in fact harbouring many terrorist organizations .
shamir attacked syria for [trying] to present itself as `` a model of liberty and the protection of human rights including those of jews `` while in fact harbouring many terrorist organizations .

On Nov. 17 Rafsanjani condemned the United States for attempting to dissuade China and India from transferring to Iran nuclear technology to be used for non-military purposes .
on nov. 17 rafsanjani condemned the united states for [trying] to dissuade china and india from transferring to iran nuclear technology to be used for non-military purposes .

He explicitly rejected attempting to solve socialist problems by adopting capitalist methods , but did suggest that his government was interested in improving relations with capitalist countries .
he explicitly rejected [trying] to solve socialist problems by adopting capitalist methods , but did suggest that his government was interested in improving relations with capitalist countries .

It was also reported that the Odinga faction met legal difficulties when attempting to have the results of its internal elections validated , the Matiba group having lodged a complaint with the registrar of political parties questioning the legitimacy of the Odinga congress .
it was also reported that the odinga faction met legal difficulties when [trying] to have the results of its internal elections validated , the matiba group having lodged a complaint with the registrar of political parties questioning the legitimacy of the odinga congress .

Albanian Radio reported on Sept. 23 that Haxhia had been arrested at Tirana airport while attempting to board a plane for France .
albanian radio reported on sept. 23 that haxhia had been arrested at tirana airport while [trying] to board a plane for france .

During September there were signs that Jordan was attempting to distance itself from Iraq in order to restore relations with its former allies in the Gulf .
during september there were signs that jordan was [trying] to distance itself from iraq in order to restore relations with its former allies in the gulf .

In the days following announcement of the inquiry , accusations were made against ministers , including in particular John Major , of attempting to cover up modifications made as late as July 1990 to the original 1985 policy towards exports to Iraq [ for which see p. 34515 ] , and of misleading the House of Commons in this respect .
in the days following announcement of the inquiry , accusations were made against ministers , including in particular john major , of [trying] to cover up modifications made as late as july 1990 to the original 1985 policy towards exports to iraq [ for which see p. 34515 ] , and of misleading the house of commons in this respect .

Muwaffaq al-Allaf , head of the Syrian delegation , accused Rabin of attempting to destroy the whole peace process with his accusations .
muwaffaq al-allaf , head of the syrian delegation , accused rabin of [trying] to destroy the whole peace process with his accusations .

The French Foreign Minister , Roland Dumas , visited Syria , Egypt and Israel in early October [ see p. 39119 for activities of Dumas in September ] , according to some press reports attempting to arrange a face-to-face meeting between Israeli Prime Minister Itzhak Rabin and Syrian President Hafez al-Assad .
the french foreign minister , roland dumas , visited syria , egypt and israel in early october [ see p. 39119 for activities of dumas in september ] , according to some press reports [trying] to arrange a face-to-face meeting between israeli prime minister itzhak rabin and syrian president hafez al-assad .

Fighting worsened from April 14 on the Bosnian-Serb border and on the northern border with Croatia few days later , as Serbian forces appeared to be attempting to create a corridor from Bosanska Krajina ( a Serb enclave in western Bosnia-Hercegovina ) to Serbia .
fighting worsened from april 14 on the bosnian-serb border and on the northern border with croatia few days later , as serbian forces appeared to be [trying] to create a corridor from bosanska krajina ( a serb enclave in western bosnia-hercegovina ) to serbia .

Sarajevo itself came under artillery fire on April 21 ; the Bosnian leadership believed that the Serbs were attempting to cut the city in two .
sarajevo itself came under artillery fire on april 21 ; the bosnian leadership believed that the serbs were [trying] to cut the city in two .

Prime Minister Felipe González was criticized for attempting to conceal the level of Spanish involvement in the war .
prime minister felipe gonzález was criticized for [trying] to conceal the level of spanish involvement in the war .

Kaifu 's problem lay in attempting to reconcile the domestic unpopularity of the Gulf war with international pressure for Japan to make a major contribution to the war effort .
kaifu 's problem lay in [trying] to reconcile the domestic unpopularity of the gulf war with international pressure for japan to make a major contribution to the war effort .

The murder of Foreign Minister Robert Ouko in February provoked large-scale protests by students claiming that the government was attempting to cover up the circumstances of his death and calling for the resignation of President Moi ; the government responded by banning demonstrations .
the murder of foreign minister robert ouko in february provoked large-scale protests by students claiming that the government was [trying] to cover up the circumstances of his death and calling for the resignation of president moi ; the government responded by banning demonstrations .

Governments attempting to implement change in this area often encounter entrenched organisational resistance from powerful providers and from recipients of services who benefit from the status quo .
governments [trying] to implement change in this area often encounter entrenched organisational resistance from powerful providers and from recipients of services who benefit from the status quo .

Consider this from an essay on the poem `` Marriage `` by Marianne Moore : Moore states her case combining wit and sharp , almost black , humour in attempting to ridicule male vanity in marital union .
consider this from an essay on the poem `` marriage `` by marianne moore : moore states her case combining wit and sharp , almost black , humour in [trying] to ridicule male vanity in marital union .

In a large hotel , consider how much time can be wasted attempting to track people down .
in a large hotel , consider how much time can be wasted [trying] to track people down .

Attempting to find out about the extent to which Creole was used by London schoolchildren , Rosen and Burgess asked teachers to specify whether pupils spoke `` ( a ) Standard , ( b ) a full regional Creole , or ( c ) a London/regional mix `` ( 1980 : 58 ) .
[trying] to find out about the extent to which creole was used by london schoolchildren , rosen and burgess asked teachers to specify whether pupils spoke `` ( a ) standard , ( b ) a full regional creole , or ( c ) a london/regional mix `` ( 1980 : 58 ) .

The second point is shown by cases where two criminals are engaged in attempting a getaway from the scene of the crime .
the second point is shown by cases where two criminals are engaged in [trying] a getaway from the scene of the crime .

If a climber ignores safety advice and a member of the mountain rescue team is injured attempting a rescue , that person could sue the climber for negligence .
if a climber ignores safety advice and a member of the mountain rescue team is injured [trying] a rescue , that person could sue the climber for negligence .

Two chimney sweeps were killed by carbon monoxide gas while attempting to seal a sweep hole in the chimney of a boiler .
two chimney sweeps were killed by carbon monoxide gas while [trying] to seal a sweep hole in the chimney of a boiler .

The pump manufacturer was held liable for the value of the lobsters ( property damage ) but not for the costs of buying and attempting to repair the pumps .
the pump manufacturer was held liable for the value of the lobsters ( property damage ) but not for the costs of buying and [trying] to repair the pumps .

Similarly , the English levies attempting to cope with the raiders of 1009 – 12 are criticised for never being in the right place , but again without further explanation .
similarly , the english levies [trying] to cope with the raiders of 1009 – 12 are criticised for never being in the right place , but again without further explanation .

Northumbria quickly produced , in the monk Bede ( d.735 ) , one of the great scholars of the early Middle Ages , and by the time of his death English missionaries were themselves at work attempting to convert the continental Germans .
northumbria quickly produced , in the monk bede ( d.735 ) , one of the great scholars of the early middle ages , and by the time of his death english missionaries were themselves at work [trying] to convert the continental germans .

There is , for most of the century , no simple suggestion of a dominant class resisting a popular culture and attempting to supplant it with a preferred alternative , but rather a willingness not only to tolerate it but to accept a functional involvement .
there is , for most of the century , no simple suggestion of a dominant class resisting a popular culture and [trying] to supplant it with a preferred alternative , but rather a willingness not only to tolerate it but to accept a functional involvement .

The following description of the two forms of right is thus necessarily brief and the emphasis is on computer equipment rather than attempting to give a detailed account of design law .
the following description of the two forms of right is thus necessarily brief and the emphasis is on computer equipment rather than [trying] to give a detailed account of design law .

In attempting to discern what distinguishes the notions of making and causing , it soon becomes obvious that there are many objects which can be conceived as being made but not as being caused : this is true , for example , of cars , boats , bread , plastic , in short anything that is brought into being by a process of fabrication .
in [trying] to discern what distinguishes the notions of making and causing , it soon becomes obvious that there are many objects which can be conceived as being made but not as being caused : this is true , for example , of cars , boats , bread , plastic , in short anything that is brought into being by a process of fabrication .

Through years of attempting to lick herself clean , for she had never quite lost her self-respect , Stripey had become as thickly coated with mud inside as out .
through years of [trying] to lick herself clean , for she had never quite lost her self-respect , stripey had become as thickly coated with mud inside as out .

Willis , on his return from hospital , had taken up his quarters there , though he was no trouble , remaining quietly in the spare cabin without even attempting to watch the river 's daily traffic .
willis , on his return from hospital , had taken up his quarters there , though he was no trouble , remaining quietly in the spare cabin without even [trying] to watch the river 's daily traffic .

Was he attempting to force them to a stoppage in the hopes of taking over their lease ?
was he [trying] to force them to a stoppage in the hopes of taking over their lease ?

This was quite untenable to Barratt and Taylor and in a letter Taylor complained that there never had been such a requirement in any mining lease and any experienced miner would reject it as attempting to enforce an impossibility .
this was quite untenable to barratt and taylor and in a letter taylor complained that there never had been such a requirement in any mining lease and any experienced miner would reject it as [trying] to enforce an impossibility .

Using a proper name for a subject search may be easier for the user than attempting to guess at an appropriate subject heading , particularly if the object is to extract a class number to pursue subject searching at the shelves .
using a proper name for a subject search may be easier for the user than [trying] to guess at an appropriate subject heading , particularly if the object is to extract a class number to pursue subject searching at the shelves .

In attempting to help users in searching automated catalogues , it is perhaps too easy to assume that the machine must do it all and that the burden must be removed entirely from the user .
in [trying] to help users in searching automated catalogues , it is perhaps too easy to assume that the machine must do it all and that the burden must be removed entirely from the user .

More recent approaches are attempting to bring together knowledge about the language and its structures with the use of the language in real-life situations .
more recent approaches are [trying] to bring together knowledge about the language and its structures with the use of the language in real-life situations .

The materials scientist , however , seeks more fundamental information , attempting to answer the question of the relation of structure to macroscopic properties .
the materials scientist , however , seeks more fundamental information , [trying] to answer the question of the relation of structure to macroscopic properties .

It is important , therefore , before attempting to build up a successful front for the furtherance of your career , first to ensure that the real attitude behind the front is one that will support it on all occasions .
it is important , therefore , before [trying] to build up a successful front for the furtherance of your career , first to ensure that the real attitude behind the front is one that will support it on all occasions .

There have been a number of studies attempting to look at the vexed question of the effect of healing of oesophagitis on oesophageal function .
there have been a number of studies [trying] to look at the vexed question of the effect of healing of oesophagitis on oesophageal function .

Carole , who had fallen to the floor and was attempting to massage her husband 's knee , looked up to see Kenneth Baker himself in a camel-hair dressing gown , flanked by two men with guns .
carole , who had fallen to the floor and was [trying] to massage her husband 's knee , looked up to see kenneth baker himself in a camel-hair dressing gown , flanked by two men with guns .

The one o'clock news included a brief statement that a man had been detained early that morning while attempting to board a cross-Channel ferry at Dover and was helping police with their enquiries into the murder of Angelica Caroli , found stabbed in her Gloucestershire home the previous Thursday .
the one o'clock news included a brief statement that a man had been detained early that morning while [trying] to board a cross-channel ferry at dover and was helping police with their enquiries into the murder of angelica caroli , found stabbed in her gloucestershire home the previous thursday .

In addition to attempting to assess attitudes , in this part of the questionnaire we also sought information about routine evaluation .
in addition to [trying] to assess attitudes , in this part of the questionnaire we also sought information about routine evaluation .

When attempting to communicate in the absence of adequate structure , care should be taken to learn enough about any differentiation to be able to predict the effect it will have and make allowance for it .
when [trying] to communicate in the absence of adequate structure , care should be taken to learn enough about any differentiation to be able to predict the effect it will have and make allowance for it .

In the third quarter ‘ participative ’ style is an adult-adult transaction with both stimulus and response attempting to improve the outcome of the transaction .
in the third quarter ‘ participative ’ style is an adult-adult transaction with both stimulus and response [trying] to improve the outcome of the transaction .

Path a-b represents the approach to a problem via a conventional , logical , pattern of thought without attempting to introduce new and untested ideas .
path a-b represents the approach to a problem via a conventional , logical , pattern of thought without [trying] to introduce new and untested ideas .

On 16 October Dr Higgs is due in the Court of Appeal , attempting to stop the authority acting without a full disciplinary hearing .
on 16 october dr higgs is due in the court of appeal , [trying] to stop the authority acting without a full disciplinary hearing .

Sir Geoffrey and his committee will be attempting to define the relationship between the clearing house and the Exchange and the financial arrangements for the provision of services .
sir geoffrey and his committee will be [trying] to define the relationship between the clearing house and the exchange and the financial arrangements for the provision of services .

His victories with Pebbles in the Breeders ' Cup Turf and Jupiter Island in the Japan Cup — the only successes by a Briton in the events — were superb feats , but perhaps even more laudable was his achievement in saddling Bold Arrangement to take second in the Kentucky Derby , a unique venture the know-alls told him was not even worth attempting .
his victories with pebbles in the breeders ' cup turf and jupiter island in the japan cup — the only successes by a briton in the events — were superb feats , but perhaps even more laudable was his achievement in saddling bold arrangement to take second in the kentucky derby , a unique venture the know-alls told him was not even worth [trying] .

Mr Lawson , who has never found it easy to win the affection of the party conference , now faces the trickiest political test of his career in attempting to avert unseemly attacks on his competence from the Conservative grassroots .
mr lawson , who has never found it easy to win the affection of the party conference , now faces the trickiest political test of his career in [trying] to avert unseemly attacks on his competence from the conservative grassroots .

In the execution of their duties the foresters often had to contend with armed bands of desperate men ; in many cases they were beaten and even killed while attempting to arrest Forest offenders .
in the execution of their duties the foresters often had to contend with armed bands of desperate men ; in many cases they were beaten and even killed while [trying] to arrest forest offenders .

We do not know how close they came to attempting to depose Mary .
we do not know how close they came to [trying] to depose mary .

Yet Charsky was not merely attempting it , but doing it solo !
yet charsky was not merely [trying] it , but doing it solo !

Unknown to him , two German climbers were also attempting the face .
unknown to him , two german climbers were also [trying] the face .

After attempting for an hour to storm the church , those who were still alive to tell the tale turned back .
after [trying] for an hour to storm the church , those who were still alive to tell the tale turned back .

The free Church Council , special emergencies apart , will therefore best serve the administration of its city or town , neither by meddlesome interference with it , nor by attempting to be represented as such in its political caucuses , or even on its administrative boards ; but by training men who , representing its views and coming under its influence , have at once the strength of character and the breadth of conception , which will cause them to secure its great ends … in the ordinary arena of public life .
the free church council , special emergencies apart , will therefore best serve the administration of its city or town , neither by meddlesome interference with it , nor by [trying] to be represented as such in its political caucuses , or even on its administrative boards ; but by training men who , representing its views and coming under its influence , have at once the strength of character and the breadth of conception , which will cause them to secure its great ends … in the ordinary arena of public life .

While attempting to respond to the civil rights movement and to the pressure from the Wilson government in London , O'Neill was being threatened from within the Unionist camp .
while [trying] to respond to the civil rights movement and to the pressure from the wilson government in london , o'neill was being threatened from within the unionist camp .

Older horses who do n't try and run away from bot-flies , usually have not had the use of shelter sheds when they were young , so have formed the habit of no longer attempting to evade these injurious insects .
older horses who do n't try and run away from bot-flies , usually have not had the use of shelter sheds when they were young , so have formed the habit of no longer [trying] to evade these injurious insects .

In the early stages he was content to keep her towards the rear of the field as Teleprompter — also attempting a mile and a half for the first time — took his accustomed role of front-runner .
in the early stages he was content to keep her towards the rear of the field as teleprompter — also [trying] a mile and a half for the first time — took his accustomed role of front-runner .

To her surprise , he wrote to her more that winter than at any time before and she was touched to find him attempting more than the sweet but stilted compositions he had managed previously .
to her surprise , he wrote to her more that winter than at any time before and she was touched to find him [trying] more than the sweet but stilted compositions he had managed previously .

In attempting to deflect opinion from the disappointments of the previous winter and the lack of prospect of an early end of the war and to revamp morale through blaming others for Germany 's misfortunes — much as he had done in the years before 1933 — Hitler had lifted a corner of the veil of the ‘ Führer myth ’ and revealed a glimpse of the arbitrary , dictatorial , and irrational way he responded to the first reverses he and the nation had had to suffer .
in [trying] to deflect opinion from the disappointments of the previous winter and the lack of prospect of an early end of the war and to revamp morale through blaming others for germany 's misfortunes — much as he had done in the years before 1933 — hitler had lifted a corner of the veil of the ‘ führer myth ’ and revealed a glimpse of the arbitrary , dictatorial , and irrational way he responded to the first reverses he and the nation had had to suffer .

He massively reorganized the empire on a military basis , splitting provinces to prevent ambitious governors from becoming too powerful , attempting to control inflation by fixing prices by edict ( and thereby driving goods off the market ) .
he massively reorganized the empire on a military basis , splitting provinces to prevent ambitious governors from becoming too powerful , [trying] to control inflation by fixing prices by edict ( and thereby driving goods off the market ) .

There are various ways of attempting this .
there are various ways of [trying] this .

By attempting to create rules for the exercise of power , the people subject to it have some hope of being able to control it and to make it legitimate in their own eyes .
by [trying] to create rules for the exercise of power , the people subject to it have some hope of being able to control it and to make it legitimate in their own eyes .

Obviously , they are by doing this attempting to discharge their own guilts , hide their own feverish obscenities , evade their own personal responsibilities and cleverly avoid gossip or rumour which would be more lethally accurate than that which they have generated themselves .
obviously , they are by doing this [trying] to discharge their own guilts , hide their own feverish obscenities , evade their own personal responsibilities and cleverly avoid gossip or rumour which would be more lethally accurate than that which they have generated themselves .

Lawyers are still attempting to settle out of court with Rees and Ivan Cawood , Rugby 's secretary , who are the named persons in the writs .
lawyers are still [trying] to settle out of court with rees and ivan cawood , rugby 's secretary , who are the named persons in the writs .

No more implanting the virus from within , no more attempting to gatecrash a terrain that no longer really belongs to us ( whatever it may once have been , simple demographic change has turned pop into global light entertainment ) .
no more implanting the virus from within , no more [trying] to gatecrash a terrain that no longer really belongs to us ( whatever it may once have been , simple demographic change has turned pop into global light entertainment ) .

‘ With repeated strokes they hack into the blubber and flesh of the thrashing animals with 15cm knives , attempting to cut through the carotid arteries alongside the spine .
‘ with repeated strokes they hack into the blubber and flesh of the thrashing animals with 15cm knives , [trying] to cut through the carotid arteries alongside the spine .

Sadly they were to part with Angie attempting suicide and David snatching their son Zowie back from Angie while she was away from home in Switzerland .
sadly they were to part with angie [trying] suicide and david snatching their son zowie back from angie while she was away from home in switzerland .

Coupling el grip with el thwing was like attempting the appendix to the Canadian Air Force Exercise Manual .
coupling el grip with el thwing was like [trying] the appendix to the canadian air force exercise manual .

Mark Allen , aged 23 , of Stockwell , south London , had been acquitted at the Old Bailey on Thursday of murdering Victor Johnson , 57 , and his wife Audrey , 54 , but convicted of manslaughter , incitement to arson and attempting to pervert the course of justice .
mark allen , aged 23 , of stockwell , south london , had been acquitted at the old bailey on thursday of murdering victor johnson , 57 , and his wife audrey , 54 , but convicted of manslaughter , incitement to arson and [trying] to pervert the course of justice .

Meanwhile , Claire at 17 was attempting to stage her own ‘ incarnate romance … ’ She wrote to Byron , whom she had never met , offering herself .
meanwhile , claire at 17 was [trying] to stage her own ‘ incarnate romance … ’ she wrote to byron , whom she had never met , offering herself .

Senior Tories are attempting to highlight the dangers posed by a hung Parliament to boost their support in the final days of the election campaign .
senior tories are [trying] to highlight the dangers posed by a hung parliament to boost their support in the final days of the election campaign .

There are three options facing a party attempting to govern without an overall majority .
there are three options facing a party [trying] to govern without an overall majority .

In the second game , when attempting to smash a pack of reds , he knocked the black off the table .
in the second game , when [trying] to smash a pack of reds , he knocked the black off the table .

Nine players and two back-room staff were also released by the administrators , who are attempting to save more than £350,000 in 17 weeks .
nine players and two back-room staff were also released by the administrators , who are [trying] to save more than £350,000 in 17 weeks .

‘ It is just one of those things , ’ said Adams , attempting to shrug off the ultimate disappointment for a jump jockey .
‘ it is just one of those things , ’ said adams , [trying] to shrug off the ultimate disappointment for a jump jockey .

Earlier , the Bosnian president , Mr Alija Izetbegovic , ordered full mobilisation of territorial and police reservists after accusing the Serbian-dominated federal army and Serbian irregulars of attempting to seize large tracts of the mountainous republic .
earlier , the bosnian president , mr alija izetbegovic , ordered full mobilisation of territorial and police reservists after accusing the serbian-dominated federal army and serbian irregulars of [trying] to seize large tracts of the mountainous republic .

The glands on the skin contain a powerful irritant which will make any would-be predator think before attempting to eat the salamander .
the glands on the skin contain a powerful irritant which will make any would-be predator think before [trying] to eat the salamander .

He would have been happier if the Latin American had made at least a pretence at attempting to beat him down on the charter price .
he would have been happier if the latin american had made at least a pretence at [trying] to beat him down on the charter price .

He had hoped to find him attempting to dress but he was still propped up under the shower , hands against the wall .
he had hoped to find him [trying] to dress but he was still propped up under the shower , hands against the wall .

Mr John McGarry , a consultant obstetrician , is attempting to monitor all children from the area born after the 6 July incident .
mr john mcgarry , a consultant obstetrician , is [trying] to monitor all children from the area born after the 6 july incident .

The outdoor performance would finish with the audience and stars of the show attempting the speciality club dances .
the outdoor performance would finish with the audience and stars of the show [trying] the speciality club dances .

The same requirements will determine how successful exporters will be in 1992 when attempting to increase market share in the European Community .
the same requirements will determine how successful exporters will be in 1992 when [trying] to increase market share in the european community .

Change , whether it be in the curriculum , in assessment , in the relationship between school and community , in resource management or in any other area of school , can not be managed effectively ( in anything other than the short term ) without also making appropriate changes to the management structures and processes which are actually attempting to bring about the substantive developments .
change , whether it be in the curriculum , in assessment , in the relationship between school and community , in resource management or in any other area of school , can not be managed effectively ( in anything other than the short term ) without also making appropriate changes to the management structures and processes which are actually [trying] to bring about the substantive developments .

Put in the language of this chapter , we should not be seeking the Holy Grail in the curriculum or anywhere else , but attempting to create relationships between management and professionality within structures which are good at bringing about change without exhausting or demeaning teachers in the process .
put in the language of this chapter , we should not be seeking the holy grail in the curriculum or anywhere else , but [trying] to create relationships between management and professionality within structures which are good at bringing about change without exhausting or demeaning teachers in the process .

When attempting a rational approach to planning it is important to be aware of these political factors .
when [trying] a rational approach to planning it is important to be aware of these political factors .

Ethologists concerned with the evolution of human behaviour have stopped short of attempting to explain the further reaches of the human mind ; consciousness , self-reference , the construction of identity , and intersubjective relating .
ethologists concerned with the evolution of human behaviour have stopped short of [trying] to explain the further reaches of the human mind ; consciousness , self-reference , the construction of identity , and intersubjective relating .

It has been a focal point in philosophies attempting to relate subjective experience to the objectivity of the body .
it has been a focal point in philosophies [trying] to relate subjective experience to the objectivity of the body .

Elaborate social organization with co-operation tends to evolve in species attempting to reproduce under conditions where the carrying capacity of the environment is more or less filled .
elaborate social organization with co-operation tends to evolve in species [trying] to reproduce under conditions where the carrying capacity of the environment is more or less filled .

Recent studies are attempting more quantified analyses of the exact relations between behaviour and ecology in day-to-day living .
recent studies are [trying] more quantified analyses of the exact relations between behaviour and ecology in day-to-day living .

The actor , in attempting to subject himself spontaneously to an occurrence and at the same time communicate that occurrence to an audience , is experiencing an unresolvable tension .
the actor , in [trying] to subject himself spontaneously to an occurrence and at the same time communicate that occurrence to an audience , is experiencing an unresolvable tension .

The class spent considerable time examining these photographs , attempting to anticipate the kind of personalities they were to be working with .
the class spent considerable time examining these photographs , [trying] to anticipate the kind of personalities they were to be working with .

What the theist claims is that by observing the world as it is , not by attempting to look outside it , one can see that it bears within itself a fundamental self-insufficiency .
what the theist claims is that by observing the world as it is , not by [trying] to look outside it , one can see that it bears within itself a fundamental self-insufficiency .

Given that the theist believes that defining God involves thinking beyond the limits of thought , can he or she also fulfil the demand that a clear explanation be given of what is meant by the word ‘ God ’ ? Can not the sort of difficulty which the theist experiences in terms of describing God , for instance , as personal and impersonal , be justified by pointing out that attempting to think beyond the limits of thought is bound to entail stretching ordinary language beyond what it would normally bear ? The theist thereby comes to justify as a paradox what the atheist is wont to dismiss as a confusion .
given that the theist believes that defining god involves thinking beyond the limits of thought , can he or she also fulfil the demand that a clear explanation be given of what is meant by the word ‘ god ’ ? can not the sort of difficulty which the theist experiences in terms of describing god , for instance , as personal and impersonal , be justified by pointing out that [trying] to think beyond the limits of thought is bound to entail stretching ordinary language beyond what it would normally bear ? the theist thereby comes to justify as a paradox what the atheist is wont to dismiss as a confusion .

Not only do you know where you are trying to get to , but you can also give attention to attempting to discover the fall back position of your opponent .
not only do you know where you are trying to get to , but you can also give attention to [trying] to discover the fall back position of your opponent .

In attempting to cross a small stream at the top of a waterfall he lost his footing , slipped and fell to his death .
in [trying] to cross a small stream at the top of a waterfall he lost his footing , slipped and fell to his death .

Fernando Trueba 's flamboyant Euro-thriller stars Jeff Goldblum as Dan Gillis , a latter-day American in Paris attempting to pick up the pieces of a failed marriage , approached with an offer to write a screenplay for charismatic first-time director Malcolm ( Dexter Fletcher ) .
fernando trueba 's flamboyant euro-thriller stars jeff goldblum as dan gillis , a latter-day american in paris [trying] to pick up the pieces of a failed marriage , approached with an offer to write a screenplay for charismatic first-time director malcolm ( dexter fletcher ) .

Yet , if a lack of time-cues or a difficulty in perceiving them were important in some cases , then a possibility that has not yet been tested is one of attempting to promote the presence of 24-hour rhythms in a patient by increasing external time-cues or by administering sedation and intravenous feeding on a daily schedule .
yet , if a lack of time-cues or a difficulty in perceiving them were important in some cases , then a possibility that has not yet been tested is one of [trying] to promote the presence of 24-hour rhythms in a patient by increasing external time-cues or by administering sedation and intravenous feeding on a daily schedule .

As is often the case , they contain some truth and can be used constructively when attempting to deal with jet-lag .
as is often the case , they contain some truth and can be used constructively when [trying] to deal with jet-lag .

Cries of anguish were heard from the medical instructor , who was beginning to despair after seeing his practice resuscitation doll murdered by an overenthusiastic driver attempting to learn the principles of expired air resuscitation .
cries of anguish were heard from the medical instructor , who was beginning to despair after seeing his practice resuscitation doll murdered by an overenthusiastic driver [trying] to learn the principles of expired air resuscitation .

Islington 's provision is better than most , yet the Director of Social Services , John Rea Price , feels Islington has been penalised for attempting to carry out the Government 's own directives on community care .
islington 's provision is better than most , yet the director of social services , john rea price , feels islington has been penalised for [trying] to carry out the government 's own directives on community care .

There is enough recorded in Warnie 's diaries over the next twenty years of friction and domestic misery to make us see why Jack had misgivings about the advisability of their all attempting to live together .
there is enough recorded in warnie 's diaries over the next twenty years of friction and domestic misery to make us see why jack had misgivings about the advisability of their all [trying] to live together .

Tolkien 's story , The Lost Road , seems to be the only example of his attempting to depict the twentieth , , in legends and lost tales of the old world , Alboin and Audoin by name .
tolkien 's story , the lost road , seems to be the only example of his [trying] to depict the twentieth , , in legends and lost tales of the old world , alboin and audoin by name .

Filmmakers were attempting to link in to contemporary realities .
filmmakers were [trying] to link in to contemporary realities .

All would be different , they believe , if the majority of decent and honest Catholics could escape the grip of fear , and they define the role of community relations police in West Belfast as attempting , in a small way , to loosen the Catholic community from the stranglehold of the paramilitaries , as the commentary on a police promotional video stated : ‘ The effort of trying to win the people 's minds and hearts away from terrorism is personified in the Community Relations Branch , whose members regularly attend meetings involving civilian bodies , public representatives , and discuss problems such as vandalism .
all would be different , they believe , if the majority of decent and honest catholics could escape the grip of fear , and they define the role of community relations police in west belfast as [trying] , in a small way , to loosen the catholic community from the stranglehold of the paramilitaries , as the commentary on a police promotional video stated : ‘ the effort of trying to win the people 's minds and hearts away from terrorism is personified in the community relations branch , whose members regularly attend meetings involving civilian bodies , public representatives , and discuss problems such as vandalism .

Brian McKenzie , a single man , of Beachmont Court , Dunbar , East Lothian , admitted attempting to murder her and assaulting her with intent to rape .
brian mckenzie , a single man , of beachmont court , dunbar , east lothian , admitted [trying] to murder her and assaulting her with intent to rape .

The Hindu report infuriated the opposition in parliament and there were renewed demands for the resignation of Mr Gandhi , who has repeatedly been accused of attempting to cover up the scandal .
the hindu report infuriated the opposition in parliament and there were renewed demands for the resignation of mr gandhi , who has repeatedly been accused of [trying] to cover up the scandal .

Attempting to capture the spirit of a period is another planning strategy for a survey , though this philosophical notion of a Zeitgeist is notoriously elusive .
[trying] to capture the spirit of a period is another planning strategy for a survey , though this philosophical notion of a zeitgeist is notoriously elusive .

Bernini is evidently attempting to render something quite transcendental and something which had never been attempted by a sculptor before that date .
bernini is evidently [trying] to render something quite transcendental and something which had never been attempted by a sculptor before that date .

Nor is there much point in attempting to give a general impression of a show , as there is nothing to hold it together , unlike a group show with a programme or a manifesto to consider .
nor is there much point in [trying] to give a general impression of a show , as there is nothing to hold it together , unlike a group show with a programme or a manifesto to consider .

If you have done any class work before attempting the drama school audition , most of the teachers will at some point in their sessions have talked about ‘ relaxation ’ .
if you have done any class work before [trying] the drama school audition , most of the teachers will at some point in their sessions have talked about ‘ relaxation ’ .

This makes it important to use the airbrakes to ensure that you cross the upwind boundary very low as though you were attempting to land in the first part of the field .
this makes it important to use the airbrakes to ensure that you cross the upwind boundary very low as though you were [trying] to land in the first part of the field .

Cloud flying , particularly in shower clouds , can be quite a dangerous pastime and on many days it would be totally irresponsible to risk losing a club glider by attempting to climb a large cloud .
cloud flying , particularly in shower clouds , can be quite a dangerous pastime and on many days it would be totally irresponsible to risk losing a club glider by [trying] to climb a large cloud .

After the first landing , the things to practise are more variations in the approaches and landings , trying some steep and some shallow , but attempting to touch down accurately on the chosen spot .
after the first landing , the things to practise are more variations in the approaches and landings , trying some steep and some shallow , but [trying] to touch down accurately on the chosen spot .

It is also worthwhile attempting the occasional no airbrake touch down to get a better idea of how far your glider will float .
it is also worthwhile [trying] the occasional no airbrake touch down to get a better idea of how far your glider will float .

It is a skilled exercise which needs careful instruction and supervision before attempting it on the approach with full airbrake .
it is a skilled exercise which needs careful instruction and supervision before [trying] it on the approach with full airbrake .

Teachers without a coaching background feel insecure in attempting what they consider to be a difficult game to learn and so play safe with rounders or athletics .
teachers without a coaching background feel insecure in [trying] what they consider to be a difficult game to learn and so play safe with rounders or athletics .

‘ That 's quite enough , ’ said Peggy , attempting a stern approach to her audacity .
‘ that 's quite enough , ’ said peggy , [trying] a stern approach to her audacity .

Most have been convicted since 1988 under Indonesia 's sweeping Anti-Subversion Law , accused of attempting to establish an independent state of ‘ West Papua ’ .
most have been convicted since 1988 under indonesia 's sweeping anti-subversion law , accused of [trying] to establish an independent state of ‘ west papua ’ .

He is serving a 20-year sentence imposed in 1988 by a military court which found him guilty of attempting to overthrow the government .
he is serving a 20-year sentence imposed in 1988 by a military court which found him guilty of [trying] to overthrow the government .

Amnesty International has asked the Government on many occasions to lift those measures which place obstacles in the path of asylum seekers attempting to gain access to the refugee-determination process .
amnesty international has asked the government on many occasions to lift those measures which place obstacles in the path of asylum seekers [trying] to gain access to the refugee-determination process .

The exercises are detailed below ; it is advisable to practise each exercise individually before attempting the whole routine .
the exercises are detailed below ; it is advisable to practise each exercise individually before [trying] the whole routine .

Refer to the available photographs when reading the exercise description , and practise them on their own first before attempting a whole session .
refer to the available photographs when reading the exercise description , and practise them on their own first before [trying] a whole session .

the implication of attempting to establish a central research information centre to give advice to chief officers about research findings , [ or ] collect , collate and distribute research of interest to the police service , and maintain an up-to-date index of research would be very considerable .
the implication of [trying] to establish a central research information centre to give advice to chief officers about research findings , [ or ] collect , collate and distribute research of interest to the police service , and maintain an up-to-date index of research would be very considerable .

He is attempting to provide training for people who want to create businesses that produce quality products from indigenous timber at source .
he is [trying] to provide training for people who want to create businesses that produce quality products from indigenous timber at source .

Any readers attempting to furnish a home should find ample material in the September issue .
any readers [trying] to furnish a home should find ample material in the september issue .

If you see someone attempting or actually stealing a vehicle , or see someone acting suspiciously near vehicles — ring the police immediately .
if you see someone [trying] or actually stealing a vehicle , or see someone acting suspiciously near vehicles — ring the police immediately .

That sixties period and all the stories from the era were to play a massive role in Morrissey 's subsequent lyricism and his handling of The Smiths record sleeves : the stories , the Moors murders , Viv ( Spend , Spend , Spend ) Nicholson , Elsie Tanner ( the perfect Northern character so desperately attempting to escape to a better lifestyle ) , the stream of sixties Northern imagery films ( from The Family Way through Saturday Night and Sunday Morning to The Lovers ) and the countless left-overs from the Merseybeat era now parading their former moments of glory around working men 's clubs .
that sixties period and all the stories from the era were to play a massive role in morrissey 's subsequent lyricism and his handling of the smiths record sleeves : the stories , the moors murders , viv ( spend , spend , spend ) nicholson , elsie tanner ( the perfect northern character so desperately [trying] to escape to a better lifestyle ) , the stream of sixties northern imagery films ( from the family way through saturday night and sunday morning to the lovers ) and the countless left-overs from the merseybeat era now parading their former moments of glory around working men 's clubs .

Backstage at the Brixton Academy two fans were kicked to the ground while attempting to gain admittance to the dressing room .
backstage at the brixton academy two fans were kicked to the ground while [trying] to gain admittance to the dressing room .

It seemed bizarre that a band plagued by such huge problems on an international scale should wish to waste their time attempting to sue a small time and , to be frank , penniless magazine .
it seemed bizarre that a band plagued by such huge problems on an international scale should wish to waste their time [trying] to sue a small time and , to be frank , penniless magazine .

That is also when you hear stories of doubting runners who have not covered more than 12 miles at a time in training suddenly attempting a 20-miler four days before the actual marathon , just to see if they can get that far ! They usually can ; but they do n't do very well in the marathon four days later !
that is also when you hear stories of doubting runners who have not covered more than 12 miles at a time in training suddenly [trying] a 20-miler four days before the actual marathon , just to see if they can get that far ! they usually can ; but they do n't do very well in the marathon four days later !

‘ Sir David has been attempting to tell his son the facts of life for the last five years .
‘ sir david has been [trying] to tell his son the facts of life for the last five years .

Smaller areas of good fattening pasture are to be found in other parts of the country , but before attempting to finish cattle on grass , the smallholder should ensure that the three main conditions — a long growing season , constant subsoil water supply , and good drainage — are met .
smaller areas of good fattening pasture are to be found in other parts of the country , but before [trying] to finish cattle on grass , the smallholder should ensure that the three main conditions — a long growing season , constant subsoil water supply , and good drainage — are met .

When attempting to establish a long ley , the greatest care should therefore be taken to limit grazing and treading to times of good weather and soil conditions .
when [trying] to establish a long ley , the greatest care should therefore be taken to limit grazing and treading to times of good weather and soil conditions .

In facing such a directly political proposal , mainstream reviews reverted to some tried and trusted critical tools in order to reaffirm the gap between fact and fiction , politics and culture , that the film is attempting to narrow .
in facing such a directly political proposal , mainstream reviews reverted to some tried and trusted critical tools in order to reaffirm the gap between fact and fiction , politics and culture , that the film is [trying] to narrow .

The mare alongside the stallion rubbed her hip to the bone attempting to do just that , while we took turns swinging from her head and tail as a preventive measure as turbulence upset the flight across Europe .
the mare alongside the stallion rubbed her hip to the bone [trying] to do just that , while we took turns swinging from her head and tail as a preventive measure as turbulence upset the flight across europe .

We smiled feebly and refrained from attempting any further communication with these introspective folk .
we smiled feebly and refrained from [trying] any further communication with these introspective folk .

Attempting to make a detour , the car got bogged down in a salt lake and was abandoned .
[trying] to make a detour , the car got bogged down in a salt lake and was abandoned .

Knocking in vain on Labour 's door If you 're not in a union , attempting to join a local branch of the Labour party can be a maddening experience , says Jane Furnival .
knocking in vain on labour 's door if you 're not in a union , [trying] to join a local branch of the labour party can be a maddening experience , says jane furnival .

Massingberd-Mundy , a 62-year-old former Royal Navy submarine commander of South Ormsby Hall , Louth , was attempting to quash a decision by the Club to strike him off the list of potential chairmen of the stewards ' panel at Doncaster racecourse .
massingberd-mundy , a 62-year-old former royal navy submarine commander of south ormsby hall , louth , was [trying] to quash a decision by the club to strike him off the list of potential chairmen of the stewards ' panel at doncaster racecourse .

Three criteria have been chosen , attempting to measure the most important attributes of company performance over the year .
three criteria have been chosen , [trying] to measure the most important attributes of company performance over the year .

There is a clear realisation that attempting to export western trade unionism to the East would be futile .
there is a clear realisation that [trying] to export western trade unionism to the east would be futile .

Why visit the gardens or the pagodas of Suzhou , when much more can be gained by attempting to buy a 1950s style mannequin .
why visit the gardens or the pagodas of suzhou , when much more can be gained by [trying] to buy a 1950s style mannequin .

Last season he was trained by Oliver Sherwood , who turned him into one of the best novice hurdlers and now Henrietta Knight will be attempting to do the same over fences .
last season he was trained by oliver sherwood , who turned him into one of the best novice hurdlers and now henrietta knight will be [trying] to do the same over fences .

The Tigers ' political leadership is attempting a difficult balancing act .
the tigers ' political leadership is [trying] a difficult balancing act .

He immediately flew to Perth in an attempt to begin his defence and boost the morale of his remarkably loyal employees , who were yesterday attempting to portray the receivership move as a battle between ‘ old money ’ , represented by the Melbourne banking community , and ‘ new money ’ , in the form of Mr Bond .
he immediately flew to perth in an attempt to begin his defence and boost the morale of his remarkably loyal employees , who were yesterday [trying] to portray the receivership move as a battle between ‘ old money ’ , represented by the melbourne banking community , and ‘ new money ’ , in the form of mr bond .

In effect , Ashford were given rights to fish from the gardens but had difficulties even attempting to pass through to other swims they leased .
in effect , ashford were given rights to fish from the gardens but had difficulties even [trying] to pass through to other swims they leased .

It became the common view that any British retailer attempting to expand abroad signalled a deterioration in its fortunes , with the consequent lack of interest from the City .
it became the common view that any british retailer [trying] to expand abroad signalled a deterioration in its fortunes , with the consequent lack of interest from the city .

The rebellion of the American colonies in the eighteenth century confronted the British with an axiom which , for reasons which are capable of being understood , they found so unpleasant that more than two centuries later they have still not ceased attempting to wish it out of existence .
the rebellion of the american colonies in the eighteenth century confronted the british with an axiom which , for reasons which are capable of being understood , they found so unpleasant that more than two centuries later they have still not ceased [trying] to wish it out of existence .

The British forthwith addressed themselves to attempting to cope with the axiom nearer home .
the british forthwith addressed themselves to [trying] to cope with the axiom nearer home .

6 ) , she paints herself wearing Rivera 's suit , challenging traditional expectations of femininity and attempting to appropriate his authority ( while simultaneously ) threatening castration ) .
6 ) , she paints herself wearing rivera 's suit , challenging traditional expectations of femininity and [trying] to appropriate his authority ( while simultaneously ) threatening castration ) .

In Nigeria , on the other hand , the National Open Apprenticeship Scheme is attempting to support forms of apprenticeship which have been traditional in the Nigerian informal sector , by seeking to upgrade their quality and supplement them with classroom training .
in nigeria , on the other hand , the national open apprenticeship scheme is [trying] to support forms of apprenticeship which have been traditional in the nigerian informal sector , by seeking to upgrade their quality and supplement them with classroom training .

Her varied responses in the North Atlantic alliance , in the European community , in Irish affairs , and in attempting to mediate in the Middle East as broker between the Arabs and Israel added to this impression .
her varied responses in the north atlantic alliance , in the european community , in irish affairs , and in [trying] to mediate in the middle east as broker between the arabs and israel added to this impression .

The Waste Land seems at times to be attempting to piece together some new religion out of fragments of the old .
the waste land seems at times to be [trying] to piece together some new religion out of fragments of the old .

In 1913 he had attacked Frazer for attempting to explain the savage using the ideas of modern life , offering interpretation rather than fact .
in 1913 he had attacked frazer for [trying] to explain the savage using the ideas of modern life , offering interpretation rather than fact .

Particularly in the music-hall connections of his plays ( which later became their West End connections ) we can see that he was attempting to do this in his own creative work at the time .
particularly in the music-hall connections of his plays ( which later became their west end connections ) we can see that he was [trying] to do this in his own creative work at the time .

Changes in government have led to discontinuities in policy , but trends towards convergence have also occurred , despite the parties in office attempting to carry out different policies .
changes in government have led to discontinuities in policy , but trends towards convergence have also occurred , despite the parties in office [trying] to carry out different policies .

We must never forget that the history of kinship presented there is primarily a criticism of capitalist society and that Marx and Engels were not attempting to set themselves up as anthropologists .
we must never forget that the history of kinship presented there is primarily a criticism of capitalist society and that marx and engels were not [trying] to set themselves up as anthropologists .

Young Rawlins went on to the most arduous part of the game — attempting to memorise the host of gifts on a conveyor belt , ranging from a cuddly toy to a microwave .
young rawlins went on to the most arduous part of the game — [trying] to memorise the host of gifts on a conveyor belt , ranging from a cuddly toy to a microwave .

Members of a group attempting to reach the embassy the night before said policemen had hit them with rubber truncheons and turned them back .
members of a group [trying] to reach the embassy the night before said policemen had hit them with rubber truncheons and turned them back .

Companies across the country will be subject to a uniform rate set by central government , although Mr Eggar is attempting to calm these fears by pointing out that a special case has been made for small firms .
companies across the country will be subject to a uniform rate set by central government , although mr eggar is [trying] to calm these fears by pointing out that a special case has been made for small firms .

In the debate itself , some of the behind-the-scenes tensions were reflected by party spokesmen attempting to discredit Mr Benn 's contribution , pointing out that he had served in Labour governments which maintained nuclear weapons .
in the debate itself , some of the behind-the-scenes tensions were reflected by party spokesmen [trying] to discredit mr benn 's contribution , pointing out that he had served in labour governments which maintained nuclear weapons .

By this stage however the program had moved beyond the provision of primary health care and was attempting to address the broader issues on environmental health and safety in Appalachia in response to the realisation of a growing problem .
by this stage however the program had moved beyond the provision of primary health care and was [trying] to address the broader issues on environmental health and safety in appalachia in response to the realisation of a growing problem .

These days , he is attempting to persuade record-buyers to share his enthusiasm for music from Eastern Europe : the Trio Bulgarka , from Sofia , and the hauntingly beautiful songs of the Hungarian Marta Sebestyen .
these days , he is [trying] to persuade record-buyers to share his enthusiasm for music from eastern europe : the trio bulgarka , from sofia , and the hauntingly beautiful songs of the hungarian marta sebestyen .

Howard later reported that the Nez Perce had ‘ jammed their ponies through , up the rocks … and among the fallen trees , without attempting to cut a limb , leaving blood to mark their path ; and abandoned animals with broken legs … or stretched dead by the wayside .
howard later reported that the nez perce had ‘ jammed their ponies through , up the rocks … and among the fallen trees , without [trying] to cut a limb , leaving blood to mark their path ; and abandoned animals with broken legs … or stretched dead by the wayside .

As Poker Joe guided the people north-east , the warriors killed several white men attempting to carry messages between the soldiers .
as poker joe guided the people north-east , the warriors killed several white men [trying] to carry messages between the soldiers .

In attempting to formulate some of the constraints and challenges likely to face farmers in the years ahead one was conscious that today 's responses were coloured by today 's situations .
in [trying] to formulate some of the constraints and challenges likely to face farmers in the years ahead one was conscious that today 's responses were coloured by today 's situations .

Both were very drunk and attempting to sing a song that was remarkable for the complete absence of any words .
both were very drunk and [trying] to sing a song that was remarkable for the complete absence of any words .

The Chairmaster , grave , imposing , and bald as a biscuit , apart from the red wig , adhering by a miracle to his left ear , was attempting to give some kind of order to the proceedings .
the chairmaster , grave , imposing , and bald as a biscuit , apart from the red wig , adhering by a miracle to his left ear , was [trying] to give some kind of order to the proceedings .

Of particular importance to the subject of this paper , they emphasize in their summary that the client in the studies reviewed ‘ is engaged as a voluntary collaborator ’ , and his ‘ motivations were directed toward what the social workers were attempting to provide ’ .
of particular importance to the subject of this paper , they emphasize in their summary that the client in the studies reviewed ‘ is engaged as a voluntary collaborator ’ , and his ‘ motivations were directed toward what the social workers were [trying] to provide ’ .

This , then , is the model which seems to us most appropriate for attempting empirically to answer our question : How can we measure the effects of client participation on the effectiveness of social work intervention ? Using the six measurement criteria summarized at the end of the section on client participation , we are able to measure the extent to which our clients are participating in the community work project ( the independent variable ) , and the model presented in this section allows us to evaluate the effectiveness of the project ( the dependent variable ) in a number of different ways .
this , then , is the model which seems to us most appropriate for [trying] empirically to answer our question : how can we measure the effects of client participation on the effectiveness of social work intervention ? using the six measurement criteria summarized at the end of the section on client participation , we are able to measure the extent to which our clients are participating in the community work project ( the independent variable ) , and the model presented in this section allows us to evaluate the effectiveness of the project ( the dependent variable ) in a number of different ways .

But in attempting to become Asia 's first holder of the game 's ultimate prize , the rising star of the East aims to prove that the ‘ the twain ’ can not only meet but , by harnessing the best of both hemispheres , he can bring a new dimension to the green baize .
but in [trying] to become asia 's first holder of the game 's ultimate prize , the rising star of the east aims to prove that the ‘ the twain ’ can not only meet but , by harnessing the best of both hemispheres , he can bring a new dimension to the green baize .

In attempting to relate this schema to social work in child care , it became apparent that the secondary level includes a very wide spectrum of client situations and work undertaken . This is demonstrated if Parker 's definition of secondary prevention in child care is added ( 1980 ) :
in [trying] to relate this schema to social work in child care , it became apparent that the secondary level includes a very wide spectrum of client situations and work undertaken . this is demonstrated if parker 's definition of secondary prevention in child care is added ( 1980 ) :

For example , a good sailor gybing a short board changes his feet at the end of the turn ; the novice attempting this would find it very difficult since at this stage you should change the feet before changing the rig .
for example , a good sailor gybing a short board changes his feet at the end of the turn ; the novice [trying] this would find it very difficult since at this stage you should change the feet before changing the rig .

Keep low and vigorously throw the rig across the board ( to the right ) before attempting to sheet in
keep low and vigorously throw the rig across the board ( to the right ) before [trying] to sheet in

Attempting to use the straps when the wind is not strong enough .
[trying] to use the straps when the wind is not strong enough .

The funboard skills in this chapter draw heavily on good strong wind technique , and you should be able to sail comfortably in moderate to strong winds and use the harness and footstraps without mishap before attempting what follows .
the funboard skills in this chapter draw heavily on good strong wind technique , and you should be able to sail comfortably in moderate to strong winds and use the harness and footstraps without mishap before [trying] what follows .

In large surf it is sometimes worth slowing down ad letting a large wave pass before attempting the gybe .
in large surf it is sometimes worth slowing down ad letting a large wave pass before [trying] the gybe .

He 's liable to … to … ’ She looked at him before going on , for she had been going to say , ‘ beat you up , ’ but she could n't imagine anyone attempting to beat this young fellow up .
he 's liable to … to … ’ she looked at him before going on , for she had been going to say , ‘ beat you up , ’ but she could n't imagine anyone [trying] to beat this young fellow up .

It is worth noting that the collection includes essays that seek to explicate and contextualise Kristeva 's writings , for these will be useful to students attempting to assimilate the subtleties of her work .
it is worth noting that the collection includes essays that seek to explicate and contextualise kristeva 's writings , for these will be useful to students [trying] to assimilate the subtleties of her work .

Worse , Barry Dowd , injured in attempting a final tackle , joined Eyres in the casualty room , as Widnes were forced to field both their inexperienced Welsh substitutes before half-time .
worse , barry dowd , injured in [trying] a final tackle , joined eyres in the casualty room , as widnes were forced to field both their inexperienced welsh substitutes before half-time .

The disagreement follows China 's recent assertion that Britain was responsible for the crisis of confidence in Hong Kong and that Whitehall had ‘ connived ’ with locals who were attempting to overthrow the Chinese government .
the disagreement follows china 's recent assertion that britain was responsible for the crisis of confidence in hong kong and that whitehall had ‘ connived ’ with locals who were [trying] to overthrow the chinese government .

However , he accepted that the council was ‘ involved in an exercise of trading ’ rather than attempting to manage its debt and that local authorities can not be involved in trading activities without a specific power to do so .
however , he accepted that the council was ‘ involved in an exercise of trading ’ rather than [trying] to manage its debt and that local authorities can not be involved in trading activities without a specific power to do so .

During a jazzy quartet for the women , the company 's shambling clown is dangerously over-excited by one dancer 's leggy prowess , attempting to nuzzle up against her or to initiate a wildly mismatched pas de deux .
during a jazzy quartet for the women , the company 's shambling clown is dangerously over-excited by one dancer 's leggy prowess , [trying] to nuzzle up against her or to initiate a wildly mismatched pas de deux .

While there was no evidence of widespread abuse of calculators in the examination room , the boards , he said , were attempting to anticipate possible problems .
while there was no evidence of widespread abuse of calculators in the examination room , the boards , he said , were [trying] to anticipate possible problems .

Nationally , the company has been attempting to win a higher degree of commitment from the workforce .
nationally , the company has been [trying] to win a higher degree of commitment from the workforce .

’ In other words they hoped that by self-denial the Americans could dissuade the Russians from attempting it .
’ in other words they hoped that by self-denial the americans could dissuade the russians from [trying] it .

The young man was killed after becoming entangled in the unguarded rotors of a power harrow while attempting to remove a stone .
the young man was killed after becoming entangled in the unguarded rotors of a power harrow while [trying] to remove a stone .

Nissan , having launched two attractive new models in the Primera , which replaces the Bluebird , and the new Sunny ( now called Pulsar ) , and having established a highly productive and effective factory in the north-east to make them , now seems to be attempting to undo all it has achieved by going to war with the key to successful sales , the dealer network .
nissan , having launched two attractive new models in the primera , which replaces the bluebird , and the new sunny ( now called pulsar ) , and having established a highly productive and effective factory in the north-east to make them , now seems to be [trying] to undo all it has achieved by going to war with the key to successful sales , the dealer network .

It was they whose immediate vision was one of attempting to escape from the grind of poverty , and whose children were confined to the lowest levels of education offered in the elementary schools and the secondary , or ‘ post-Hadow ’ , schools .
it was they whose immediate vision was one of [trying] to escape from the grind of poverty , and whose children were confined to the lowest levels of education offered in the elementary schools and the secondary , or ‘ post-hadow ’ , schools .

Orwell felt that , by and large , the working class accepted their circumstances without seriously attempting to improve them .
orwell felt that , by and large , the working class accepted their circumstances without seriously [trying] to improve them .

The Trades Union Congress had called the strike in order to support the coal miners who had been locked out by the coal owners , who were attempting to impose wage reductions upon them .
the trades union congress had called the strike in order to support the coal miners who had been locked out by the coal owners , who were [trying] to impose wage reductions upon them .

Throughout the 1930s the main body of the party , whether led by Stanley Baldwin or Neville Chamberlain , tended to disown the British Union of Fascists while attempting to appease European fascism .
throughout the 1930s the main body of the party , whether led by stanley baldwin or neville chamberlain , tended to disown the british union of fascists while [trying] to appease european fascism .

Its opposition to the Communist Party , in particular , prevented it from even attempting to mount a mass political campaign in favour of the Republican government .
its opposition to the communist party , in particular , prevented it from even [trying] to mount a mass political campaign in favour of the republican government .

Sara Champion , in And God Created Manchester ( Wordsmith Books , £9.99 ) , writes directly from the most important music city of the last year and she should be much praised for attempting to dig beneath the surface .
sara champion , in and god created manchester ( wordsmith books , £9.99 ) , writes directly from the most important music city of the last year and she should be much praised for [trying] to dig beneath the surface .

Along the top of the ridge near the ski-lift station where they 'd just been assembled and accoutred , forty of fifty unwilling looking soldiers were strung out in a line attempting to obey orders and words of command from Non-Commissioned Officers who had sensibly omitted to incommode themselves with skis .
along the top of the ridge near the ski-lift station where they 'd just been assembled and accoutred , forty of fifty unwilling looking soldiers were strung out in a line [trying] to obey orders and words of command from non-commissioned officers who had sensibly omitted to incommode themselves with skis .

We are in fact attempting to persuade a high-powered calculating machine to imitate the process of human shape perception .
we are in fact [trying] to persuade a high-powered calculating machine to imitate the process of human shape perception .

By attempting to imitate a human cognitive process , however , we are straying into the notoriously difficult sub-discipline of computer science known as artificial intelligence , and anyone working in this field would agree that many of its problems have yet to be solved .
by [trying] to imitate a human cognitive process , however , we are straying into the notoriously difficult sub-discipline of computer science known as artificial intelligence , and anyone working in this field would agree that many of its problems have yet to be solved .

Ludens stood rigid , not attempting to hold her .
ludens stood rigid , not [trying] to hold her .

In many cases they have , through time , been attempting to subsist on farms that have become progressively smaller without becoming more productive .
in many cases they have , through time , been [trying] to subsist on farms that have become progressively smaller without becoming more productive .

This frequently ends up with the state attempting to protect the environment from the majority of the people who use it .
this frequently ends up with the state [trying] to protect the environment from the majority of the people who use it .

Long Talking Bad Conditions Blues ( 1979 ) makes a virtue out of the condition of ‘ accelerated shatter ’ he had located in his earlier novels by attempting to link the diverse aspects of his text within a verbal flow , a ‘ stream of language ’ introduced by a twelve-page unpunctuated single sentence .
long talking bad conditions blues ( 1979 ) makes a virtue out of the condition of ‘ accelerated shatter ’ he had located in his earlier novels by [trying] to link the diverse aspects of his text within a verbal flow , a ‘ stream of language ’ introduced by a twelve-page unpunctuated single sentence .

Ricardou was particularly guilty of attempting to establish an officially sanctioned list of approved modernist precursors : the criteria he used were based on a simplistic and over-schematic distinction between writers who accepted a mimetic function and those for whom the materiality of language could be shown to be paramount .
ricardou was particularly guilty of [trying] to establish an officially sanctioned list of approved modernist precursors : the criteria he used were based on a simplistic and over-schematic distinction between writers who accepted a mimetic function and those for whom the materiality of language could be shown to be paramount .

’ the exhausted woman exclaimed , attempting jollity because she saw that the child was distressed by her failure .
’ the exhausted woman exclaimed , [trying] jollity because she saw that the child was distressed by her failure .

The Pearce-Hall ( 1980 ) model faces a further problem in attempting to deal with contextual effects .
the pearce-hall ( 1980 ) model faces a further problem in [trying] to deal with contextual effects .

In attempting to explain this last finding , Hall and Honey ( 1990 ) offered a suggestion based on the observation ( made by many but see , e.g .
in [trying] to explain this last finding , hall and honey ( 1990 ) offered a suggestion based on the observation ( made by many but see , e.g .

He was not attempting to pick the team for tonight 's First Division match against Wimbledon .
he was not [trying] to pick the team for tonight 's first division match against wimbledon .

But the committee has denied that it is attempting to influence the outcome of the election .
but the committee has denied that it is [trying] to influence the outcome of the election .

Mr Chihana , the secretary-general of the influential Southern Africa Trade Union Co-ordination Council , who flew from Johannesburg to Lilongwe , Malawi 's capital , was detained while he was attempting to read a prepared statement after he descended the steps of a South African Airways flight .
mr chihana , the secretary-general of the influential southern africa trade union co-ordination council , who flew from johannesburg to lilongwe , malawi 's capital , was detained while he was [trying] to read a prepared statement after he descended the steps of a south african airways flight .

Since it seems they are not to be permitted to cut student numbers , they are attempting to increase income .
since it seems they are not to be permitted to cut student numbers , they are [trying] to increase income .

For years the International Stock Exchange has been attempting to reduce the flow of paper on share transactions through the evolution of a computerised system known as Taurus .
for years the international stock exchange has been [trying] to reduce the flow of paper on share transactions through the evolution of a computerised system known as taurus .

Fimbra , as the regulatory body of middlemen who sell investment and insurance products , is attempting to require that these intermediaries hold professional indemnity insurance cover through a centralised scheme provided by Fimbra .
fimbra , as the regulatory body of middlemen who sell investment and insurance products , is [trying] to require that these intermediaries hold professional indemnity insurance cover through a centralised scheme provided by fimbra .

But problems do arise when attempting to test complete programs of several segments .
but problems do arise when [trying] to test complete programs of several segments .

Nor does it contemplate the knock-on consequences for Labour ministers of attempting to implement their programme while rebuilding the governmental machine .
nor does it contemplate the knock-on consequences for labour ministers of [trying] to implement their programme while rebuilding the governmental machine .

But this will be to no avail if the choreographer is attempting to tell a story and does not have expert advice from musicians of the calibre of Edwin Evans , Constant Lambert and John Lanchbery .
but this will be to no avail if the choreographer is [trying] to tell a story and does not have expert advice from musicians of the calibre of edwin evans , constant lambert and john lanchbery .

If the choreographer is attempting to draw and communicate a moving picture of the individual character and physical attributes which permanently affect the manner of acting , feeling and thinking of their hero , heroine and entire cast , then they must study not only the general outline and background of their chosen story or theme , but also the beliefs , ways of life and traditions which have given life to the people and tales of different countries .
if the choreographer is [trying] to draw and communicate a moving picture of the individual character and physical attributes which permanently affect the manner of acting , feeling and thinking of their hero , heroine and entire cast , then they must study not only the general outline and background of their chosen story or theme , but also the beliefs , ways of life and traditions which have given life to the people and tales of different countries .

After studying the above ballets it may well be asked what is modern style ? Before attempting a new definition ( see page 12 ) it would be better to consider two important factors , namely the art of the general and the art of the particular . The art of the general
after studying the above ballets it may well be asked what is modern style ? before [trying] a new definition ( see page 12 ) it would be better to consider two important factors , namely the art of the general and the art of the particular . the art of the general

Inside , about 12 demonstrators , believed to be National Front members , were ejected by police after attempting to disrupt the meeting .
inside , about 12 demonstrators , believed to be national front members , were ejected by police after [trying] to disrupt the meeting .

Monitoring and attempting to prevent the pollution will cost millions over the next few years and will be passed directly to the consumer as an unforseen expense .
monitoring and [trying] to prevent the pollution will cost millions over the next few years and will be passed directly to the consumer as an unforseen expense .

The changes will not come into force until 1991 and Lloyd 's stressed that it was attempting to introduce safeguards to ensure the market 's underwriting standards did not deteroriate .
the changes will not come into force until 1991 and lloyd 's stressed that it was [trying] to introduce safeguards to ensure the market 's underwriting standards did not deteroriate .

The changes will not come into force until 1991 and Lloyd 's stressed that it was attempting to introduce safeguards to ensure the market 's underwriting standards did not deteroriate .
the changes will not come into force until 1991 and lloyd 's stressed that it was [trying] to introduce safeguards to ensure the market 's underwriting standards did not deteroriate .

She thrashed her arms , attempting to swim towards him .
she thrashed her arms , [trying] to swim towards him .

This involves attempting to put yourself in the consumer 's shoes so as to identify with their hopes and expectations and finding ways of meeting these .
this involves [trying] to put yourself in the consumer 's shoes so as to identify with their hopes and expectations and finding ways of meeting these .

There is no justification in attempting to emphasise the superficially attractive at the expense of those things that form the core of our work .
there is no justification in [trying] to emphasise the superficially attractive at the expense of those things that form the core of our work .

Attempting to duck the consequences of hard decisions by leaving them to the last possible minute or by creating distance through solely informing parents by letter places the initiative in the hands of others .
[trying] to duck the consequences of hard decisions by leaving them to the last possible minute or by creating distance through solely informing parents by letter places the initiative in the hands of others .

Candy , a travelling tinker , was arrested on 23 July for attempting to slash a man with a razor .
candy , a travelling tinker , was arrested on 23 july for [trying] to slash a man with a razor .

Shill 's suggestion that his wife committed suicide was dashed by the evidence of Dr Norris , who insisted that most of the head injuries would have been impossible to achieve by someone attempting suicide and that , in the annals of crime , he had yet to hear of a case where a person attempted suicide by bashing his head with a flat iron .
shill 's suggestion that his wife committed suicide was dashed by the evidence of dr norris , who insisted that most of the head injuries would have been impossible to achieve by someone [trying] suicide and that , in the annals of crime , he had yet to hear of a case where a person attempted suicide by bashing his head with a flat iron .

Hutt was small , 5′2″ , and did his best to compensate for this by attempting to achieve status as a local spender , a pretence at affluence his lowly job as a labourer did not support .
hutt was small , 5′2″ , and did his best to compensate for this by [trying] to achieve status as a local spender , a pretence at affluence his lowly job as a labourer did not support .

Perhaps the decision was made because it was here that Manzoni fell when attempting to negotiate a stairway with more enthusiasm than regard for his age .
perhaps the decision was made because it was here that manzoni fell when [trying] to negotiate a stairway with more enthusiasm than regard for his age .

Had he worried about the possibility of atomic warfare when he was attempting to split the atom , he would never have gone on ; and we would have lost the many benefits nuclear physics has given us , such as freely available power and treatment of disease .
had he worried about the possibility of atomic warfare when he was [trying] to split the atom , he would never have gone on ; and we would have lost the many benefits nuclear physics has given us , such as freely available power and treatment of disease .

Kisling is attempting to refill Modi 's glass .
kisling is [trying] to refill modi 's glass .

Children 's early invented spellings often demonstrate logical consistency ; this grasp of regularity should be recognised as an initial achievement and children should be helped to be confident in attempting to spell words for themselves without undue dependence on the teacher .
children 's early invented spellings often demonstrate logical consistency ; this grasp of regularity should be recognised as an initial achievement and children should be helped to be confident in [trying] to spell words for themselves without undue dependence on the teacher .

In many Latin American countries , governments have realised that the cheapest way of attempting to solve the housing problem is to upgrade existing housing settlements and ease the development of new sites and services , rather than attempt the seemingly impossible task of constructing buildings sufficient to house the urban population .
in many latin american countries , governments have realised that the cheapest way of [trying] to solve the housing problem is to upgrade existing housing settlements and ease the development of new sites and services , rather than attempt the seemingly impossible task of constructing buildings sufficient to house the urban population .

’ One of the men who had to walk down this precarious companionway was Malcolm MacDonald , the British dominions secretary in 1938 , still vainly attempting to reconcile the desperate promises of the First World War before the outbreak of the Second , trying to preserve order in the British mandate of Palestine by restricting Jewish immigration .
’ one of the men who had to walk down this precarious companionway was malcolm macdonald , the british dominions secretary in 1938 , still vainly [trying] to reconcile the desperate promises of the first world war before the outbreak of the second , trying to preserve order in the british mandate of palestine by restricting jewish immigration .

In all these and similar ways a government can exercise power and control over people without attempting thereby to exercise authority over them .
in all these and similar ways a government can exercise power and control over people without [trying] thereby to exercise authority over them .

If members of a conquering nation called upon the nation they had conquered and continued to hold down to forget their specific nationality and position , to ‘ sink national differences ’ and so forth , that was not internationalism , it was nothing else but preaching to them submission to the yoke , and attempting to justify and perpetuate the domination of the conqueror under the cloak of internationalism .
if members of a conquering nation called upon the nation they had conquered and continued to hold down to forget their specific nationality and position , to ‘ sink national differences ’ and so forth , that was not internationalism , it was nothing else but preaching to them submission to the yoke , and [trying] to justify and perpetuate the domination of the conqueror under the cloak of internationalism .

The duty of the police when they arrest without warrant is , no doubt , to be quick to see the possibility of crime , but equally they ought to be anxious to avoid mistaking the innocent for the guilty … They may have to act on the spur of the moment and have no time to reflect and be bound , therefore , to arrest to prevent escape ; but where there is no danger of the person who has ex hypothesi aroused their suspicion that he probably is an ‘ offender ’ attempting to escape , they should make all presently practicable enquiries from persons present or immediately accessible who are likely to be able to answer their enquiries forthwith .
the duty of the police when they arrest without warrant is , no doubt , to be quick to see the possibility of crime , but equally they ought to be anxious to avoid mistaking the innocent for the guilty … they may have to act on the spur of the moment and have no time to reflect and be bound , therefore , to arrest to prevent escape ; but where there is no danger of the person who has ex hypothesi aroused their suspicion that he probably is an ‘ offender ’ [trying] to escape , they should make all presently practicable enquiries from persons present or immediately accessible who are likely to be able to answer their enquiries forthwith .

It is not only that those extreme means of attempting to extort confessions , for example the rack and thumbscrew , which have sometimes disfigured the system of criminal justice in this country , are abhorrent to any civilised society , but that they and other less awful , though not necessarily less potent , means of applying pressure to an accused person to speak do not necessarily produce speech or the truth .
it is not only that those extreme means of [trying] to extort confessions , for example the rack and thumbscrew , which have sometimes disfigured the system of criminal justice in this country , are abhorrent to any civilised society , but that they and other less awful , though not necessarily less potent , means of applying pressure to an accused person to speak do not necessarily produce speech or the truth .

With fewer resources it might in some cases have been necessary , and would certainly have been lawful , to preserve the peace by preventing individual returning miners from attempting to pass through picket lines .
with fewer resources it might in some cases have been necessary , and would certainly have been lawful , to preserve the peace by preventing individual returning miners from [trying] to pass through picket lines .

John was always prepared to take suggestions from his chosen dancers and also from Peggy van Praagh , who told me that her function was most often to suggest that he was attempting too much and ought to take something out .
john was always prepared to take suggestions from his chosen dancers and also from peggy van praagh , who told me that her function was most often to suggest that he was [trying] too much and ought to take something out .

In 1632 ‘ a crowd of women and men , armed with scythes and pitchforks , uttered threatening words ’ to anyone attempting to drive their cattle off Holme fen .
in 1632 ‘ a crowd of women and men , armed with scythes and pitchforks , uttered threatening words ’ to anyone [trying] to drive their cattle off holme fen .

The Medway Letter Line was meant to include ‘ unknown ’ floods , as well as recorded ones , and as information on flooding has become more sophisticated , it can now be seen to have overstated the benefit area by attempting to be on the safe side .
the medway letter line was meant to include ‘ unknown ’ floods , as well as recorded ones , and as information on flooding has become more sophisticated , it can now be seen to have overstated the benefit area by [trying] to be on the safe side .

It had a difficult-to-hit quality about it , an almost larky imperviousness to attempting to interfere with it .
it had a difficult-to-hit quality about it , an almost larky imperviousness to [trying] to interfere with it .

Another wonderful view was the truck , showing no signs of having been surrounded by angry aluminium workers attempting to tow it away .
another wonderful view was the truck , showing no signs of having been surrounded by angry aluminium workers [trying] to tow it away .

Four young men were appearing on chargers of peddling drugs , an old lady had had her hand chopped off whilst attempting to retain her purse , containing just two and eightpence , and a motorway to end all motorways was proposed which would wipe out six particularly exquisite villages and several hundred miles of countryside .
four young men were appearing on chargers of peddling drugs , an old lady had had her hand chopped off whilst [trying] to retain her purse , containing just two and eightpence , and a motorway to end all motorways was proposed which would wipe out six particularly exquisite villages and several hundred miles of countryside .

The Building Research Establishment , in attempting to assess the consequences of cracking , published an assessment of visible damage to walls and plaster .
the building research establishment , in [trying] to assess the consequences of cracking , published an assessment of visible damage to walls and plaster .

The specific form was built upon the notion that the outbreak of violence in Handsworth and Brixton , in particular , was brought about by ‘ drug barons ’ who saw the police attempting to curb their activities and control ‘ their territory ’ .
the specific form was built upon the notion that the outbreak of violence in handsworth and brixton , in particular , was brought about by ‘ drug barons ’ who saw the police [trying] to curb their activities and control ‘ their territory ’ .

Have a good look around before attempting the transaction .
have a good look around before [trying] the transaction .

With a planned hospital stay you will have been told to prepare for the operation as best as you can , perhaps by losing some weight , discontinuing any medication that you may be taking , or attempting to stop smoking .
with a planned hospital stay you will have been told to prepare for the operation as best as you can , perhaps by losing some weight , discontinuing any medication that you may be taking , or [trying] to stop smoking .

Meanwhile Mr Jagger has been attempting to put the record straight about his musical colleague , Mr William Wyman , the bass ( sic ) player , who recently declared that the belipped chanteur was ‘ an egomaniac ’ and then went on to dispute Mr Jagger 's claim to be the author of the seminal lied , ‘ Jumping Jack Flash ’ .
meanwhile mr jagger has been [trying] to put the record straight about his musical colleague , mr william wyman , the bass ( sic ) player , who recently declared that the belipped chanteur was ‘ an egomaniac ’ and then went on to dispute mr jagger 's claim to be the author of the seminal lied , ‘ jumping jack flash ’ .

The freedoms of childhood include flirting with father and attempting to seduce mother in the safe knowledge that this is play and it will not get out of hand .
the freedoms of childhood include flirting with father and [trying] to seduce mother in the safe knowledge that this is play and it will not get out of hand .

People who can allow themselves to know about their envy at least give themselves a chance of attempting to handle it relatively wisely .
people who can allow themselves to know about their envy at least give themselves a chance of [trying] to handle it relatively wisely .

Women then feel a choice has to be made — one that has been socially determined — between attempting to conform or relinquishing their claim to a ‘ proper ’ sexual identity .
women then feel a choice has to be made — one that has been socially determined — between [trying] to conform or relinquishing their claim to a ‘ proper ’ sexual identity .

From this perspective , the remedy lies not so much in providing personal help as in attempting to reconcile the activities of women and the values of society more effectively .
from this perspective , the remedy lies not so much in providing personal help as in [trying] to reconcile the activities of women and the values of society more effectively .

Yet neither are we attempting to understate the value of theoretical abstraction .
yet neither are we [trying] to understate the value of theoretical abstraction .

Moreover , these successes have to be set beside the less successful regeneration projects attempting to replicate the well known formula in cities such as Richmond ( Virginia ) , Toledo ( Ohio ) and Flint ( Michigan ) , all of which are faltering ( Guskind , 1989 ) .
moreover , these successes have to be set beside the less successful regeneration projects [trying] to replicate the well known formula in cities such as richmond ( virginia ) , toledo ( ohio ) and flint ( michigan ) , all of which are faltering ( guskind , 1989 ) .

Next morning the gale frustrated attempts to use fireships against those which had got into the Vilaine but , in attempting to evade its pursuers , the Soleil Royal was forced on to an offshore shoal and burned by her own crew .
next morning the gale frustrated attempts to use fireships against those which had got into the vilaine but , in [trying] to evade its pursuers , the soleil royal was forced on to an offshore shoal and burned by her own crew .

Smaller library authorities have traditionally faced the problem of lack of staff ‘ mobility ’ , with difficulties in releasing staff from normal service points : the ability of libraries with larger establishments to release groups of staff , making internal training viable and economic , or to be able to afford external courses , has perhaps contributed to a tendency to define training largely in terms of off-the-job courses which may have discouraged some libraries from even attempting to develop a coherent overall training plan .
smaller library authorities have traditionally faced the problem of lack of staff ‘ mobility ’ , with difficulties in releasing staff from normal service points : the ability of libraries with larger establishments to release groups of staff , making internal training viable and economic , or to be able to afford external courses , has perhaps contributed to a tendency to define training largely in terms of off-the-job courses which may have discouraged some libraries from even [trying] to develop a coherent overall training plan .

This can be best accomplished by understanding exactly how different issues are perceived by the one we are attempting to love .
this can be best accomplished by understanding exactly how different issues are perceived by the one we are [trying] to love .

Germany was too desperate about its own sense of identity and too bound up in attempting false solutions to its internal problems to realise this .
germany was too desperate about its own sense of identity and too bound up in [trying] false solutions to its internal problems to realise this .

Slowly , painstakingly , these people set about preserving and promoting Poland 's folk-life , while attempting to assimilate Polish szlachta culture and cultural values for themselves .
slowly , painstakingly , these people set about preserving and promoting poland 's folk-life , while [trying] to assimilate polish szlachta culture and cultural values for themselves .

It lacked industrial power , but alienated its neighbour and allies alike by attempting to rectify this ; it failed to maintain a democratic government , yet under the circumstances it was highly unlikely that any state could have done so .
it lacked industrial power , but alienated its neighbour and allies alike by [trying] to rectify this ; it failed to maintain a democratic government , yet under the circumstances it was highly unlikely that any state could have done so .

The problem here is that while purse nets will account for all the rabbits leaving the netted holes — or those attempting to return via those holes — some rabbits will undoubtedly return to the warren via the unnetted holes .
the problem here is that while purse nets will account for all the rabbits leaving the netted holes — or those [trying] to return via those holes — some rabbits will undoubtedly return to the warren via the unnetted holes .

We are now attempting to identify the worst components of the transportation procedure to make recommendations for improvements in the design of lorries or in driving or handling practice .
we are now [trying] to identify the worst components of the transportation procedure to make recommendations for improvements in the design of lorries or in driving or handling practice .

The poverty-stricken Spanish people were attempting to shake off the shackles and feudalism imposed mainly by the Catholic church .
the poverty-stricken spanish people were [trying] to shake off the shackles and feudalism imposed mainly by the catholic church .

Mounted police were also in the thick of it , riding up and down , shouting at the marchers and attempting to discourage spectators from joining the demonstration .
mounted police were also in the thick of it , riding up and down , shouting at the marchers and [trying] to discourage spectators from joining the demonstration .

He was not , in fact , the first to work with the Longhorns : a blacksmith named Welby living on the borders of Leicestershire and Derbyshire had been attempting systematic improvement of the type using animals from the Derbyshire herd of Sir Thomas Gresley of Drakelow House , Burton-on-Trent ( a herd which by 1720 was already uniform and impressively well matched for shape and colour ) , and a Mr Webster of Canley , near Coventry , bred animals from the same herd with stock from Westmorland and Lancashire .
he was not , in fact , the first to work with the longhorns : a blacksmith named welby living on the borders of leicestershire and derbyshire had been [trying] systematic improvement of the type using animals from the derbyshire herd of sir thomas gresley of drakelow house , burton-on-trent ( a herd which by 1720 was already uniform and impressively well matched for shape and colour ) , and a mr webster of canley , near coventry , bred animals from the same herd with stock from westmorland and lancashire .

In the last ten years or so a group of enthusiastic breeders has been attempting to locate and rescue some of the coloured cattle of Wales and in 1981 a breed society for the Ancient or Coloured Cattle of Wales was set up ; its Welsh title is Gwartheg Hynafol Cymru .
in the last ten years or so a group of enthusiastic breeders has been [trying] to locate and rescue some of the coloured cattle of wales and in 1981 a breed society for the ancient or coloured cattle of wales was set up ; its welsh title is gwartheg hynafol cymru .

Before attempting the meditation and visualisation exercises suggested later in this chapter , it is important to master the art of letting go .
before [trying] the meditation and visualisation exercises suggested later in this chapter , it is important to master the art of letting go .

This administration believes that government has been attempting to do too much .
this administration believes that government has been [trying] to do too much .

The American Library Association 's Guidelines for the allocation of library materials budgets gives a useful discussion of the principles of allocation without attempting any practical recommendations .
the american library association 's guidelines for the allocation of library materials budgets gives a useful discussion of the principles of allocation without [trying] any practical recommendations .

The interest and motivation of the reader will normally overcome any deficiencies in the writing , and the librarian need not waste time attempting stylistic assessment .
the interest and motivation of the reader will normally overcome any deficiencies in the writing , and the librarian need not waste time [trying] stylistic assessment .

If it were possible to draw up reasonably accurate guidelines showing the rate of decline in use for each subject this would clearly serve as valuable background information for the librarian attempting to make discard or relegation decisions on individual volumes within those subject areas .
if it were possible to draw up reasonably accurate guidelines showing the rate of decline in use for each subject this would clearly serve as valuable background information for the librarian [trying] to make discard or relegation decisions on individual volumes within those subject areas .

The most difficult part of the process was attempting to identify information links between the system components , ie the source of information required by the activity , and the destination of the information produced .
the most difficult part of the process was [trying] to identify information links between the system components , ie the source of information required by the activity , and the destination of the information produced .

The latter is , of course , unlikely to be chosen and would be extremely difficult to measure , but does emphasise the need to determine a neutral view of a procedure before attempting to measure its success .
the latter is , of course , unlikely to be chosen and would be extremely difficult to measure , but does emphasise the need to determine a neutral view of a procedure before [trying] to measure its success .

The clarity and definition of rich pictures can be aided by using computer graphics ; however , attempting to construct them on a computer from the outset can impose artificial constraints , and the original pictures should always be drawn freehand .
the clarity and definition of rich pictures can be aided by using computer graphics ; however , [trying] to construct them on a computer from the outset can impose artificial constraints , and the original pictures should always be drawn freehand .

Making a sketch in rich picture form when gathering information for any type of study , or when attempting to obtain an overview of a complex situation .
making a sketch in rich picture form when gathering information for any type of study , or when [trying] to obtain an overview of a complex situation .

But it seems most likely that it is either a potential beneficiary of this disposition , or one of the testatrix 's sons who is attempting to clarify his rights with respect to the land .
but it seems most likely that it is either a potential beneficiary of this disposition , or one of the testatrix 's sons who is [trying] to clarify his rights with respect to the land .

Dissatisfaction with this highly indirect method of attempting to secure a modus must have been considerable .
dissatisfaction with this highly indirect method of [trying] to secure a modus must have been considerable .

It is a symptom of sociology 's low status as a scientific discipline that so many researchers still seem to be seeking for the philosophers ' stone , or seeking status by attempting to theorize beyond their means .
it is a symptom of sociology 's low status as a scientific discipline that so many researchers still seem to be seeking for the philosophers ' stone , or seeking status by [trying] to theorize beyond their means .

The use of images that are subtly out of tune with our inner world can be extremely damaging and many of the images and practices applied by practitioners can cause new problems while attempting to solve existing ones .
the use of images that are subtly out of tune with our inner world can be extremely damaging and many of the images and practices applied by practitioners can cause new problems while [trying] to solve existing ones .

For example , if you have boldface letters in italics , attempting to clear the emboldening ( Alt+Spacebar ) will also clear the italics .
for example , if you have boldface letters in italics , [trying] to clear the emboldening ( alt+spacebar ) will also clear the italics .

There are many recorded instances of mass deaths of lemmings after a phase of population expansion , when they have apparently become subjected to some form of social stress that leads to their attempting to migrate across impassable barriers ( Elton , 1942 ) .
there are many recorded instances of mass deaths of lemmings after a phase of population expansion , when they have apparently become subjected to some form of social stress that leads to their [trying] to migrate across impassable barriers ( elton , 1942 ) .

This is an important consideration when attempting to interpret palaeoecology from the composition of fossil faunas that are derived from predator activity , and it has been treated in some detail in the appendix , where comparative data for a number of the predator species has been summarized .
this is an important consideration when [trying] to interpret palaeoecology from the composition of fossil faunas that are derived from predator activity , and it has been treated in some detail in the appendix , where comparative data for a number of the predator species has been summarized .

Since these variations can occur within a single species , and even within a single individual , it is clear that good samples are necessary before attempting to distinguish patterns .
since these variations can occur within a single species , and even within a single individual , it is clear that good samples are necessary before [trying] to distinguish patterns .

Encouraged by these words , persons attempting to ‘ manage the curriculum ’ within the framework of the Education Reform Act will turn to the body of the text .
encouraged by these words , persons [trying] to ‘ manage the curriculum ’ within the framework of the education reform act will turn to the body of the text .

At Hinde House we were aware of the changes inherent in taking all the proposals , concerns and issues in education , attempting a series of separate and discreet changes , and then finding a lack of coherence regarding the whole curriculum , with the added possibility of incomplete and ineffective curriculum change causing frustration amongst teaching staff .
at hinde house we were aware of the changes inherent in taking all the proposals , concerns and issues in education , [trying] a series of separate and discreet changes , and then finding a lack of coherence regarding the whole curriculum , with the added possibility of incomplete and ineffective curriculum change causing frustration amongst teaching staff .

It is an invaluable source of information to those attempting to prevent or seeking to abate odour problems .
it is an invaluable source of information to those [trying] to prevent or seeking to abate odour problems .

You might be trying to do this via their thoughts , beliefs , attitudes , feelings or by directly attempting to influence their behaviour .
you might be trying to do this via their thoughts , beliefs , attitudes , feelings or by directly [trying] to influence their behaviour .

Reinforcement , or lack of it , plays a major part in all behaviour and is especially important when attempting to get people to do what you want them to do .
reinforcement , or lack of it , plays a major part in all behaviour and is especially important when [trying] to get people to do what you want them to do .

The reorganization in England recognized some important variations between areas , for example in ( not always successfully ) attempting to distinguish between metropolitan districts ( such as Sheffield , Birmingham and Manchester ) and non-metropolitan districts ( such as South Northamptonshire and South Bedfordshire ) .
the reorganization in england recognized some important variations between areas , for example in ( not always successfully ) [trying] to distinguish between metropolitan districts ( such as sheffield , birmingham and manchester ) and non-metropolitan districts ( such as south northamptonshire and south bedfordshire ) .

O'Leary ( 1987 ) argues that attempting to identify general trends revealed in the attack on local government may be a mistake , since it ignores the importance of political style within government .
o'leary ( 1987 ) argues that [trying] to identify general trends revealed in the attack on local government may be a mistake , since it ignores the importance of political style within government .

£1 this comes at the same time as having to make fundamental changes to central corporate systems to address the issues of , on the one hand , the Local Government Act 1988 ( which contains the requirements of competition legislation ) and , on the other hand , attempting to identify and apportion expenditure to individual schools and colleges to meet the requirements of the Education Act 1988 .
£1 this comes at the same time as having to make fundamental changes to central corporate systems to address the issues of , on the one hand , the local government act 1988 ( which contains the requirements of competition legislation ) and , on the other hand , [trying] to identify and apportion expenditure to individual schools and colleges to meet the requirements of the education act 1988 .

Management would also be obliged to consult employees ' representatives on matters likely to have serious consequences for their interests , with a view to attempting to reach agreement .
management would also be obliged to consult employees ' representatives on matters likely to have serious consequences for their interests , with a view to [trying] to reach agreement .

In less than six hours ' time — and there it would still be night — he would be attempting to scale the steel wall , trying not to get crushed against it .
in less than six hours ' time — and there it would still be night — he would be [trying] to scale the steel wall , trying not to get crushed against it .

He came directly to the parlour shared by Astorre , John and Tobie , followed by servants attempting to rid him of his wet cloak .
he came directly to the parlour shared by astorre , john and tobie , followed by servants [trying] to rid him of his wet cloak .

One of them had broken away and appeared to be attempting to struggle upwind .
one of them had broken away and appeared to be [trying] to struggle upwind .

Chin set in a parody of male stubbornness , Bill was attempting to convey to his wife his urgent need to get away from this madness aid return to the house where they were staying .
chin set in a parody of male stubbornness , bill was [trying] to convey to his wife his urgent need to get away from this madness aid return to the house where they were staying .

Their medieval neighbours who considered their conduct unneighbourly , unjust and unfair , would have had no hesitation in attempting to tighten their looseness in the interests of the common good .
their medieval neighbours who considered their conduct unneighbourly , unjust and unfair , would have had no hesitation in [trying] to tighten their looseness in the interests of the common good .

Some are now attempting to combat the isolation they feel by setting up a national body to represent their interests .
some are now [trying] to combat the isolation they feel by setting up a national body to represent their interests .

For the second time in its history , New Scientist is attempting to move from a printing process based on solid metal type to one in which a computer stores the words .
for the second time in its history , new scientist is [trying] to move from a printing process based on solid metal type to one in which a computer stores the words .

More than 100 development groups throughout the world are working on the technology , many of them attempting to update old designs to work with modern engines .
more than 100 development groups throughout the world are working on the technology , many of them [trying] to update old designs to work with modern engines .

Already Jones is attempting to establish a joint parliamentary standing committee on science and technology , with the specific purpose of raising the level of understanding among parliamentarians .
already jones is [trying] to establish a joint parliamentary standing committee on science and technology , with the specific purpose of raising the level of understanding among parliamentarians .

The Italian branch of the World Wildlife Fund sponsors a wolf group , which is attempting to preserve that animal .
the italian branch of the world wildlife fund sponsors a wolf group , which is [trying] to preserve that animal .

The advisory panel , known as the Solar System Exploration Committee , faced the daunting task of reviving exploration of the Solar System within budgetary limits well below the deep-pocket days of the 1960s and 1970s . While attempting to stay within $300 million a year , the committee also recommends as essential missions :
the advisory panel , known as the solar system exploration committee , faced the daunting task of reviving exploration of the solar system within budgetary limits well below the deep-pocket days of the 1960s and 1970s . while [trying] to stay within $300 million a year , the committee also recommends as essential missions :

By attempting to sustain life at all costs , and by refusing to admit the fact that death is a good and proper part of life , doctors are in error .
by [trying] to sustain life at all costs , and by refusing to admit the fact that death is a good and proper part of life , doctors are in error .

They can also help one another to defeat an attack by rival male baboons that are attempting to take over their shared females .
they can also help one another to defeat an attack by rival male baboons that are [trying] to take over their shared females .

‘ To refine these further by attempting to specify what it is hoped that a Mosotho child should know , feel and have the skills to do as a result of a full Primary education and at each stage during that education .
‘ to refine these further by [trying] to specify what it is hoped that a mosotho child should know , feel and have the skills to do as a result of a full primary education and at each stage during that education .

But whatever criteria we use , we can not conceivably make valid judgements unless we spell out what we are attempting to achieve and try to measure whether we have achieved it or not .
but whatever criteria we use , we can not conceivably make valid judgements unless we spell out what we are [trying] to achieve and try to measure whether we have achieved it or not .

It seemed that both incomers and Shetlanders presumed that the researchers did have a clearcut image of conflict in the area and that they were just fiddling about trying to show it , rather than attempting to do something about it ( e.g .
it seemed that both incomers and shetlanders presumed that the researchers did have a clearcut image of conflict in the area and that they were just fiddling about trying to show it , rather than [trying] to do something about it ( e.g .

When he was about half-way he paused and whistled loudly like a blackbird that was attempting a Gregorian chant .
when he was about half-way he paused and whistled loudly like a blackbird that was [trying] a gregorian chant .

The gap between the ride and the swamp was a different matter , for if the children were attempting that route their progress was bound to be slow .
the gap between the ride and the swamp was a different matter , for if the children were [trying] that route their progress was bound to be slow .

Attempting to predict the changes likely to take place in practices and in the world at large and their consequences for Institutional education policy , has been a function of the educational committees of the Institution and the centres of full-time education , all of whom have been addressing the question since early 1985 .
[trying] to predict the changes likely to take place in practices and in the world at large and their consequences for institutional education policy , has been a function of the educational committees of the institution and the centres of full-time education , all of whom have been addressing the question since early 1985 .

But instead of attempting to place any one of them in opposition to the others as the key feature , it integrates them all as being the expressions of the basic contradiction of capitalism , that is , the striving continually to expand production , and in particular the production of surplus-value , as opposed to the relatively restricted consuming power of the population .
but instead of [trying] to place any one of them in opposition to the others as the key feature , it integrates them all as being the expressions of the basic contradiction of capitalism , that is , the striving continually to expand production , and in particular the production of surplus-value , as opposed to the relatively restricted consuming power of the population .

Nevertheless , Bukharin was attempting to look beyond ‘ war communism ’ to a situation where a genuine exchange could be achieved .
nevertheless , bukharin was [trying] to look beyond ‘ war communism ’ to a situation where a genuine exchange could be achieved .

Preobrazhensky was claiming to be an orthodox Marxist , and indeed claimed that his opponents were vulgarisers , but he was attempting to apply the method of historical materialism in an un- historical manner .
preobrazhensky was claiming to be an orthodox marxist , and indeed claimed that his opponents were vulgarisers , but he was [trying] to apply the method of historical materialism in an un- historical manner .

So , by attempting to abstract state industry from its relations with the private sector , and particularly the peasant sector , Preobrazhensky abstracted from the particular and peculiar nature of the transitional economy .
so , by [trying] to abstract state industry from its relations with the private sector , and particularly the peasant sector , preobrazhensky abstracted from the particular and peculiar nature of the transitional economy .

That Bukharin was preparing for a struggle with Stalin at this point can not be doubted and he was attempting to drum up international support among other parties of the Comintern .
that bukharin was preparing for a struggle with stalin at this point can not be doubted and he was [trying] to drum up international support among other parties of the comintern .

It is much easier to lean further forward before attempting to rise or , if this is not possible , try bringing the feet back so they are almost under the body .
it is much easier to lean further forward before [trying] to rise or , if this is not possible , try bringing the feet back so they are almost under the body .

When you have to get up from a settee , it will take less effort if you first come to the edge of it before attempting to stand .
when you have to get up from a settee , it will take less effort if you first come to the edge of it before [trying] to stand .

Surely , even by the abysmal standards of these people , we can survive without this organised slaughter ? The fox population , like all of nature , will regulate its numbers without the revolting charade of killers attempting to justify their disgusting acts .
surely , even by the abysmal standards of these people , we can survive without this organised slaughter ? the fox population , like all of nature , will regulate its numbers without the revolting charade of killers [trying] to justify their disgusting acts .

was this our punishment for attempting to paddle on a Sunday ?
was this our punishment for [trying] to paddle on a sunday ?

But we are given an insight into the limitations of their cognitive capabilities when we observe a spider responding to a vibrating tuning fork by attempting to wrap it up for food .
but we are given an insight into the limitations of their cognitive capabilities when we observe a spider responding to a vibrating tuning fork by [trying] to wrap it up for food .

Indeed , rather than attempting to teach a chimpanzee to communicate like a human , it might have been considered easier to teach it to communicate like a dog .
indeed , rather than [trying] to teach a chimpanzee to communicate like a human , it might have been considered easier to teach it to communicate like a dog .

Doctors are far more aware of this possibility in children than they once were , and any parent attempting to fabricate symptoms is likely to be found out very quickly .
doctors are far more aware of this possibility in children than they once were , and any parent [trying] to fabricate symptoms is likely to be found out very quickly .

Testimonials on Vellum were awarded to James Roxburgh , aged 24 , and Joseph Stephens , aged 26 , for the rescue of a six-year-old from the River Thames at Blackfriars on 25th August 1923 ; John Connor , aged 60 , and John Burton , aged 48 , for the rescue of a man attempting suicide in the flooded River Aire at Leeds on 25th January 1925 .
testimonials on vellum were awarded to james roxburgh , aged 24 , and joseph stephens , aged 26 , for the rescue of a six-year-old from the river thames at blackfriars on 25th august 1923 ; john connor , aged 60 , and john burton , aged 48 , for the rescue of a man [trying] suicide in the flooded river aire at leeds on 25th january 1925 .

Certificates of Recommendation were awarded to Thomas Mundy , aged 60 , for the rescue of a boy aged 3 from a mill lode at Hull on 4th April 1906 ; Charles Pain in 1920 for saving a woman attempting suicide , and to Howard Swinbourne , aged 34 , for saving a suicidal woman from the River Trent at Nottingham on 20th May 1985 .
certificates of recommendation were awarded to thomas mundy , aged 60 , for the rescue of a boy aged 3 from a mill lode at hull on 4th april 1906 ; charles pain in 1920 for saving a woman [trying] suicide , and to howard swinbourne , aged 34 , for saving a suicidal woman from the river trent at nottingham on 20th may 1985 .

It is why many will sniff it and then walk away without even attempting to taste it .
it is why many will sniff it and then walk away without even [trying] to taste it .

Off they went again , attempting to complete nine shows a day and remain sane .
off they went again , [trying] to complete nine shows a day and remain sane .

It is important to consider why evaluation is carried out , when attempting to understand what evaluation is .
it is important to consider why evaluation is carried out , when [trying] to understand what evaluation is .

Thus , for example , the student with difficulty revising , having drawn up his plan of action , agreed to work on the first item on his list and not to be side-tracked into attempting other items at the same time .
thus , for example , the student with difficulty revising , having drawn up his plan of action , agreed to work on the first item on his list and not to be side-tracked into [trying] other items at the same time .

Finally , Interactionists lay great stress on social reaction without really attempting to explain why some actions are made illegal , without examining who constructs specific laws , and why .
finally , interactionists lay great stress on social reaction without really [trying] to explain why some actions are made illegal , without examining who constructs specific laws , and why .

In spite of attempting to understand the differences between the services , the planners did not feel satisfied with their knowledge .
in spite of [trying] to understand the differences between the services , the planners did not feel satisfied with their knowledge .

In the 1980s , sections of the ruling party have also adopted a strategy of attempting to co-opt or at least pacify the small black middle class .
in the 1980s , sections of the ruling party have also adopted a strategy of [trying] to co-opt or at least pacify the small black middle class .

The American Civil Liberties Union brought a case against the State , attempting to undo a new State law which requires that the creation theory be balanced alongside the theory of evolution in schools .
the american civil liberties union brought a case against the state , [trying] to undo a new state law which requires that the creation theory be balanced alongside the theory of evolution in schools .

The Location of Offices Bureau , which for many years had been attempting to move commercial development out of London , was given the task of promoting office employment within the cities , including London itself .
the location of offices bureau , which for many years had been [trying] to move commercial development out of london , was given the task of promoting office employment within the cities , including london itself .

In a front-page story entitled ‘ Blonde Blames Bremner ’ , the Daily Record reported that the hotel 's assistant manager , Lars Borch was attempting to calm a group of noisy Scottish players down , when he heard a chant of ‘ 1-2-3 ’ .
in a front-page story entitled ‘ blonde blames bremner ’ , the daily record reported that the hotel 's assistant manager , lars borch was [trying] to calm a group of noisy scottish players down , when he heard a chant of ‘ 1-2-3 ’ .

While the more broadly based Architects and Antiquaries Club , founded in 1819 , while attempting to be an academic institution , did not aim to answer the growing need for a professional association .
while the more broadly based architects and antiquaries club , founded in 1819 , while [trying] to be an academic institution , did not aim to answer the growing need for a professional association .

When his letter appeared , Scott realized his mistake , and on the same day sent off another letter to The Times , attempting to explain his extraordinary remarks . He felt he had
when his letter appeared , scott realized his mistake , and on the same day sent off another letter to the times , [trying] to explain his extraordinary remarks . he felt he had

Professor Donaldson was so irate at my letter in the Times , which he considered to reflect upon English architects in general , that he proposed moving the Institute to reverse the recommendation of their council to award to me the annual Royal Gold Medal of the Institute , and was only dissuaded from attempting to inflict that gratuitous dishonour upon me by strong remonstrances .
professor donaldson was so irate at my letter in the times , which he considered to reflect upon english architects in general , that he proposed moving the institute to reverse the recommendation of their council to award to me the annual royal gold medal of the institute , and was only dissuaded from [trying] to inflict that gratuitous dishonour upon me by strong remonstrances .

However , of all those present , he was probably the least likely to have been attempting to secure the work for himself .
however , of all those present , he was probably the least likely to have been [trying] to secure the work for himself .

Closed windows and doors help to contain smoke and flames for about 20 minutes , and as inhaled smoke can immobilise people who are attempting to escape , these vital minutes may permit a more orderly evacuation from other parts of the building , and simultaneously allow time for professional help to arrive .
closed windows and doors help to contain smoke and flames for about 20 minutes , and as inhaled smoke can immobilise people who are [trying] to escape , these vital minutes may permit a more orderly evacuation from other parts of the building , and simultaneously allow time for professional help to arrive .

So how does Homoeopathy work ? Before attempting to answer that question it is necessary to understand a little about the function of disease in our lives .
so how does homoeopathy work ? before [trying] to answer that question it is necessary to understand a little about the function of disease in our lives .

Software can prevent lines from being cut twice ; it can control the touchy job of cutting the apex of wedge-shaped pieces by approaching the point from both sides of the wedge rather than attempting to cut around the tip .
software can prevent lines from being cut twice ; it can control the touchy job of cutting the apex of wedge-shaped pieces by approaching the point from both sides of the wedge rather than [trying] to cut around the tip .

A supplier attempting to meet the rigorous standards of a lean retailer—whether a shirt manufacturer for Wal-Mart , a pasta-maker for Ralph ’ s Food , or an electronic drill supplier for Home Depot—must hold a far larger amount of inventory if it has not invested in a comprehensive set of information technology and short-cycle production capacity .
a supplier [trying] to meet the rigorous standards of a lean retailer—whether a shirt manufacturer for wal-mart , a pasta-maker for ralph ’ s food , or an electronic drill supplier for home depot—must hold a far larger amount of inventory if it has not invested in a comprehensive set of information technology and short-cycle production capacity .

In addition , as we discussed in Chapter 8 , suppliers attempting mass customization of apparel products such as jeans will need similar capabilities .
in addition , as we discussed in chapter 8 , suppliers [trying] mass customization of apparel products such as jeans will need similar capabilities .

Under CEO Alan Questrom , the company addressed these problems by attempting to increase its inventory turns ( the number of times a year that goods turned over in its stores ) and reduce its exposure to losses from excess inventories .
under ceo alan questrom , the company addressed these problems by [trying] to increase its inventory turns ( the number of times a year that goods turned over in its stores ) and reduce its exposure to losses from excess inventories .

In the summer of 1997 , NASA was busy attempting to formulate what it came to call “ astrobiology , ” an attempt to understand the origin , evolution , and characteristics of life anywhere in the universe .
in the summer of 1997 , nasa was busy [trying] to formulate what it came to call “ astrobiology , ” an attempt to understand the origin , evolution , and characteristics of life anywhere in the universe .

In the Blue Mountain National Park and the John Crow National Park , which together cover 78,200 hectares ( 193 , 200 acres ) , conservationists are attempting to halt the encroachment of local farmers and loggers .
in the blue mountain national park and the john crow national park , which together cover 78,200 hectares ( 193 , 200 acres ) , conservationists are [trying] to halt the encroachment of local farmers and loggers .

Attempting a comeback , Jaume was killed in battle near Llucmajor in 1349 .
[trying] a comeback , jaume was killed in battle near llucmajor in 1349 .

New resorts , such as the Bellagio , are aimed at travelers attempting to recapture the glamour of the Rat Pack era , while many others are following the lead of Caesars Palace , which offers world-class shopping facilities .
new resorts , such as the bellagio , are aimed at travelers [trying] to recapture the glamour of the rat pack era , while many others are following the lead of caesars palace , which offers world-class shopping facilities .

Early in 1650 Oliver Cromwell stationed his garrison here while attempting to subdue the rebellious Scottish monarchists ; he was victorious at the Battle of Dunbar .
early in 1650 oliver cromwell stationed his garrison here while [trying] to subdue the rebellious scottish monarchists ; he was victorious at the battle of dunbar .

Attempting to regain the Sinai and the Golan , Egypt and Syria struck back at Israel in 1973 , on the holiest day of the Jewish year , Yom Kippur .
[trying] to regain the sinai and the golan , egypt and syria struck back at israel in 1973 , on the holiest day of the jewish year , yom kippur .

You should , however , acclimatize to the altitude before attempting any long hikes .
you should , however , acclimatize to the altitude before [trying] any long hikes .

Still , while the celebrities in their Ferraris and chauffeured town-cars today steer clear of Hollywood , the city is indeed attempting a bonafide comeback .
still , while the celebrities in their ferraris and chauffeured town-cars today steer clear of hollywood , the city is indeed [trying] a bonafide comeback .

It might be catching the eye of your favorite celebrity scurrying into a movie theater , watching a production company shoot a scene from the next big blockbuster movie , attempting to keep up with the freeway ’ s pedal-to-the-metal drivers , or simply scanning the twinkling evening skyline from the heights of the Griffith Observatory .
it might be catching the eye of your favorite celebrity scurrying into a movie theater , watching a production company shoot a scene from the next big blockbuster movie , [trying] to keep up with the freeway ’ s pedal-to-the-metal drivers , or simply scanning the twinkling evening skyline from the heights of the griffith observatory .

Don ’ t be put off — it ’ s an exhilarating experience just attempting to come to grips with such vast collections of painting , sculpture , and artifacts from 5000 b.c .
don ’ t be put off — it ’ s an exhilarating experience just [trying] to come to grips with such vast collections of painting , sculpture , and artifacts from 5000 b.c .

Visitors should be aware of this and respect their culture by not attempting to purchase sacred or ceremonial pieces .
visitors should be aware of this and respect their culture by not [trying] to purchase sacred or ceremonial pieces .

While attempting to cross the Sierra Nevada , George Donner ’ s wagon train became snowed in , and from November until February was stuck high in the mountains north of Lake Tahoe , at a point now known as the Donner Pass .
while [trying] to cross the sierra nevada , george donner ’ s wagon train became snowed in , and from november until february was stuck high in the mountains north of lake tahoe , at a point now known as the donner pass .

Surrounding the temple is a garden area attempting to recreate a garden that existed here in the ancient era .
surrounding the temple is a garden area [trying] to recreate a garden that existed here in the ancient era .

Political consultant Rick Dent said it is unlikely that Barnes is attempting to remake his image , especially since it could be construed as a negative by those who believe Barnes is liberal .
political consultant rick dent said it is unlikely that barnes is [trying] to remake his image , especially since it could be construed as a negative by those who believe barnes is liberal .

There are equally formidable obstacles when attempting to obtain funding from alcohol study sections .
there are equally formidable obstacles when [trying] to obtain funding from alcohol study sections .

However , it is important to clarify what type of problem interveners are attempting to address .
however , it is important to clarify what type of problem interveners are [trying] to address .

In the course of identifying actions that possible participants in our study had taken to reduce improper payments , we identified numerous Web sites that might provide organizations with useful information that they can consider when attempting to address improper payment or other problems in their programs .
in the course of identifying actions that possible participants in our study had taken to reduce improper payments , we identified numerous web sites that might provide organizations with useful information that they can consider when [trying] to address improper payment or other problems in their programs .

Therefore , the Board believes that attempting to capitalize and depreciate stewardship PP & E is not warranted .
therefore , the board believes that [trying] to capitalize and depreciate stewardship pp & e is not warranted .

The Vice President « s August 2 letter noted that section 717 authorizes GAO to review the ƒresults≈ of agency programs and activities and stated that `` the Comptroller General is not evaluating the 'results ' of the Group 's work ; he is attempting to inquire into the process by which the results of the Group 's work were reached . ''
the vice president « s august 2 letter noted that section 717 authorizes gao to review the ƒresults≈ of agency programs and activities and stated that `` the comptroller general is not evaluating the 'results ' of the group 's work ; he is [trying] to inquire into the process by which the results of the group 's work were reached . ''

In attempting to trace entered data back to source documents , several problems can arise : Source documents may not be available because they were destroyed , were never created , or are not centrally located .
in [trying] to trace entered data back to source documents , several problems can arise : source documents may not be available because they were destroyed , were never created , or are not centrally located .

At the time of our review , APHIS officials were attempting to identify the circumstances in which electronic comment approaches work best .
at the time of our review , aphis officials were [trying] to identify the circumstances in which electronic comment approaches work best .

INS is currently attempting to estimate the increased budgetary impact of detaining all aliens with administratively final orders of deportation pending their removal .
ins is currently [trying] to estimate the increased budgetary impact of detaining all aliens with administratively final orders of deportation pending their removal .

A major portion of the analysis describes the steps the Commission took in attempting to determine the number of small entities affected by the rule based on GAO/OGC-96-37 various criteria , databases and Census Bureau information .
a major portion of the analysis describes the steps the commission took in [trying] to determine the number of small entities affected by the rule based on gao/ogc-96-37 various criteria , databases and census bureau information .

The literature attempting to explain why and how people save-or do not save as the case may be-is extensive , and the empirical research is conflicting .
the literature [trying] to explain why and how people save-or do not save as the case may be-is extensive , and the empirical research is conflicting .

This study addressed the list of legislative proposals which agricultural enterprises were attempting to impose on legal services recipients .
this study addressed the list of legislative proposals which agricultural enterprises were [trying] to impose on legal services recipients .

The hearing heightened awareness of some of the problems LSC was encountering in attempting to provide accurate statistics relating to services provided by LSC grantees .
the hearing heightened awareness of some of the problems lsc was encountering in [trying] to provide accurate statistics relating to services provided by lsc grantees .

Currently , the State Bar 's Delivery of Legal Services Committee is attempting to involve government attorneys in pro bono efforts , and the Bar Association 's Pro Se Committee , chaired by the Director of New Hampshire Legal Assistance , is working with the New Hampshire Supreme Court to create a courtsponsored Pro Se Task Force and launch a thorough study of pro se issues in the state .
currently , the state bar 's delivery of legal services committee is [trying] to involve government attorneys in pro bono efforts , and the bar association 's pro se committee , chaired by the director of new hampshire legal assistance , is working with the new hampshire supreme court to create a courtsponsored pro se task force and launch a thorough study of pro se issues in the state .

Air quality modelers face two key challenges in attempting to translate emission inventories into pollutant concentrations .
air quality modelers face two key challenges in [trying] to translate emission inventories into pollutant concentrations .

The radios signals often did not succeed in penetrating the numerous steel and concrete floors that separated companies attempting to communicate ; and second , so many different companies were attempting to use the same point-to-point channel that communications became unintelligible .
the radios signals often did not succeed in penetrating the numerous steel and concrete floors that separated companies [trying] to communicate ; and second , so many different companies were [trying] to use the same point-to-point channel that communications became unintelligible .

They thus were not able to communicate this fact to callers , some of whom spoke of attempting to climb to the roof .
they thus were not able to communicate this fact to callers , some of whom spoke of [trying] to climb to the roof .

Others , attempting to descend , were frustrated by jammed or locked doors in stairwells or confused by the structure of the stairwell deviations .
others , [trying] to descend , were frustrated by jammed or locked doors in stairwells or confused by the structure of the stairwell deviations .

He was also apparently unable to hear another chief who was attempting to communicate with him from a portable radio , either because of a technical problem or because the volume was turned down on the console ( the normal setting when the system was not in use ) .
he was also apparently unable to hear another chief who was [trying] to communicate with him from a portable radio , either because of a technical problem or because the volume was turned down on the console ( the normal setting when the system was not in use ) .

When attempting to reach a particular unit , chiefs in the lobby often heard nothing in response .
when [trying] to reach a particular unit , chiefs in the lobby often heard nothing in response .

Finally , the jumpers and debris that confronted units attempting to enter the SouthTower from its main entrance on Liberty Street caused some units to search for indirect ways to enter that tower , most often through the Marriott Hotel , or simply to remain on West Street .
finally , the jumpers and debris that confronted units [trying] to enter the southtower from its main entrance on liberty street caused some units to search for indirect ways to enter that tower , most often through the marriott hotel , or simply to remain on west street .

Three of the most senior and respected members of the FDNY were involved in attempting to rescue civilians and firefighters from the Marriott .
three of the most senior and respected members of the fdny were involved in [trying] to rescue civilians and firefighters from the marriott .

Second , tactical channel 1 was simply overwhelmed by the number of units attempting to communicate on it at 10:00 .
second , tactical channel 1 was simply overwhelmed by the number of units [trying] to communicate on it at 10:00 .

In any event , the Minneapolis agents were concerned that if they tried to first obtain a criminal warrant but the U.S. Attorney 's Office or the judge refused , the FISA Court might reject an application for a FISA warrant on the grounds that the agents were attempting to make an end run around the criminal process .
in any event , the minneapolis agents were concerned that if they tried to first obtain a criminal warrant but the u.s. attorney 's office or the judge refused , the fisa court might reject an application for a fisa warrant on the grounds that the agents were [trying] to make an end run around the criminal process .

When Hadley circulated a memorandum attempting to prod the deputies to reach agreement , McLaughlin sent it back with a handwritten comment on the cost-sharing : '' we question whether it is advisable to make such an investment before the decision is taken on flying an armed Predator . ''
when hadley circulated a memorandum [trying] to prod the deputies to reach agreement , mclaughlin sent it back with a handwritten comment on the cost-sharing : '' we question whether it is advisable to make such an investment before the decision is taken on flying an armed predator . ''

A member of the Muslim Brotherhood executed in 1966 on charges of attempting to overthrow the government , Qutb mixed Islamic scholarship with a very superficial acquaintance with Western history and thought .
a member of the muslim brotherhood executed in 1966 on charges of [trying] to overthrow the government , qutb mixed islamic scholarship with a very superficial acquaintance with western history and thought .

In 2001 , Sufaat would spend several months attempting to cultivate anthrax for al Qaeda in a laboratory he helped set up near the Kandahar airport .
in 2001 , sufaat would spend several months [trying] to cultivate anthrax for al qaeda in a laboratory he helped set up near the kandahar airport .

In response , Jarrah immediately began to roll the airplane to the left and right , attempting to knock the passengers off balance .
in response , jarrah immediately began to roll the airplane to the left and right , [trying] to knock the passengers off balance .

In the succeeding minutes , controllers were attempting to ascertain the altitude of the southbound flight .
in the succeeding minutes , controllers were [trying] to ascertain the altitude of the southbound flight .

I sympathise with Roger Schonfeld in attempting to write such a comprehensive history , but what is the point of appearing to be comprehensive when comprehensiveness is an impossible goal ?
i sympathise with roger schonfeld in [trying] to write such a comprehensive history , but what is the point of appearing to be comprehensive when comprehensiveness is an impossible goal ?

Hence , this chapter in the report falls short of explaining the serious challenge of preventing and curing age-related disease to extend health—very different from attempting immortality .
hence , this chapter in the report falls short of explaining the serious challenge of preventing and curing age-related disease to extend health—very different from [trying] immortality .

Attempting a comprehensive assessment , their widely cited recent paper ( Myers and Worm 2003 ) indicated that the global ocean has lost more than 90 % of large predatory fishes , such as marlin , sharks , and rays .
[trying] a comprehensive assessment , their widely cited recent paper ( myers and worm 2003 ) indicated that the global ocean has lost more than 90 % of large predatory fishes , such as marlin , sharks , and rays .

In attempting to turn the gathering back toward festivity , she urged everyone , `` Let 's leave political strategies for another day .
in [trying] to turn the gathering back toward festivity , she urged everyone , `` let 's leave political strategies for another day .

At today 's meeting Lemmy and two female Sirenians were attempting to finalize a deal in which they would purchase a live dugong , a purchase that is illegal under Malaysian law and international protocols on the preservation of endangered species .
at today 's meeting lemmy and two female sirenians were [trying] to finalize a deal in which they would purchase a live dugong , a purchase that is illegal under malaysian law and international protocols on the preservation of endangered species .

Will points out that the GOP establishment 's endorsement of Bush was completely voluntary and that grassroots uprisings , as McCain is attempting to bring about , are not always good for the party -- look at what George McGovern did to the Democrats .
will points out that the gop establishment 's endorsement of bush was completely voluntary and that grassroots uprisings , as mccain is [trying] to bring about , are not always good for the party -- look at what george mcgovern did to the democrats .

That 's because Andover.net was the third company to be taken public by W.R. Hambrecht , the investment bank that is attempting to transform the IPO process by replacing the traditional method of allocating shares and setting opening prices with what 's called a Dutch auction .
that 's because andover.net was the third company to be taken public by w.r. hambrecht , the investment bank that is [trying] to transform the ipo process by replacing the traditional method of allocating shares and setting opening prices with what 's called a dutch auction .

The articles accuse the President of : 1 ) lying before the Lewinsky grand jury , 2 ) lying under oath in the Paula Jones sexual harassment case , and 3 ) obstructing justice by attempting to influence witnesses in the Lewinsky case .
the articles accuse the president of : 1 ) lying before the lewinsky grand jury , 2 ) lying under oath in the paula jones sexual harassment case , and 3 ) obstructing justice by [trying] to influence witnesses in the lewinsky case .

Since court findings of paternity cost the imputed fathers eighteen years ' worth of support , it seems only fair that women be held accountable for any promises they make about attempting to remain childless .
since court findings of paternity cost the imputed fathers eighteen years ' worth of support , it seems only fair that women be held accountable for any promises they make about [trying] to remain childless .

The New York Times points out that , unlike the previous go-round with Iraq last winter , neither Russia nor France is currently attempting to find a diplomatic way out for Hussein .
the new york times points out that , unlike the previous go-round with iraq last winter , neither russia nor france is currently [trying] to find a diplomatic way out for hussein .

They explored the problem of a soul attempting to will its wishes into being , even when the body ca n't easily accommodate them ( Boys Do n't Cry , The Sixth Sense . )
they explored the problem of a soul [trying] to will its wishes into being , even when the body ca n't easily accommodate them ( boys do n't cry , the sixth sense . )

Let 's give President Clinton credit for attempting , in this darkest hour of his presidency , to revive a worthwhile if unpopular idea : stronger federal control over the nation 's public schools .
let 's give president clinton credit for [trying] , in this darkest hour of his presidency , to revive a worthwhile if unpopular idea : stronger federal control over the nation 's public schools .

Ronald Reagan looked at home with a chain saw , although he badly gashed his leg attempting to read a book for some photographers .
ronald reagan looked at home with a chain saw , although he badly gashed his leg [trying] to read a book for some photographers .

Even Glassner , for dog 's years Dole 's body man and coat carrier , had retired to the common area , where the staff would be attempting its usual stab at gaiety .
even glassner , for dog 's years dole 's body man and coat carrier , had retired to the common area , where the staff would be [trying] its usual stab at gaiety .

Multistate suits add another layer of absurdity : the states reinventing the wheel of federalism by attempting to act in unison .
multistate suits add another layer of absurdity : the states reinventing the wheel of federalism by [trying] to act in unison .

After attempting to ascertain whether I was a Clinton spy or worked for Salon magazine ( `` in our view , a front for the Clinton administration '' ) , Klayman told me that `` private investigator types '' working for Clinton have been spotted `` casing '' his office .
after [trying] to ascertain whether i was a clinton spy or worked for salon magazine ( `` in our view , a front for the clinton administration '' ) , klayman told me that `` private investigator types '' working for clinton have been spotted `` casing '' his office .

For the last decade , Lee has been attempting to craft a new kind of artfully slapdash film syntax -- one that mixes jivey jump-cuts with Brechtian exhortations , that tries to build immense dramatic structures out of dissonance and opposition .
for the last decade , lee has been [trying] to craft a new kind of artfully slapdash film syntax -- one that mixes jivey jump-cuts with brechtian exhortations , that tries to build immense dramatic structures out of dissonance and opposition .

Although Schnitzler wrote Traumnovelle when he was partially deaf and had withdrawn from the world , he chose to set the novella a quarter-century earlier , at the fabled Viennese fin de siècle , when Freud was spinning out NC-17-ish interpretations of dreams ( he and Schnitzler were correspondents ) and Schnitzler himself was attempting to beat Casanova 's record for the most orgasms with the most women .
although schnitzler wrote traumnovelle when he was partially deaf and had withdrawn from the world , he chose to set the novella a quarter-century earlier , at the fabled viennese fin de siècle , when freud was spinning out nc-17-ish interpretations of dreams ( he and schnitzler were correspondents ) and schnitzler himself was [trying] to beat casanova 's record for the most orgasms with the most women .

A mercenary makes it clear he/she is fighting for money , not attempting to hide the expectation of booty behind a wedding invitation .
a mercenary makes it clear he/she is fighting for money , not [trying] to hide the expectation of booty behind a wedding invitation .

Pahlavi compared the reformist President Mohammed Khatami to Mikhail Gorbachev , saying he was attempting an `` Iranian perestroika . ''
pahlavi compared the reformist president mohammed khatami to mikhail gorbachev , saying he was [trying] an `` iranian perestroika . ''

Instead , Bush is attempting something far more bold and interesting : He is weaving an alternative story .
instead , bush is [trying] something far more bold and interesting : he is weaving an alternative story .

Luty lives in such a place , and he understands the frustration of attempting to build homemade firearms based on designs that are too complicated or so crude as to be undesirable . ''
luty lives in such a place , and he understands the frustration of [trying] to build homemade firearms based on designs that are too complicated or so crude as to be undesirable . ''

This suggests Tripp is not attempting to construct a first draft in her own words following the earlier instructions .
this suggests tripp is not [trying] to construct a first draft in her own words following the earlier instructions .

Smith slyly echoes Scorsese 's film when Rickman 's Voice of God , attempting to convert the reluctant Bethany to his cause , explains that Jesus did n't take it any better when told of the painful destiny that awaited him : `` I had to deliver the news to a scared child who only wanted to play with other children . ''
smith slyly echoes scorsese 's film when rickman 's voice of god , [trying] to convert the reluctant bethany to his cause , explains that jesus did n't take it any better when told of the painful destiny that awaited him : `` i had to deliver the news to a scared child who only wanted to play with other children . ''

Last week there was an actual thing they were doing that was not mischaracterized [ i.e. , attempting to delay payments under the Earned Income Tax Credit ] .
last week there was an actual thing they were doing that was not mischaracterized [ i.e. , [trying] to delay payments under the earned income tax credit ] .

Like that story , this one comes replete with a cloak-and-dagger fantasy in which the truth-seeking journalist ( in this case the author of the X-Files Encyclopedia ) faces danger from shadowy conspirators for attempting to expose the truth .
like that story , this one comes replete with a cloak-and-dagger fantasy in which the truth-seeking journalist ( in this case the author of the x-files encyclopedia ) faces danger from shadowy conspirators for [trying] to expose the truth .

My girlfriend was attempting to find a book for a Christmas present and had struck out at about half a dozen bookstores around Manhattan .
my girlfriend was [trying] to find a book for a christmas present and had struck out at about half a dozen bookstores around manhattan .

Right before ship dates , these seminars could be held between 11 p.m. and midnight to provide additional convenience for employees attempting to finish their daily tasks .
right before ship dates , these seminars could be held between 11 p.m. and midnight to provide additional convenience for employees [trying] to finish their daily tasks .

Rather than attempting to gauge quality , I have included all books that have literary aspirations or are regarded as literature by most reviewers : Cold Mountain , yes , The Partner , no .
rather than [trying] to gauge quality , i have included all books that have literary aspirations or are regarded as literature by most reviewers : cold mountain , yes , the partner , no .

He sees the problem in a vacuum , instead of attempting to look at the entire picture .
he sees the problem in a vacuum , instead of [trying] to look at the entire picture .

One shudders to imagine an actual aged person attempting to use this toothpaste .
one shudders to imagine an actual aged person [trying] to use this toothpaste .

While it may be that Freund was attempting satire in his review of anti-Semitic origins over the last 2,000 years , it is just a stonestep away from believing that Freund himself believes many of the things he chronicles .
while it may be that freund was [trying] satire in his review of anti-semitic origins over the last 2,000 years , it is just a stonestep away from believing that freund himself believes many of the things he chronicles .

The ad campaign is simply one way in which we are attempting to educate the public on the effects a treaty in Kyoto would have on the 18 million people who make things in America .
the ad campaign is simply one way in which we are [trying] to educate the public on the effects a treaty in kyoto would have on the 18 million people who make things in america .

Since court findings of paternity cost the imputed fathers eighteen years ' worth of support , it seems only fair that women be held accountable for any promises they make about attempting to remain childless .
since court findings of paternity cost the imputed fathers eighteen years ' worth of support , it seems only fair that women be held accountable for any promises they make about [trying] to remain childless .

He has laundered over $ 9 million dollars into banks in Houston and was arrested in 1995 for attempting to smuggle currency out of the U.S .
he has laundered over $ 9 million dollars into banks in houston and was arrested in 1995 for [trying] to smuggle currency out of the u.s .

It sketches out a pattern of Clinton aides attempting to convince multiple Clinton alleged paramours ( Dolly Kyle Browning , Monica Lewinsky , Gennifer Flowers , Kathleen Willey ) to keep silent .
it sketches out a pattern of clinton aides [trying] to convince multiple clinton alleged paramours ( dolly kyle browning , monica lewinsky , gennifer flowers , kathleen willey ) to keep silent .

If the only issue involved in attempting to ban a cigarette-advertising symbol were its effect on kids , then the obvious culprit to focus on would be the Marlboro cowboy .
if the only issue involved in [trying] to ban a cigarette-advertising symbol were its effect on kids , then the obvious culprit to focus on would be the marlboro cowboy .

Anyone who reads my stuff without knowing I am frequently attempting to achieve irony should probably feel as inadequate as they do .
anyone who reads my stuff without knowing i am frequently [trying] to achieve irony should probably feel as inadequate as they do .

I am sitting here attempting in vain to find something to disagree with in your brilliant last posting , my darling , but can not .
i am sitting here [trying] in vain to find something to disagree with in your brilliant last posting , my darling , but can not .

Too many people , we regret to report , are attempting to read Slate without the proper equipment .
too many people , we regret to report , are [trying] to read slate without the proper equipment .

Attempting to access Slate while improperly dressed can lead to slow download time and even , in some cases , to the implosion of your computer .
[trying] to access slate while improperly dressed can lead to slow download time and even , in some cases , to the implosion of your computer .

The USAT cover story reports that a managed-care giant is attempting to cut emergency service costs by encouraging its customers to call the health plan before dialing 911 .
the usat cover story reports that a managed-care giant is [trying] to cut emergency service costs by encouraging its customers to call the health plan before dialing 911 .

In Rome , La Repubblica reported prominently that Rupert Murdoch , having recently acquired Britain 's most famous soccer team , Manchester United , for his Sky satellite TV company , is now attempting to acquire the TV rights for all Italy 's top football matches .
in rome , la repubblica reported prominently that rupert murdoch , having recently acquired britain 's most famous soccer team , manchester united , for his sky satellite tv company , is now [trying] to acquire the tv rights for all italy 's top football matches .

Le Monde of Paris ran a front-page feature titled `` Bill Clinton , the 'Teflon President , ' `` attempting to explain why the president remains so popular despite all the bimbo eruptions .
le monde of paris ran a front-page feature titled `` bill clinton , the 'teflon president , ' `` [trying] to explain why the president remains so popular despite all the bimbo eruptions .

Attempting to kill Saddam would also be `` ridiculous , '' he said , for it would mean bombing Baghdad and killing thousands of innocent people when `` Saddam 's skin is n't worth a single Iraqi , American , or allied life . ''
[trying] to kill saddam would also be `` ridiculous , '' he said , for it would mean bombing baghdad and killing thousands of innocent people when `` saddam 's skin is n't worth a single iraqi , american , or allied life . ''

The WP breaks an astounding story inside about how the Navy is attempting to dimiss a sailor for homosexuality because his AOL profile , which does n't use his last name , states that he 's gay .
the wp breaks an astounding story inside about how the navy is [trying] to dimiss a sailor for homosexuality because his aol profile , which does n't use his last name , states that he 's gay .

The result is that AT & T and many regional phone companies are now attempting to compile their own data bases from other sources , like credit card files , DMV records , etc. -- with decidedly mixed results .
the result is that at & t and many regional phone companies are now [trying] to compile their own data bases from other sources , like credit card files , dmv records , etc. -- with decidedly mixed results .

The WSJ and the WP report that a rising corporate Internet star was arrested last Thursday night at the Santa Monica Pier for attempting to use the Web to arrange a sexual encounter with an underage girl , who was actually an undercover FBI agent .
the wsj and the wp report that a rising corporate internet star was arrested last thursday night at the santa monica pier for [trying] to use the web to arrange a sexual encounter with an underage girl , who was actually an undercover fbi agent .

Then , one afternoon , during a celebratory picnic in the countryside near Oxford , they hear a shout of distress : A middle-aged man is entangled in one of the anchoring lines of an enormous hot-air balloon while his passenger , a terrified child , is unsuccessfully attempting to escape from the basket .
then , one afternoon , during a celebratory picnic in the countryside near oxford , they hear a shout of distress : a middle-aged man is entangled in one of the anchoring lines of an enormous hot-air balloon while his passenger , a terrified child , is unsuccessfully [trying] to escape from the basket .

Nash went to Europe to form a world government , attempting repeatedly to renounce his U.S. citizenship .
nash went to europe to form a world government , [trying] repeatedly to renounce his u.s. citizenship .

He presented himself as a man of science but actually he was a `` crypto-reformer who spent his every waking hour attempting to change the sexual mores and sex offender laws of the United States . ''
he presented himself as a man of science but actually he was a `` crypto-reformer who spent his every waking hour [trying] to change the sexual mores and sex offender laws of the united states . ''

Will meets the poor kid when the woman Will is currently attempting to date drags the boy along on a picnic as a favor to the boy 's flaky mother .
will meets the poor kid when the woman will is currently [trying] to date drags the boy along on a picnic as a favor to the boy 's flaky mother .

The Times says the White House appears to have settled on a `` strategy of denial and delay , '' which includes attempting to undermine Lewinsky 's credibility and raising questions about her motivation .
the times says the white house appears to have settled on a `` strategy of denial and delay , '' which includes [trying] to undermine lewinsky 's credibility and raising questions about her motivation .

The LAT front reports that just two days before the NCAA Final Four tournament game , a federal grand jury in Chicago has indicted two former Northwestern University players on charges of attempting to fix the outcome of games for the benefit of bettors during the 1994-1995 college season .
the lat front reports that just two days before the ncaa final four tournament game , a federal grand jury in chicago has indicted two former northwestern university players on charges of [trying] to fix the outcome of games for the benefit of bettors during the 1994-1995 college season .

The WP reports that in the Lewinsky matter , the White House is attempting to use its recently announced claim of executive privilege to cover discussions involving not just presidential advisors like Bruce Lindsey and Sidney Blumenthal , but also those involving Hillary Clinton .
the wp reports that in the lewinsky matter , the white house is [trying] to use its recently announced claim of executive privilege to cover discussions involving not just presidential advisors like bruce lindsey and sidney blumenthal , but also those involving hillary clinton .

Additionally , attempting to reverse engineer software is illegal : Like most commercial software companies , Microsoft forbids it as part of its licensing agreement .
additionally , [trying] to reverse engineer software is illegal : like most commercial software companies , microsoft forbids it as part of its licensing agreement .

There seems a growing consensus that attempting to withhold admission to the World Trade Organization as a means to advance freedom is futile and will only hurt U.S. interests .
there seems a growing consensus that [trying] to withhold admission to the world trade organization as a means to advance freedom is futile and will only hurt u.s. interests .

Bush spends a full chapter attempting to defuse a potential Democratic issue by explaining why he vetoed an HMO reform bill in Texas .
bush spends a full chapter [trying] to defuse a potential democratic issue by explaining why he vetoed an hmo reform bill in texas .

If Clinton now knows to eschew `` big government , '' members of the Republican Congress elected in 1994 have also learned their lesson about attempting to make government truly smaller .
if clinton now knows to eschew `` big government , '' members of the republican congress elected in 1994 have also learned their lesson about [trying] to make government truly smaller .

Klein has a horror of what he rather predictably perceives to be a New Puritan movement in America attempting to eliminate bad-for-you indulgences such as fat or cigarettes .
klein has a horror of what he rather predictably perceives to be a new puritan movement in america [trying] to eliminate bad-for-you indulgences such as fat or cigarettes .

I knew that it was an impossible task -- and for that reason worth attempting , since human curiosity can never satisfy itself about the identity and character of a man whose destiny it was to be hailed , three centuries after his birth , as Light of Light , God of God , Very God of Very God .
i knew that it was an impossible task -- and for that reason worth [trying] , since human curiosity can never satisfy itself about the identity and character of a man whose destiny it was to be hailed , three centuries after his birth , as light of light , god of god , very god of very god .

The LAT and WP fronts report a rather striking sign that the Russian assault on Chechnya is in disarray : A senior Russian general leading forces attempting to capture Grozny is missing in action .
the lat and wp fronts report a rather striking sign that the russian assault on chechnya is in disarray : a senior russian general leading forces [trying] to capture grozny is missing in action .

I think Shrum may have been a good soldier in this instance , attempting to defend an untenable position .
i think shrum may have been a good soldier in this instance , [trying] to defend an untenable position .

In 1996 , against the rules , he buzzed Del Rio below 3,000 feet , blew a tire attempting a hotshot `` short '' landing , and left the authorized route during a cross-country training mission .
in 1996 , against the rules , he buzzed del rio below 3,000 feet , blew a tire [trying] a hotshot `` short '' landing , and left the authorized route during a cross-country training mission .

Both Union Pacific and Aetna have consummated large-scale mergers in the past year and a half , and both are therefore attempting to deal with sizable increases in their everyday business .
both union pacific and aetna have consummated large-scale mergers in the past year and a half , and both are therefore [trying] to deal with sizable increases in their everyday business .

The publisher , attempting damage control , rushed the book into stores two months before the publication date .
the publisher , [trying] damage control , rushed the book into stores two months before the publication date .

In the meantime , I was attempting earnestly to persuade Democrats that environmental optimism could be a potent political idea .
in the meantime , i was [trying] earnestly to persuade democrats that environmental optimism could be a potent political idea .

That 's only partly because I 'm attempting to deny my own mortality .
that 's only partly because i 'm [trying] to deny my own mortality .

We drove for 90 minutes in heavy traffic , the baby howling , the wife attempting to hide her exposed nursing bosom from the driver , and the dog scratching her bottom across the floor of the minivan .
we drove for 90 minutes in heavy traffic , the baby howling , the wife [trying] to hide her exposed nursing bosom from the driver , and the dog scratching her bottom across the floor of the minivan .

Sounds like the usual liberal tactic of attempting ( desperately ) to deride what you ca n't really disprove .
sounds like the usual liberal tactic of [trying] ( desperately ) to deride what you ca n't really disprove .

In a May 1943 `` personal and most secret '' memo to Churchill , Roosevelt called de Gaulle 's attitude `` well-nigh intolerable '' and accused him of stirring up vicious propaganda in North Africa and attempting to cause strife between the Arabs and the Jews in Algiers .
in a may 1943 `` personal and most secret '' memo to churchill , roosevelt called de gaulle 's attitude `` well-nigh intolerable '' and accused him of stirring up vicious propaganda in north africa and [trying] to cause strife between the arabs and the jews in algiers .

By moving the war to the terrain of American public opinion with his release of the three soldiers , he was attempting a final maneuver .
by moving the war to the terrain of american public opinion with his release of the three soldiers , he was [trying] a final maneuver .

I thought it might be worth attempting to correct some misstatements and mistakes made in Steve Chapman 's `` . ''
i thought it might be worth [trying] to correct some misstatements and mistakes made in steve chapman 's `` . ''

They thought they had him by the legalities on perjury and obstruction of justice , and in attempting to win converts to their cause they may have been more dismissive than they intended about the sex thing .
they thought they had him by the legalities on perjury and obstruction of justice , and in [trying] to win converts to their cause they may have been more dismissive than they intended about the sex thing .

The people who run the box office are attempting to pursue social goals -- albeit in the ultimate name of profit -- which require that tickets go not only to those who can afford to pay a lot but also to those who really care and are willing to book early and/or stand in line .
the people who run the box office are [trying] to pursue social goals -- albeit in the ultimate name of profit -- which require that tickets go not only to those who can afford to pay a lot but also to those who really care and are willing to book early and/or stand in line .

I am a high-school senior who has met with fantastic failure when attempting to interact with women .
i am a high-school senior who has met with fantastic failure when [trying] to interact with women .

Based on News Quiz responses , here 's what we know about the world : NATO is dangerously inept , as is Amtrack , as is American Airlines , as are the elderly when attempting to sustain an erotic life .
based on news quiz responses , here 's what we know about the world : nato is dangerously inept , as is amtrack , as is american airlines , as are the elderly when [trying] to sustain an erotic life .

Gerth means to suggest that Clinton was attempting to hide an out-and-out favor to a political crony .
gerth means to suggest that clinton was [trying] to hide an out-and-out favor to a political crony .

Hollywood executives are attempting to reduce stars ' influence .
hollywood executives are [trying] to reduce stars ' influence .

Doctors assess a fetus 's viability by attempting to guess whether its lungs have formed .
doctors assess a fetus 's viability by [trying] to guess whether its lungs have formed .

Both right- and left-wingers worry that the new U.N. tribunals will reprise the flaws of the Nuremberg and Tokyo trials , attempting to make political points and failing to adequately protect the rights of the accused .
both right- and left-wingers worry that the new u.n. tribunals will reprise the flaws of the nuremberg and tokyo trials , [trying] to make political points and failing to adequately protect the rights of the accused .

It is charged ( by knee-jerk Slate haters and paid apologists for our rivals ) that by including a free umbrella with each subscription to Slate , we are attempting to extend our current dominant position in online poetry-read-aloud into the market for umbrellas , thereby stifling innovation in this crucial field .
it is charged ( by knee-jerk slate haters and paid apologists for our rivals ) that by including a free umbrella with each subscription to slate , we are [trying] to extend our current dominant position in online poetry-read-aloud into the market for umbrellas , thereby stifling innovation in this crucial field .

McCain and Feingold are valiantly attempting to crack down on the major abuses that have sprouted in the cracks of the Buckley ruling .
mccain and feingold are valiantly [trying] to crack down on the major abuses that have sprouted in the cracks of the buckley ruling .

AutoSummarize reduces the bulk of any piece of prose by up to 90 percent while attempting to retain the original essence .
autosummarize reduces the bulk of any piece of prose by up to 90 percent while [trying] to retain the original essence .

Wag the Dog is the exception among these films in that there 's no voice of democratic decency attempting to shine through .
wag the dog is the exception among these films in that there 's no voice of democratic decency [trying] to shine through .

These multiple interests may result in barriers for US providers attempting to enter certain national markets . ''
these multiple interests may result in barriers for us providers [trying] to enter certain national markets . ''

In attempting to `` walk back the cat '' ( to use the increasingly prevalent argot of the intelligence services for tracing a chain of events backward to establish a point of origin ) , I have found yadda - yadda - yadda strands in episodes of Seinfeld and Home Improvement .
in [trying] to `` walk back the cat '' ( to use the increasingly prevalent argot of the intelligence services for tracing a chain of events backward to establish a point of origin ) , i have found yadda - yadda - yadda strands in episodes of seinfeld and home improvement .

The Washington Post reports that Russian ground controllers at times appear to be attempting to convince Foale directly to undertake the repairs .
the washington post reports that russian ground controllers at times appear to be [trying] to convince foale directly to undertake the repairs .

A NYT front-page piece describes the efforts being made on behalf of Malcolm Shabazz by New York power brokers and family friends David Dinkins and Percy Sutton , revealing that the two men , in attempting to favorably work out details of Shabazz 's upcoming juvenile sentence , have been `` sharing the back seat of a chauffeured black sedan , ... combing the country for a place secure enough to satisfy the judge , therapeutic enough to satisfy the psychiatrists and academic enough to satisfy their ambitions ... '' The paper quotes Sutton as saying , `` I tell him he can be a king , he can go to West Point , he can do anything he wants if we can get through this problem we have now . ''
a nyt front-page piece describes the efforts being made on behalf of malcolm shabazz by new york power brokers and family friends david dinkins and percy sutton , revealing that the two men , in [trying] to favorably work out details of shabazz 's upcoming juvenile sentence , have been `` sharing the back seat of a chauffeured black sedan , ... combing the country for a place secure enough to satisfy the judge , therapeutic enough to satisfy the psychiatrists and academic enough to satisfy their ambitions ... '' the paper quotes sutton as saying , `` i tell him he can be a king , he can go to west point , he can do anything he wants if we can get through this problem we have now . ''

Another story inside the WP describes how Republicans legislators are attempting , Clinton-style , to appropriate issues on which their Democratic opponents are traditionally strongest .
another story inside the wp describes how republicans legislators are [trying] , clinton-style , to appropriate issues on which their democratic opponents are traditionally strongest .

Dipping back to impeachment , here 's a classic exchange between the `` poised '' Monica and House Manager Edward Bryant : Bryant , attempting delicacy , alludes to `` the first so-called salacious occasion . ''
dipping back to impeachment , here 's a classic exchange between the `` poised '' monica and house manager edward bryant : bryant , [trying] delicacy , alludes to `` the first so-called salacious occasion . ''

The Times says Hutchinson made some fresh points out of familiar details , and then the paper clearly states them : 1 ) In response to the White House claim that any help given to Monica Lewinsky in her job search was not a quid pro quo because the help preceded Lewinsky 's role in the Paula Jones case , Hutchinson showed how nonetheless the job search assistance effort became markedly more urgent once she did have such a role ; 2 ) To the White House claim that President Clinton could not have been attempting to sway Betty Currie 's testimony because his odd conversation with her took place before she was called as a witness , Hutchinson observed that Clinton had just been questioned at length in the Jones deposition about Currie and hence it was clear to him then that she was likely to be called ; 3 ) To the White House claim that President Clinton 's denial of a sexual relationship with Lewinsky was literally true because of the odd definition of such relations he was presented with , Hutchinson points out that Lewinsky 's denial predates the appearance of that definition and hence should be considered a common sense falsehood that Clinton encouraged .
the times says hutchinson made some fresh points out of familiar details , and then the paper clearly states them : 1 ) in response to the white house claim that any help given to monica lewinsky in her job search was not a quid pro quo because the help preceded lewinsky 's role in the paula jones case , hutchinson showed how nonetheless the job search assistance effort became markedly more urgent once she did have such a role ; 2 ) to the white house claim that president clinton could not have been [trying] to sway betty currie 's testimony because his odd conversation with her took place before she was called as a witness , hutchinson observed that clinton had just been questioned at length in the jones deposition about currie and hence it was clear to him then that she was likely to be called ; 3 ) to the white house claim that president clinton 's denial of a sexual relationship with lewinsky was literally true because of the odd definition of such relations he was presented with , hutchinson points out that lewinsky 's denial predates the appearance of that definition and hence should be considered a common sense falsehood that clinton encouraged .

Both the NYT and the WP ( which has been hitting such stories hard lately ) report inside that dissidents attempting to register a democratically oriented political party in various parts of China were detained by police .
both the nyt and the wp ( which has been hitting such stories hard lately ) report inside that dissidents [trying] to register a democratically oriented political party in various parts of china were detained by police .

The Post lead says the court 's rejection of census sampling is a serious setback for the Clinton administration , which had championed it , and a powerful victory for House Republicans , who favor attempting an actual head count instead .
the post lead says the court 's rejection of census sampling is a serious setback for the clinton administration , which had championed it , and a powerful victory for house republicans , who favor [trying] an actual head count instead .

If we are talking about Finns attempting to learn Turkish or Korean then no one , surely , is going to argue that point , except to make the observation , perhaps , that such hapless Finns are going to have to operate via an interlingua ( and its dictionaries ) , such as English , German , or Russian .
if we are talking about finns [trying] to learn turkish or korean then no one , surely , is going to argue that point , except to make the observation , perhaps , that such hapless finns are going to have to operate via an interlingua ( and its dictionaries ) , such as english , german , or russian .

She was to ask any questions she wanted to , and when she understood the passage , she was to render it freely into Vietnamese , without attempting to make a verbatim translation .
she was to ask any questions she wanted to , and when she understood the passage , she was to render it freely into vietnamese , without [trying] to make a verbatim translation .

William Dawes is the most ambitious , attempting a grammar of Dharuk as well as a vocabulary .
william dawes is the most ambitious , [trying] a grammar of dharuk as well as a vocabulary .

Who could fail to be entertained while attempting trabalenguas ( ` troubled tongues : tongue twisters ' ) like : Yo no compro coco .
who could fail to be entertained while [trying] trabalenguas ( ` troubled tongues : tongue twisters ' ) like : yo no compro coco .

The myth began its life in mid-19th century histories attempting to document the contributions of Germans to American culture and history .
the myth began its life in mid-19th century histories [trying] to document the contributions of germans to american culture and history .

Skeat 's reply was suitably abject at the outset , but , as might be expected , notwithstanding a direct apology , he could not resist commenting on the entirely irrelevant matter of the origin of wayz-goose while attempting to turn the tables on his critic by painting himself as the put-upon , absentminded professor , struggling in his tiny cell against overwhelming numbers of books and the obligations that attend them :
skeat 's reply was suitably abject at the outset , but , as might be expected , notwithstanding a direct apology , he could not resist commenting on the entirely irrelevant matter of the origin of wayz-goose while [trying] to turn the tables on his critic by painting himself as the put-upon , absentminded professor , struggling in his tiny cell against overwhelming numbers of books and the obligations that attend them :

Were it possible to record and identify all of the current place names ( the Place Name Survey of the United States , under the direction of the American Name Society , is attempting just this ) , still remaining would be hundreds of thousands of now inactive names , which are of no less importance to historians , genealogists , and the like .
were it possible to record and identify all of the current place names ( the place name survey of the united states , under the direction of the american name society , is [trying] just this ) , still remaining would be hundreds of thousands of now inactive names , which are of no less importance to historians , genealogists , and the like .

The line itself is spoken by the wily Ulysses attempting to persuade Achilles to return to battle .
the line itself is spoken by the wily ulysses [trying] to persuade achilles to return to battle .

As a Catholic , I was brought up to say Mass with a long “ a ” -- “ MAARSS ” -- but I have recently been finding myself in such a minority that I am at present attempting a Waddingtonian transition towards Mass with a short “ a. ” At the moment , I am stranded awkwardly in between , and I 'm sorely tempted to struggle back to my original point of embarkation .
as a catholic , i was brought up to say mass with a long “ a ” -- “ maarss ” -- but i have recently been finding myself in such a minority that i am at present [trying] a waddingtonian transition towards mass with a short “ a. ” at the moment , i am stranded awkwardly in between , and i 'm sorely tempted to struggle back to my original point of embarkation .

We derived great pleasure from attempting to unravel the languages and their cultures , and we found that the desire to understand and to be understood comes early in life , remains long , and seems to be universal .
we derived great pleasure from [trying] to unravel the languages and their cultures , and we found that the desire to understand and to be understood comes early in life , remains long , and seems to be universal .

The dilemma can be resolved either by attempting a definition ( which no one will understand ) or by providing a superficial pass at a definition couched in language suggesting that the user can find no succor in the work in hand .
the dilemma can be resolved either by [trying] a definition ( which no one will understand ) or by providing a superficial pass at a definition couched in language suggesting that the user can find no succor in the work in hand .

Listeners , like presenters , are aware of the linguistic and social norms which structure acceptable phone-in talk ; yet they are capable of ignoring or subverting these and of attempting to renegotiate the rules of the game .
listeners , like presenters , are aware of the linguistic and social norms which structure acceptable phone-in talk ; yet they are capable of ignoring or subverting these and of [trying] to renegotiate the rules of the game .

