# drink a beverage -> have a drink

Many food and beverage companies are already on a highly planned basis .
many food and [drink] companies are already on a highly planned basis .

Beer , generally fermented from barley , is an old alcoholic beverage .
beer , generally fermented from barley , is an old alcoholic [drink] .

Distillers use corn , malt , wheat , grain sorghum , and rye in making beverage alcohol .
distillers use corn , malt , wheat , grain sorghum , and rye in making [drink] alcohol .

Depending on the organism , there may be multiplication in some food or beverage products , i.e. , in milk for example .
depending on the organism , there may be multiplication in some food or [drink] products , i.e. , in milk for example .

New techniques for automatic molding of expandable styrene beads have helped boost that particular material into a number of new consumer applications , including picnic chests , beverage coolers , flower pots , and flotation-type swimming toys .
new techniques for automatic molding of expandable styrene beads have helped boost that particular material into a number of new consumer applications , including picnic chests , [drink] coolers , flower pots , and flotation-type swimming toys .

Mark Williams , the assistant food and beverage manager at the Blackwell Grange Moat House Hotel in Darlington , was tending the fire in the hotel lounge when the incident happened late Friday afternoon .
mark williams , the assistant food and [drink] manager at the blackwell grange moat house hotel in darlington , was tending the fire in the hotel lounge when the incident happened late friday afternoon .

Social and/or geographical ambiguities can cause problems of interpretation even with factual questions , e.g. ‘ When do you usually have tea ? ’ The word ‘ tea ’ could mean the beverage or a meal varying widely in size and time over different parts of the country and different social classes .
social and/or geographical ambiguities can cause problems of interpretation even with factual questions , e.g. ‘ when do you usually have tea ? ’ the word ‘ tea ’ could mean the [drink] or a meal varying widely in size and time over different parts of the country and different social classes .

Janet Keye becomes personnel and training manager , Neil Reddington is the new front of house manager , and Susan Dixon becomes food and beverage manager .
janet keye becomes personnel and training manager , neil reddington is the new front of house manager , and susan dixon becomes food and [drink] manager .

To achieve the City and Guilds certificate you are put through your paces with written examinations , and also have to complete caterbase modules in a variety of subjects from food and beverage service to cookery processes .
to achieve the city and guilds certificate you are put through your paces with written examinations , and also have to complete caterbase modules in a variety of subjects from food and [drink] service to cookery processes .

Festivals held in his honour were attended by priests carrying reindeer pelts , and devotees of his cult would drink a beverage of the powdered ‘ velvet ’ from the tips of the antlers , said to produce visions and act as an aphrodisiac .
festivals held in his honour were attended by priests carrying reindeer pelts , and devotees of his cult would drink a [drink] of the powdered ‘ velvet ’ from the tips of the antlers , said to produce visions and act as an aphrodisiac .

We have already said that case studies are ‘ interdisciplinary ’ , and you will have noticed that even Dubbingtons expected you to use knowledge from at least two different areas ( in that instance , law and food and beverage control ) , while Hardy Hall involved more ( finance , personnel , food and beverage and accommodation operations ) .
we have already said that case studies are ‘ interdisciplinary ’ , and you will have noticed that even dubbingtons expected you to use knowledge from at least two different areas ( in that instance , law and food and [drink] control ) , while hardy hall involved more ( finance , personnel , food and [drink] and accommodation operations ) .

He maintains a master wine list and a beverage control book ( this records opening stocks , purchases/ returns and issues to bar/restaurant , the latter cross-checked against Corrigan 's daily bar consumption summary sheets and/or waiters ' checks ) .
he maintains a master wine list and a [drink] control book ( this records opening stocks , purchases/ returns and issues to bar/restaurant , the latter cross-checked against corrigan 's daily bar consumption summary sheets and/or waiters ' checks ) .

The restaurant and bar operations were under the control of the Food and Beverage Manager , who oversaw the activities of the Head Waiter , Chef and bar staff .
the restaurant and bar operations were under the control of the food and [drink] manager , who oversaw the activities of the head waiter , chef and bar staff .

The pre-Duchy management had co-ordinated the hotel 's activities through regular weekly meetings of senior staff ( in practice the Accommodation Manager , Head Receptionist , Housekeeper , Food and Beverage Manager , Head Chef and Head Waiter ) .
the pre-duchy management had co-ordinated the hotel 's activities through regular weekly meetings of senior staff ( in practice the accommodation manager , head receptionist , housekeeper , food and [drink] manager , head chef and head waiter ) .

The Food and Beverage Manager was the first to leave .
the food and [drink] manager was the first to leave .

New management meetings have been established : the management team has been reduced to Winter plus the Food and Beverage and Accommodation Managers .
new management meetings have been established : the management team has been reduced to winter plus the food and [drink] and accommodation managers .

His new Food and Beverage Manager appears to accept the idea as theoretically desirable , but gives it a low priority in practice : privately , he has been urging Winter to ‘ crack the whip a bit ’ , arguing that the whole establishment needs ‘ a good shake up ’ before reforms can be introduced effectively .
his new food and [drink] manager appears to accept the idea as theoretically desirable , but gives it a low priority in practice : privately , he has been urging winter to ‘ crack the whip a bit ’ , arguing that the whole establishment needs ‘ a good shake up ’ before reforms can be introduced effectively .

With Winter 's agreement the new Food and Beverage Manager started to take on industrial release students in 1985 .
with winter 's agreement the new food and [drink] manager started to take on industrial release students in 1985 .

His new Food and Beverage Manager is in favour , but the idea was resisted by the original departmental heads , who made it clear that they preferred the old system .
his new food and [drink] manager is in favour , but the idea was resisted by the original departmental heads , who made it clear that they preferred the old system .

Create additional food and beverage sales .
create additional food and [drink] sales .

The necessary measures are obvious enough , and you should be familiar with them from your work on food and beverage control .
the necessary measures are obvious enough , and you should be familiar with them from your work on food and [drink] control .

Trade stands , ephemera stalls and a real ale/cider bar tent , including a limited anniversary beverage , will also add to the carnival atmosphere of this event .
trade stands , ephemera stalls and a real ale/cider bar tent , including a limited anniversary [drink] , will also add to the carnival atmosphere of this event .

Christina knew nothing of this decision until she over-heard peter Thomas , the duty manager , chatting to the food and beverage executive later that morning .
christina knew nothing of this decision until she over-heard peter thomas , the duty manager , chatting to the food and [drink] executive later that morning .

American herbs such as this one have a history associated with the original Indian inhabitants of the North American continent including Canada , and it was Oswego Indians in particular who used the leaves as the beverage which gives it one of its common names .
american herbs such as this one have a history associated with the original indian inhabitants of the north american continent including canada , and it was oswego indians in particular who used the leaves as the [drink] which gives it one of its common names .

Points to remember If you experience a reaction , immediately cut out the offending food or beverage You will not be eating any grains or dairy produce this week apart from the permitted 2 slices of slimmer 's bread and 3floz ( 85ml ) skimmed milk or low-fat yogurt .
points to remember if you experience a reaction , immediately cut out the offending food or [drink] you will not be eating any grains or dairy produce this week apart from the permitted 2 slices of slimmer 's bread and 3floz ( 85ml ) skimmed milk or low-fat yogurt .

Nearer to their hotel , Fred did an improvisation about the home life of an air hostess who was taken over in bed by her working phrases and asked her husband if he would care to recline and have a beverage .
nearer to their hotel , fred did an improvisation about the home life of an air hostess who was taken over in bed by her working phrases and asked her husband if he would care to recline and have a [drink] .

He was always happy to discuss a new idea , often ( with the aid of a suitable beverage ) late into the night .
he was always happy to discuss a new idea , often ( with the aid of a suitable [drink] ) late into the night .

Malengin set about preparing the beverage .
malengin set about preparing the [drink] .

Rapidly the realisation spread among pre-literate peoples that by harvesting the fruits of the earth and by adding water to wild-growing , or naturally produced , sugar-containing raw materials — like grapes , fruits , berries or honey — and by leaving the sweet mishmash exposed in the warm air ( at the mercy of airborne yeasts ) , a highly prized stimulating beverage would reward the effort .
rapidly the realisation spread among pre-literate peoples that by harvesting the fruits of the earth and by adding water to wild-growing , or naturally produced , sugar-containing raw materials — like grapes , fruits , berries or honey — and by leaving the sweet mishmash exposed in the warm air ( at the mercy of airborne yeasts ) , a highly prized stimulating [drink] would reward the effort .

But Guinness , above all else , is one of the foremost beverage companies of today , boasting famous names wherever quality comes first .
but guinness , above all else , is one of the foremost [drink] companies of today , boasting famous names wherever quality comes first .

be working in appropriate concurrent full-time employment within the industry directly concerned with food and/or beverage preparation or service or with provision and/or service of accommodation .
be working in appropriate concurrent full-time employment within the industry directly concerned with food and/or [drink] preparation or service or with provision and/or service of accommodation .

must have at least two years full-time employment in the industry directly concerned with food and/or beverage preparation or service or with provision and/or service of accommodation .
must have at least two years full-time employment in the industry directly concerned with food and/or [drink] preparation or service or with provision and/or service of accommodation .

Assignments must be relevant to current industry practices and should wherever appropriate relate to the individual students ' work places ; this applies particularly to the technical areas of food , beverage and accommodation operations/management .
assignments must be relevant to current industry practices and should wherever appropriate relate to the individual students ' work places ; this applies particularly to the technical areas of food , [drink] and accommodation operations/management .

It is one of the leading beverage companies in the world , and a major international producer of spirits and beer .
it is one of the leading [drink] companies in the world , and a major international producer of spirits and beer .

The direction and scale of these effects depend on the cross-price elasticities of demand between different beverage categories .
the direction and scale of these effects depend on the cross-price elasticities of demand between different [drink] categories .

If beverage categories are substitute goods ( and therefore in competition with each other ) the cross-price elasticities will be positive .
if [drink] categories are substitute goods ( and therefore in competition with each other ) the cross-price elasticities will be positive .

The everyday experience of The Scotch Whisky Association and its member companies , testifies to the fact that different beverage categories are substitutes for each other and that different excise duty treatment depresses the market share of spirits and increases the market share of wine and beer .
the everyday experience of the scotch whisky association and its member companies , testifies to the fact that different [drink] categories are substitutes for each other and that different excise duty treatment depresses the market share of spirits and increases the market share of wine and beer .

Belgium aims to tax all beverage packaging by the end of 1997 .
belgium aims to tax all [drink] packaging by the end of 1997 .

However , his only drink is 7-Up , which doctors say is a very pure beverage .
however , his only drink is 7-up , which doctors say is a very pure [drink] .

The restaurant manager has the responsibility for the organisation and administration of the restaurants , bars and other food and beverage service areas .
the restaurant manager has the responsibility for the organisation and administration of the restaurants , bars and other food and [drink] service areas .

Food and beverage departments will be given a detailed schedule of meals required .
food and [drink] departments will be given a detailed schedule of meals required .

This is a slightly different scene to the one Tennyson portrays in the same setting in his poem ‘ The miller 's Daughter ’ , where he describes the miller consuming a beverage :
this is a slightly different scene to the one tennyson portrays in the same setting in his poem ‘ the miller 's daughter ’ , where he describes the miller consuming a [drink] :

HNCs and HNDs in areas such as hospitality management , hospitality operations , food and beverage management and other more specialised areas are now available .
hncs and hnds in areas such as hospitality management , hospitality operations , food and [drink] management and other more specialised areas are now available .

Returning to London to work for Grand Metropolitan , he became managing director of Le Coq D'or , was a partner at Le Boulestin and Grand Metropolitan Hotels ' group food and beverage director .
returning to london to work for grand metropolitan , he became managing director of le coq d'or , was a partner at le boulestin and grand metropolitan hotels ' group food and [drink] director .

The restaurant is an important part of the hotel 's attraction , says John Serbrock , as the food and beverage operation is very important for local business .
the restaurant is an important part of the hotel 's attraction , says john serbrock , as the food and [drink] operation is very important for local business .

This has , of course , been the case in the advanced industrial societies for a very long time , but with the difference that the food and beverage industry today is concentrated in the hands of a relatively small number of TNCs ( see Clairrnonte and Cavanagh , 1988 ) .
this has , of course , been the case in the advanced industrial societies for a very long time , but with the difference that the food and [drink] industry today is concentrated in the hands of a relatively small number of tncs ( see clairrnonte and cavanagh , 1988 ) .

Energy transferred to our bodies as heat-by sitting by a fire or by drinking a hot beverage for example-is negligible in comparison .
energy transferred to our bodies as heat-by sitting by a fire or by drinking a hot [drink] for example-is negligible in comparison .

At present , there is no legal limit to the amount of alcohol allowed in a beverage describing itself as `` Low Alcohol `` .
at present , there is no legal limit to the amount of alcohol allowed in a [drink] describing itself as `` low alcohol `` .

Semi-sparkling , with lots of fruit and a medium palate , this delicate beverage is produced by one of southern France 's most renowned wineries .
semi-sparkling , with lots of fruit and a medium palate , this delicate [drink] is produced by one of southern france 's most renowned wineries .

food and beverage cost percentages .
food and [drink] cost percentages .

’ she offered , coming in a little time later , carrying a small tray with three enamel mugs of steaming beverage on it , and a plate of Marie biscuits .
’ she offered , coming in a little time later , carrying a small tray with three enamel mugs of steaming [drink] on it , and a plate of marie biscuits .

Since it was a beverage blessed by the great Dickens , it was perceived by the Lionisers as an entirely suitable drink for the ladies , and by the time Rose and Auguste arrived , another merry night was well in progress .
since it was a [drink] blessed by the great dickens , it was perceived by the lionisers as an entirely suitable drink for the ladies , and by the time rose and auguste arrived , another merry night was well in progress .

If the designer is working on a project where a food and beverage manager has been appointed , he should always be involved from the inception of the project , in order that he may be aware of the development of the facility .
if the designer is working on a project where a food and [drink] manager has been appointed , he should always be involved from the inception of the project , in order that he may be aware of the development of the facility .

One of the latest pieces of equipment to come out of Europe is the fully automatic beverage centre , which features a unique high-speed , low scale water heater with a revolutionary new pass-through boiler system .
one of the latest pieces of equipment to come out of europe is the fully automatic [drink] centre , which features a unique high-speed , low scale water heater with a revolutionary new pass-through boiler system .

Food and beverage management
food and [drink] management

The food and bar department is managed by the food and beverage manager with the head chef , senior maître d'hôte and provision master reporting to him .
the food and bar department is managed by the food and [drink] manager with the head chef , senior maître d'hôte and provision master reporting to him .

To assist the food and beverage manager run the department , there are between four and six assistant managers who are involved in the many and varied aspects of management — from running a food expediting line in the galley through which 1200 entrées will pass in 30 minutes , to being responsible for a small reception for some VIPs .
to assist the food and [drink] manager run the department , there are between four and six assistant managers who are involved in the many and varied aspects of management — from running a food expediting line in the galley through which 1200 entrées will pass in 30 minutes , to being responsible for a small reception for some vips .

Assistant food and beverage managers must first complete our 10-month on board training scheme during which time they will work in all areas of the kitchens , bars , restaurants and storerooms .
assistant food and [drink] managers must first complete our 10-month on board training scheme during which time they will work in all areas of the kitchens , bars , restaurants and storerooms .

We also recruit some assistant food and beverage managers with experience directly into middle management positions .
we also recruit some assistant food and [drink] managers with experience directly into middle management positions .

For those considering a career as either a food and beverage manager or a chef it must be remembered that at Carnival Cruise Lines we are involved in mass catering .
for those considering a career as either a food and [drink] manager or a chef it must be remembered that at carnival cruise lines we are involved in mass catering .

Rank restaurants has its own computerised accounts department which centrally administers payroll , food and beverage controls , auditing and cashiering .
rank restaurants has its own computerised accounts department which centrally administers payroll , food and [drink] controls , auditing and cashiering .

The secretory response of gastric acid to pure ethanol and alcoholic beverages may be different because the action of the non-ethanolic contents of the beverage may overwhelm that of ethanol .
the secretory response of gastric acid to pure ethanol and alcoholic beverages may be different because the action of the non-ethanolic contents of the [drink] may overwhelm that of ethanol .

The Board remains committed to the further development of the Group 's core international beverage businesses .
the board remains committed to the further development of the group 's core international [drink] businesses .

We 'll often meet around midnight , taking in a beverage or two at Highway and the Garage , and tripping the light fantastic ( and the fantastic lights ) at Krypton and Cosmos .
we 'll often meet around midnight , taking in a [drink] or two at highway and the garage , and tripping the light fantastic ( and the fantastic lights ) at krypton and cosmos .

McDonald 's commitment to quality is paramount throughout the production and preparation of all its products , to ensure that customers receive only the highest quality food and beverage .
mcdonald 's commitment to quality is paramount throughout the production and preparation of all its products , to ensure that customers receive only the highest quality food and [drink] .

Mr Amann joins the Copthorne group from Forte 's international division where he was director of food and beverage operations at the Royal Mansour Hotel , Casablanca , Morocco .
mr amann joins the copthorne group from forte 's international division where he was director of food and [drink] operations at the royal mansour hotel , casablanca , morocco .

The traditional beverage here is kumiss , a thick curdly drink made from mare 's milk which has been allowed to ferment .
the traditional [drink] here is kumiss , a thick curdly drink made from mare 's milk which has been allowed to ferment .

No loos , and Ellie 's Sandwich Bar on Piccadilly Circus is long gone too , and , if you fancy a refreshing beverage while you 're waiting ( endlessly ) at Sloane Square , tough luck-that platform pub has gone too , a victim of No Smoking restrictions .
no loos , and ellie 's sandwich bar on piccadilly circus is long gone too , and , if you fancy a refreshing [drink] while you 're waiting ( endlessly ) at sloane square , tough luck-that platform pub has gone too , a victim of no smoking restrictions .

Even the world 's most boring beverage , Ovaltine , jumped on the bandwagon by using Steinski and Mass Media 's parodic collage of kitsch Fifties adspeak , ‘ We 'll Be Right Back ’ .
even the world 's most boring [drink] , ovaltine , jumped on the bandwagon by using steinski and mass media 's parodic collage of kitsch fifties adspeak , ‘ we 'll be right back ’ .

As matters stand , some 27.4 per cent of my sexuality is of the Grecian or musical persuasion ; 71.6 prefers a quiet evening in with nothing more erotic than a gardening magazine and a steaming mug of Mr Horlicks 's malted beverage , whilst the remaining one per cent has become attached to one of Miss Esther Rantzen 's saucy root vegetables .
as matters stand , some 27.4 per cent of my sexuality is of the grecian or musical persuasion ; 71.6 prefers a quiet evening in with nothing more erotic than a gardening magazine and a steaming mug of mr horlicks 's malted [drink] , whilst the remaining one per cent has become attached to one of miss esther rantzen 's saucy root vegetables .

Alpkem has introduced a new family of automated wet chemistry analysers , the Flow Solution , for environmental , agricultural and food and beverage testing .
alpkem has introduced a new family of automated wet chemistry analysers , the flow solution , for environmental , agricultural and food and [drink] testing .

The Commission considered that there was not only one beverage packaging market comprising glass , plastic and cans , but that packaging products may belong to separate markets which only compete to a limited extent .
the commission considered that there was not only one [drink] packaging market comprising glass , plastic and cans , but that packaging products may belong to separate markets which only compete to a limited extent .

He is a consummate wine taster ; John McGlasshan , a top lawyer from Warrington , who maintains his profession 's historical affection for fine wine and does so with great enthusiasm and elan : Aksel Nielsen , what a name , who has the considerable task of keeping Manchester Airport 's millions of travellers from drying out ; David Chell , the Portland 's Food and Beverage Manager and myself .
he is a consummate wine taster ; john mcglasshan , a top lawyer from warrington , who maintains his profession 's historical affection for fine wine and does so with great enthusiasm and elan : aksel nielsen , what a name , who has the considerable task of keeping manchester airport 's millions of travellers from drying out ; david chell , the portland 's food and [drink] manager and myself .

It was not necessary , however , to travel to one of these fashionable watering places to partake of the health-giving beverage , and ‘ taking the waters ’ at a local spring or spa ( spaw to many Northeners ) became very popular during the last century .
it was not necessary , however , to travel to one of these fashionable watering places to partake of the health-giving [drink] , and ‘ taking the waters ’ at a local spring or spa ( spaw to many northeners ) became very popular during the last century .

Pumping the gas in under pressure produced a beverage almost equal to that of the best mineral springs .
pumping the gas in under pressure produced a [drink] almost equal to that of the best mineral springs .

This international trade fair for the food , beverage , dairy and chemical industries will take place on 12–16 October 1992 at the Utrecht Jaarbeurs , Jaarsbeursplein 6 , Utrecht , The Netherlands .
this international trade fair for the food , [drink] , dairy and chemical industries will take place on 12–16 october 1992 at the utrecht jaarbeurs , jaarsbeursplein 6 , utrecht , the netherlands .

Since receiving Bonnie Prince Charlie ’ s recipe in the 18th century , the MacKinnon family still owns the secret recipe for this alcoholic beverage .
since receiving bonnie prince charlie ’ s recipe in the 18th century , the mackinnon family still owns the secret recipe for this alcoholic [drink] .

They double as daytime beach clubs , and have water-sports equipment for rent , along with food and beverage service .
they double as daytime beach clubs , and have water-sports equipment for rent , along with food and [drink] service .

In practice , the BATF interprets this to mean that any health claim must be fully balanced and says it `` considers it extremely unlikely that such a balanced claim would fit on a normal alcoholic beverage label . ''
in practice , the batf interprets this to mean that any health claim must be fully balanced and says it `` considers it extremely unlikely that such a balanced claim would fit on a normal alcoholic [drink] label . ''

It 's possible George means that his generation 's drug of choice was alcohol ( presumably not `` sack , '' Sir John Falstaff 's favorite beverage ) .
it 's possible george means that his generation 's drug of choice was alcohol ( presumably not `` sack , '' sir john falstaff 's favorite [drink] ) .

Then come the ubiquitous images -- dude on surfboard , girl being tossed in blanket , crowd cheering -- that link the product ( be it deodorant or dentures , the Bahamas or a beverage ) with that oldest persuader of them all : sex .
then come the ubiquitous images -- dude on surfboard , girl being tossed in blanket , crowd cheering -- that link the product ( be it deodorant or dentures , the bahamas or a [drink] ) with that oldest persuader of them all : sex .

An unnamed beverage industry executive hates Coca-Cola 's plan to put temperature sensors in its vending machines to automatically raise the price of a Coke on hot days .
an unnamed [drink] industry executive hates coca-cola 's plan to put temperature sensors in its vending machines to automatically raise the price of a coke on hot days .

The LAT lead editorial , `` Bill Gates is Wrong , '' takes exception to Gates ' Coke/Pepsi analogy by saying , `` Microsoft 's ambition to have Windows play an integral role in virtually every American lifestyle is more like Coke telling Americans that from now on it will be their beverage , main course and dessert . ''
the lat lead editorial , `` bill gates is wrong , '' takes exception to gates ' coke/pepsi analogy by saying , `` microsoft 's ambition to have windows play an integral role in virtually every american lifestyle is more like coke telling americans that from now on it will be their [drink] , main course and dessert . ''

Surprisingly , letters found by prosecutors use codes a child could crack -- bin Laden is referred to as `` Mr. Sam '' and `` O'Sam '' and the FBI is called the `` Food and Beverage Industry . ''
surprisingly , letters found by prosecutors use codes a child could crack -- bin laden is referred to as `` mr. sam '' and `` o'sam '' and the fbi is called the `` food and [drink] industry . ''

The flacks at the American Beverage Institute are doing their best to take up the slack .
the flacks at the american [drink] institute are doing their best to take up the slack .

Then there are appetizers , salads , main courses , beverage refills , desserts , and coffee .
then there are appetizers , salads , main courses , [drink] refills , desserts , and coffee .

Though if the typos get any worse , we may need to e-mail him a supply of Seattle 's favorite beverage .
though if the typos get any worse , we may need to e-mail him a supply of seattle 's favorite [drink] .

Diet Coke may be a low-calorie drink , but its makers have never marketed it as a beverage for the overweight .
diet coke may be a low-calorie drink , but its makers have never marketed it as a [drink] for the overweight .

The courts ruled that because cola was a common word describing what was in the beverage , any soda containing cola derivatives could be called a cola .
the courts ruled that because cola was a common word describing what was in the [drink] , any soda containing cola derivatives could be called a cola .

Jim Ficaretta of the BATF has stated that , according to the current ruling , if lite/light in the sense ` reduced calorie ' is applied to a malt beverage , the label on that product must contain a statement of average analysis with regard to calories , carbohydrates , fat and protein .
jim ficaretta of the batf has stated that , according to the current ruling , if lite/light in the sense ` reduced calorie ' is applied to a malt [drink] , the label on that product must contain a statement of average analysis with regard to calories , carbohydrates , fat and protein .

A popular alcoholic beverage , chicha , figures in the saying , Ne chicha ni limonada ` neither fish nor fowl . '
a popular alcoholic [drink] , chicha , figures in the saying , ne chicha ni limonada ` neither fish nor fowl . '

Something about the quotation marks made the coffee suspect , the way a real estate agent will call a closet a “ room. ” Since I did n't feel like drinking a tepid beverage , I walked until I got to a diner that served me an acceptable cup of java .
something about the quotation marks made the coffee suspect , the way a real estate agent will call a closet a “ room. ” since i did n't feel like drinking a tepid [drink] , i walked until i got to a diner that served me an acceptable cup of java .

