# cease to _ -> stop _ing
# cease from -> stop

There can be no doubt that the American Catholic accomplishment in the field of higher education is most impressive : our European brethren never cease to marvel at the number and the size of our colleges and universities .
there can be no doubt that the american catholic accomplishment in the field of higher education is most impressive : our european brethren never [stop] to marvel at the number and the size of our colleges and universities .

But He set a bound to his ( state of ) sin , by interposing death , and thus causing sin to cease , putting an end to it by the dissolution of the flesh , which should take place in the earth , so that man , ceasing at length to live in sin , and dying to it , might live to God '' .
but he set a bound to his ( state of ) sin , by interposing death , and thus causing sin to [stop] , putting an end to it by the dissolution of the flesh , which should take place in the earth , so that man , ceasing at length to live in sin , and dying to it , might live to god '' .

The hero , who is himself , is represented as a pilgrim in the storied lands of the East , a sort of Faustus type , who , to quote from Professor Book again , `` even in the pleasure gardens of Sardanapalus can not cease from his painful search after the meaning of life .
the hero , who is himself , is represented as a pilgrim in the storied lands of the east , a sort of faustus type , who , to quote from professor book again , `` even in the pleasure gardens of sardanapalus can not [stop] from his painful search after the meaning of life .

He must , in short , cease to be a detective and become a rebel .
he must , in short , [stop] to be a detective and become a rebel .

Those social , civilizational factors not rooted in the human spirit of the group , ultimately cease to exist .
those social , civilizational factors not rooted in the human spirit of the group , ultimately [stop] to exist .

Although this kind of wholesale objection came at first from some men who were not technically Puritans , still , once the Puritans gained power , they climaxed the affair by passing the infamous ordinance of 1642 which decreed that all `` public stage-plays shall cease and be forborne '' .
although this kind of wholesale objection came at first from some men who were not technically puritans , still , once the puritans gained power , they climaxed the affair by passing the infamous ordinance of 1642 which decreed that all `` public stage-plays shall [stop] and be forborne '' .

Asked by the townsmen to cease his suit , Greville had answered that `` hytt shulde coste hym 500 first & sayed it must be tried ether before my Lorde Anderson in the countrey or his uncle Ffortescue in the exchequer with whom he colde more prevaile then we '' .
asked by the townsmen to [stop] his suit , greville had answered that `` hytt shulde coste hym 500 first & sayed it must be tried ether before my lorde anderson in the countrey or his uncle ffortescue in the exchequer with whom he colde more prevaile then we '' .

But his rancor did not cease , and presently , on March 13 , when he preached a sermon on the text , `` And Ben-hadad Was Drunk '' , he told his congregation how disappointed he was in Mr. Lewis , how he regretted having had him in his house , and how he should have been warned by the fact that the novelist was drunk all the time that he was working on the book .
but his rancor did not [stop] , and presently , on march 13 , when he preached a sermon on the text , `` and ben-hadad was drunk '' , he told his congregation how disappointed he was in mr. lewis , how he regretted having had him in his house , and how he should have been warned by the fact that the novelist was drunk all the time that he was working on the book .

These lines never cease to haunt the book amidst all the exaltations of combat , and to make an appeal for a larger and more elemental human community than one based on the brutal necessities of war .
these lines never [stop] to haunt the book amidst all the exaltations of combat , and to make an appeal for a larger and more elemental human community than one based on the brutal necessities of war .

Class 2 , stations operating on clear channels are required to cease operation or operate under nighttime restrictions beginning either at local sunset ( for daytime class 2 , stations ) or sunset at the location of the dominant class 1 , station where located west of the class 2 , station ( for limited-time class 2 , stations ) .
class 2 , stations operating on clear channels are required to [stop] operation or operate under nighttime restrictions beginning either at local sunset ( for daytime class 2 , stations ) or sunset at the location of the dominant class 1 , station where located west of the class 2 , station ( for limited-time class 2 , stations ) .

At the old nest , the queen will in the early fall cease to lay the fertilized eggs that will produce females .
at the old nest , the queen will in the early fall [stop] to lay the fertilized eggs that will produce females .

and only when I can acknowledge this , to myself , as being indeed an aspect of my personality , does it cease to be a prominently troublesome aspect of the patient's behavior .
and only when i can acknowledge this , to myself , as being indeed an aspect of my personality , does it [stop] to be a prominently troublesome aspect of the patient's behavior .

) The employer , seeking to continue his harvest , challenged our right to cease referrals to him , and sought relief in the Superior Court of Yuba County .
) the employer , seeking to continue his harvest , challenged our right to [stop] referrals to him , and sought relief in the superior court of yuba county .

If it could be shown that judgments of good and bad were not judgments at all , that they asserted nothing true or false , but merely expressed emotions like `` Hurrah '' or `` Fiddlesticks '' , then these wayward judgments would cease from troubling and weary heads could be at rest .
if it could be shown that judgments of good and bad were not judgments at all , that they asserted nothing true or false , but merely expressed emotions like `` hurrah '' or `` fiddlesticks '' , then these wayward judgments would [stop] from troubling and weary heads could be at rest .

For weeks I wandered about this neighborhood of warehouses and garages , truck terminals and taxi repair shops , gasoline pumps and longshoremen's lunch counters , yet never did I cease to feel myself a stranger there .
for weeks i wandered about this neighborhood of warehouses and garages , truck terminals and taxi repair shops , gasoline pumps and longshoremen's lunch counters , yet never did i [stop] to feel myself a stranger there .

If they fail , jobs will go , brewing will cease and the price of a pint could rise .
if they fail , jobs will go , brewing will [stop] and the price of a pint could rise .

He says if the school no longer has selective entry it will cease to be a Grammar School .
he says if the school no longer has selective entry it will [stop] to be a grammar school .

Once restoration and cleaning are complete the windows will go back inside new ventilated clear glass cases and non-corroding magnesium bronze frames . They will look exactly the same , but temperature and moisture will be controlled … in effect they will cease to age
once restoration and cleaning are complete the windows will go back inside new ventilated clear glass cases and non-corroding magnesium bronze frames . they will look exactly the same , but temperature and moisture will be controlled … in effect they will [stop] to age

But if people start sending unhealthy animals , trading will cease .
but if people start sending unhealthy animals , trading will [stop] .

But Roger Mott insists his company has lost fifty thousand pounds — and it will cease trading after March 6 , the deadline for ticket exchange .
but roger mott insists his company has lost fifty thousand pounds — and it will [stop] trading after march 6 , the deadline for ticket exchange .

At the end of the week , production will finally cease in the Rover north works .
at the end of the week , production will finally [stop] in the rover north works .

The company will pay the greater of the sum insured or the total sale value of the units remaining allocated to the account and the account will cease on the death or earlier permanent disability of Melvin or the death or earlier permanent disability of Lisa .
the company will pay the greater of the sum insured or the total sale value of the units remaining allocated to the account and the account will [stop] on the death or earlier permanent disability of melvin or the death or earlier permanent disability of lisa .

we 're not going anywhere , that was Scilly , nineteen down , stop cease
we 're not going anywhere , that was scilly , nineteen down , stop [stop]

cease fifteen down , state , state for example , say , fifteen across , we 're doing well here are n't we ? Fifteen across machine gun from the er faster
[stop] fifteen down , state , state for example , say , fifteen across , we 're doing well here are n't we ? fifteen across machine gun from the er faster

Yeah , you 'll , you 'll hear that actually come in , if you disconnect one of those legs , if you disconnect that blue wire on there and then cease the intercom and put it back down again you know the relay clicking you 'll hear it come in and go back out again , there you go
yeah , you 'll , you 'll hear that actually come in , if you disconnect one of those legs , if you disconnect that blue wire on there and then [stop] the intercom and put it back down again you know the relay clicking you 'll hear it come in and go back out again , there you go

Even if the Serbs cease their shelling , there is no guarantee that Croats and Muslims will not contest this region .
even if the serbs [stop] their shelling , there is no guarantee that croats and muslims will not contest this region .

He was allowed to die after the Law Lords confirmed an English High Court ruling that doctors could cease feeding him .
he was allowed to die after the law lords confirmed an english high court ruling that doctors could [stop] feeding him .

His action was not connected with the decision to cease Mr Bland 's feeding taken by his parents ‘ for whom we pray ’ .
his action was not connected with the decision to [stop] mr bland 's feeding taken by his parents ‘ for whom we pray ’ .

The current Seventies retro trend is hopefully only a half-way house on the route towards a radically fresh set of fashion values , in which the tailoring disciplines so dominant over the last ten or 15 years might at last cease to be the basis of contemporary womenswear .
the current seventies retro trend is hopefully only a half-way house on the route towards a radically fresh set of fashion values , in which the tailoring disciplines so dominant over the last ten or 15 years might at last [stop] to be the basis of contemporary womenswear .

Indeed the psychiatric hospitals themselves may , in many areas , cease to exist .
indeed the psychiatric hospitals themselves may , in many areas , [stop] to exist .

As you are aware we will not be receiving all of the Grant that we have applied for this year and have been told by the Sports Council that our Grant is to be reduced over the next 3 years and then cease .
as you are aware we will not be receiving all of the grant that we have applied for this year and have been told by the sports council that our grant is to be reduced over the next 3 years and then [stop] .

Green Shield will shortly cease their gifts so please send in what you have .
green shield will shortly [stop] their gifts so please send in what you have .

Therefore any new member this year will not be issued with a number and from January 1989 all numbering will cease .
therefore any new member this year will not be issued with a number and from january 1989 all numbering will [stop] .

The dreams cease to bear much relation to reality , but are so important to both men that they can not be awakened from , controlled or stopped , by anything short of death .
the dreams [stop] to bear much relation to reality , but are so important to both men that they can not be awakened from , controlled or stopped , by anything short of death .

Generosity , was Clary 's middle name , he would never cease to offer me a cigar or a sip of the ‘ funny stuff ’ .
generosity , was clary 's middle name , he would never [stop] to offer me a cigar or a sip of the ‘ funny stuff ’ .

The visits to Miss Havisham 's cease when she pays for Pip to become Joe 's apprentice .
the visits to miss havisham 's [stop] when she pays for pip to become joe 's apprentice .

Under a regime of permanent full employment , ‘ the sack ’ would cease to play its role as a disciplinary measure … ‘ discipline in the factories ’ and ‘ political stability ’ are more appreciated by business leaders than profits .
under a regime of permanent full employment , ‘ the sack ’ would [stop] to play its role as a disciplinary measure … ‘ discipline in the factories ’ and ‘ political stability ’ are more appreciated by business leaders than profits .

To cease .
to [stop] .

Wonders will never cease
wonders will never [stop]

On his retirement the job of district head postmaster will cease to exist , the responsibilities being undertaken by four senior managers .
on his retirement the job of district head postmaster will [stop] to exist , the responsibilities being undertaken by four senior managers .

But this will all cease later this year when the Coopers retire and leave their Post House Wynd business .
but this will all [stop] later this year when the coopers retire and leave their post house wynd business .

We have also made it very clear that upon the signing of a cease fire , but not before , all coalition forces will be drawn back from Iraqi territory that we currently occupy .
we have also made it very clear that upon the signing of a [stop] fire , but not before , all coalition forces will be drawn back from iraqi territory that we currently occupy .

If we do n't get er permission , then er the club will cease to exist in Oxford .
if we do n't get er permission , then er the club will [stop] to exist in oxford .

The bell of St Mary Le Bow began to toll the curfew , the sign that all trading should cease , as four urchins pulled a huge yule log up to the door of one of the great merchants ' houses .
the bell of st mary le bow began to toll the curfew , the sign that all trading should [stop] , as four urchins pulled a huge yule log up to the door of one of the great merchants ' houses .

Never did Pétain cease to be himself in the presence of the troops .
never did pétain [stop] to be himself in the presence of the troops .

To add to this demoralising sense of isolation , the tenacious curtain of smoke from the bombardment meant that the front line frequently could not see the supporting troops behind ; nor , worse still , could their rockets of supplication asking for the artillery to bring down a barrage , or cease shelling their own positions , be seen at the rear .
to add to this demoralising sense of isolation , the tenacious curtain of smoke from the bombardment meant that the front line frequently could not see the supporting troops behind ; nor , worse still , could their rockets of supplication asking for the artillery to bring down a barrage , or [stop] shelling their own positions , be seen at the rear .

doing it and then because you 're good everybody comes and you cease to do it , you 're upstairs doing the books instead
doing it and then because you 're good everybody comes and you [stop] to do it , you 're upstairs doing the books instead

cease her give way wow , ma what ?
[stop] her give way wow , ma what ?

The reefs soon cease to grow as the poor light transmissions through the murky waters prevents the zooxanthellae actively photosynthesising underlining the vital life-sustaining role sunlight plays in this relationship .
the reefs soon [stop] to grow as the poor light transmissions through the murky waters prevents the zooxanthellae actively photosynthesising underlining the vital life-sustaining role sunlight plays in this relationship .

To lose our basis in morality is to cease to be religious , for religion and morality are inescapably bound up with one another .
to lose our basis in morality is to [stop] to be religious , for religion and morality are inescapably bound up with one another .

Naturally , exploitation too will cease and co-operation will be the order of the day ’ .
naturally , exploitation too will [stop] and co-operation will be the order of the day ’ .

If untouchability were to be regarded as an integral part of the Hindu way of life , Gandhi feels that he would have to cease calling himself a Hindu , but he firmly believes that as an institution it has no sanction within Hinduism .
if untouchability were to be regarded as an integral part of the hindu way of life , gandhi feels that he would have to [stop] calling himself a hindu , but he firmly believes that as an institution it has no sanction within hinduism .

Religion can not be divorced from morality in his view for it is belief in an ordered moral government of the universe and when we lose our basis in morality we cease to be religious .
religion can not be divorced from morality in his view for it is belief in an ordered moral government of the universe and when we lose our basis in morality we [stop] to be religious .

The terms of the agreement were as follows : that political prisoners were to be released and the relevant ordinances withdrawn ; that civil disobedience was to be stopped ; that the boycott of British goods would cease , though ‘ peaceful picketing ’ could continue ; that there would be no change in the salt laws , though people living by the sea could make some for personal consumption ; and that Congress was to be represented at future sessions of the Round Table conference , the agreed agenda being federation , ‘ Indian responsibility ’ , and ‘ reservations or safeguards in the interests of India for such matters as , for instance , defence ; external affairs ; the position of minorities ; the financial credit of India , and the discharge of obligations ’ .
the terms of the agreement were as follows : that political prisoners were to be released and the relevant ordinances withdrawn ; that civil disobedience was to be stopped ; that the boycott of british goods would [stop] , though ‘ peaceful picketing ’ could continue ; that there would be no change in the salt laws , though people living by the sea could make some for personal consumption ; and that congress was to be represented at future sessions of the round table conference , the agreed agenda being federation , ‘ indian responsibility ’ , and ‘ reservations or safeguards in the interests of india for such matters as , for instance , defence ; external affairs ; the position of minorities ; the financial credit of india , and the discharge of obligations ’ .

When the person called lifts the receiver , the ringing pulses will cease .
when the person called lifts the receiver , the ringing pulses will [stop] .

Keep it in the quarantine tank , cease medication and keep an eye on it for the next few months .
keep it in the quarantine tank , [stop] medication and keep an eye on it for the next few months .

But if temperatures rise , as they have done recently , the fish may cease feeding .
but if temperatures rise , as they have done recently , the fish may [stop] feeding .

But , as a very rough guide , the first frosts — occurring around Guy Fawkes ' night and corresponding with intensive leaf-fall — mark the time when your fish will cease to be active and enter a state of semi-dormancy .
but , as a very rough guide , the first frosts — occurring around guy fawkes ' night and corresponding with intensive leaf-fall — mark the time when your fish will [stop] to be active and enter a state of semi-dormancy .

It is tempting to suppose , however , that if homoeopathy were not efficacious it would scarcely have survived for so long , since it would be expected that doctors would cease to practise it or patients to demand it .
it is tempting to suppose , however , that if homoeopathy were not efficacious it would scarcely have survived for so long , since it would be expected that doctors would [stop] to practise it or patients to demand it .

Thus the procedure must cease .
thus the procedure must [stop] .

Equally sensational to experience is the twin guitar team of brother Rich Robinson and not so raw recruit Marc Ford , who was formerly axe man for Burning Tree and now replaces the ditched Jeff Cease .
equally sensational to experience is the twin guitar team of brother rich robinson and not so raw recruit marc ford , who was formerly axe man for burning tree and now replaces the ditched jeff [stop] .

If an employee leaves the company for any reason whatsoever , the mortgage allowance will cease immediately .
if an employee leaves the company for any reason whatsoever , the mortgage allowance will [stop] immediately .

the employee 's ) employer … has ceased or intends to cease , to carry on that business in the place where the employee was so employed … ’ .
the employee 's ) employer … has ceased or intends to [stop] , to carry on that business in the place where the employee was so employed … ’ .

Further , he suggested that the principle of the exemption of the civilian population from being an intentional object of warfare had been so whittled down during the Second World War and in post-1945 treaties as to cease to offer reliable guidance except in the most unambiguous circumstances .
further , he suggested that the principle of the exemption of the civilian population from being an intentional object of warfare had been so whittled down during the second world war and in post-1945 treaties as to [stop] to offer reliable guidance except in the most unambiguous circumstances .

We shall not cease from exploration
we shall not [stop] from exploration

He is also told to , ‘ never cease your labour , your care and diligence , until you have done all that lieth in you , according to your bounden duty , to bring all such as are or shall be committed to your charge , unto … knowledge of God ’ .
he is also told to , ‘ never [stop] your labour , your care and diligence , until you have done all that lieth in you , according to your bounden duty , to bring all such as are or shall be committed to your charge , unto … knowledge of god ’ .

People cease to be rational even when they 've known and worked with someone for the last ten years .
people [stop] to be rational even when they 've known and worked with someone for the last ten years .

‘ would permit the continued use of the design approaches using ‘ shared space ’ which have been hailed as being highly successful in environmental and aesthetic terms ; the short sightlines which form a natural part of the ‘ intimate spaces ’ created in these schemes would cease at really low speeds to be short compared with stopping distances , and hence would pose little threat . ’
‘ would permit the continued use of the design approaches using ‘ shared space ’ which have been hailed as being highly successful in environmental and aesthetic terms ; the short sightlines which form a natural part of the ‘ intimate spaces ’ created in these schemes would [stop] at really low speeds to be short compared with stopping distances , and hence would pose little threat . ’

The books seemed never to cease , from Burgundy Vines and Wines and a history of the house of Krug , to Fred , the story of Freddie Trueman , and , together with Sir Neville Cardus , The Noblest Game .
the books seemed never to [stop] , from burgundy vines and wines and a history of the house of krug , to fred , the story of freddie trueman , and , together with sir neville cardus , the noblest game .

Over the next two years , six out of 10 mainframe users in Western Europe will cease to use such machines as their main computing environment .
over the next two years , six out of 10 mainframe users in western europe will [stop] to use such machines as their main computing environment .

Almost immediately there was trouble with her fellow-travellers on account of her ‘ great weeping and boisterous sobbing ’ , and her continual exhortations to the good life , which she would not cease from even at meals .
almost immediately there was trouble with her fellow-travellers on account of her ‘ great weeping and boisterous sobbing ’ , and her continual exhortations to the good life , which she would not [stop] from even at meals .

He was allowed to die after the Law Lords confirmed a High Court ruling that doctors could cease feeding him .
he was allowed to die after the law lords confirmed a high court ruling that doctors could [stop] feeding him .

If anguish is too great , an elder may simply cease to discuss loss and just keep going at the level of practical consciousness .
if anguish is too great , an elder may simply [stop] to discuss loss and just keep going at the level of practical consciousness .

Wordsworth hoped that the people who read these poems would cease to put forward such hardheaded schemes as the separation of husband and wife in workhouses , or the sale of children to be ‘ apprenticed ’ in the mills .
wordsworth hoped that the people who read these poems would [stop] to put forward such hardheaded schemes as the separation of husband and wife in workhouses , or the sale of children to be ‘ apprenticed ’ in the mills .

Even the rain outside seemed to cease falling so heavily .
even the rain outside seemed to [stop] falling so heavily .

The words were beginning to cease being just shapes and pictures .
the words were beginning to [stop] being just shapes and pictures .

only in the sense that driving while drunk is wrong , and would cease to be so if medical obstacles were removed ?
only in the sense that driving while drunk is wrong , and would [stop] to be so if medical obstacles were removed ?

You would think we all agreed that acting to end third-world poverty was our number one priority , and that we would all , with barely a sigh of regret , give up our cars , our fridge-freezers and dishwashers , would cease commuting and return to live in the cities we abandoned for the good of our children , and would generally resume our lives as good citizens after 13 years in the desert .
you would think we all agreed that acting to end third-world poverty was our number one priority , and that we would all , with barely a sigh of regret , give up our cars , our fridge-freezers and dishwashers , would [stop] commuting and return to live in the cities we abandoned for the good of our children , and would generally resume our lives as good citizens after 13 years in the desert .

Their view that the main traditional sources of grievance in industry — salaries , and problems deriving from the nature of the work task and of work organisation — would cease to be of importance as a focus of grievance in continuous-process industries turned out to be unsupported .
their view that the main traditional sources of grievance in industry — salaries , and problems deriving from the nature of the work task and of work organisation — would [stop] to be of importance as a focus of grievance in continuous-process industries turned out to be unsupported .

In 1968 the Government introduced the Newspaper Ordnance ( Amendment ) Bill , which empowered the president to order a newspaper to cease publication when he considered it in the public interest to do so .
in 1968 the government introduced the newspaper ordnance ( amendment ) bill , which empowered the president to order a newspaper to [stop] publication when he considered it in the public interest to do so .

It is the account of Paradise lost and Paradise regained : the primitive state with man as homo faber in an idyllic world ; the advent of private property and the rift between oppressor and oppressed ; and the final communist state in which exploitation , war and conflict will cease .
it is the account of paradise lost and paradise regained : the primitive state with man as homo faber in an idyllic world ; the advent of private property and the rift between oppressor and oppressed ; and the final communist state in which exploitation , war and conflict will [stop] .

Once a voluntary resolution to wind up has been made , business must cease .
once a voluntary resolution to wind up has been made , business must [stop] .

When had the happiness begun to dilute itself , and at last to cease ?
when had the happiness begun to dilute itself , and at last to [stop] ?

It is said that these underground beings , djinn , rise in the half light of pre-dawn and in the twilight . Are they mind creatures , hallucinations or semi-realities ? Is it belief that gives them reality ? If we disbelieve do they cease to exist ? Or is the carefully structured Arabian djinn world a remnant of some extension of communication which we once knew how to use and control but have now lost ?
it is said that these underground beings , djinn , rise in the half light of pre-dawn and in the twilight . are they mind creatures , hallucinations or semi-realities ? is it belief that gives them reality ? if we disbelieve do they [stop] to exist ? or is the carefully structured arabian djinn world a remnant of some extension of communication which we once knew how to use and control but have now lost ?

It took quite a while for the tears to cease .
it took quite a while for the tears to [stop] .

It reminded her of how , in her youth , she had always been puzzled by the lines of the hymn : Can a mother 's tender care , cease towards the child she bear ?
it reminded her of how , in her youth , she had always been puzzled by the lines of the hymn : can a mother 's tender care , [stop] towards the child she bear ?

Harriet knew , of course , that she would never cease to care for Liza , but from then on it was much more a question of duty rather than any labour of love .
harriet knew , of course , that she would never [stop] to care for liza , but from then on it was much more a question of duty rather than any labour of love .

Without this extensive support , many of our newspapers , for example , would either cost much , much more or cease to exist .
without this extensive support , many of our newspapers , for example , would either cost much , much more or [stop] to exist .

You will not have to pay any more national insurance contributions and , unless you choose to invest in a private plan , your pension payments will also cease .
you will not have to pay any more national insurance contributions and , unless you choose to invest in a private plan , your pension payments will also [stop] .

Equally , any business entertaining you enjoyed will largely cease , so any free lunches and the like will have to be paid for instead from the domestic housekeeping .
equally , any business entertaining you enjoyed will largely [stop] , so any free lunches and the like will have to be paid for instead from the domestic housekeeping .

Normally , any contributions you are making to the scheme will cease to be required and your pension ( which will not be paid until you retire ) will be increased to compensate for its deferment .
normally , any contributions you are making to the scheme will [stop] to be required and your pension ( which will not be paid until you retire ) will be increased to compensate for its deferment .

If you remarry before the age of 60 , you cease absolutely being dependent on your former husband and instead , your pension will be based on your new husband 's contribution record .
if you remarry before the age of 60 , you [stop] absolutely being dependent on your former husband and instead , your pension will be based on your new husband 's contribution record .

Widows who remarry , or live with a man as his wife , cease to receive widows ' pension unless , that is , they are aged 60 or over in which case they may continue to receive their pension .
widows who remarry , or live with a man as his wife , [stop] to receive widows ' pension unless , that is , they are aged 60 or over in which case they may continue to receive their pension .

Pull one part out and all of the others cease to function properly .
pull one part out and all of the others [stop] to function properly .

He asks whether a general phenomenon would cease to be a feature of a society if particular individuals held different beliefs .
he asks whether a general phenomenon would [stop] to be a feature of a society if particular individuals held different beliefs .

‘ Cease fire , if you can , ’ he radioed to his invisible companions .
‘ [stop] fire , if you can , ’ he radioed to his invisible companions .

But attempts to convince us that the eating of meat and fish is an evil invasion of the inalienable rights of animals and that it should cease forthwith are a sham .
but attempts to convince us that the eating of meat and fish is an evil invasion of the inalienable rights of animals and that it should [stop] forthwith are a sham .

Over the next two years , six out of 10 mainframe users in Western Europe will cease to use such machines as their main computing environment .
over the next two years , six out of 10 mainframe users in western europe will [stop] to use such machines as their main computing environment .

Sparc International is policing its Sparc trademark privileges : it has sent hierarchical storage start-up Hiarc Inc a cease and desist notice to stop using the name Sparcus on the software that transparently manages Unix files .
sparc international is policing its sparc trademark privileges : it has sent hierarchical storage start-up hiarc inc a [stop] and desist notice to stop using the name sparcus on the software that transparently manages unix files .

You 'll need to know when snow should cease to be a problem and when it 's likely to reappear .
you 'll need to know when snow should [stop] to be a problem and when it 's likely to reappear .

But after a while straight pieces of knitting cease to be satisfying and we progress to shaping , which speeds up the making-up process and also saves on materials .
but after a while straight pieces of knitting [stop] to be satisfying and we progress to shaping , which speeds up the making-up process and also saves on materials .

Fei advised the students to cease their actions and work quietly for reform .
fei advised the students to [stop] their actions and work quietly for reform .

As long as it takes the child to cease movement .
as long as it takes the child to [stop] movement .

The snake will untie the intricate knot and the deeply-hidden force of life within Cleopatra will cease .
the snake will untie the intricate knot and the deeply-hidden force of life within cleopatra will [stop] .

He followed , unwilling to cease hostilities .
he followed , unwilling to [stop] hostilities .

Exploits of the men and machines of Bomber Command during World War Two never cease to amaze and astound .
exploits of the men and machines of bomber command during world war two never [stop] to amaze and astound .

Public utilities such as electricity , gas , water and telecommunications provided the best examples of what were considered to be natural monopolies , although when technological advances are made , certain industries formerly classed as natural monopolies may cease to be so ( eg telecommunications ) .
public utilities such as electricity , gas , water and telecommunications provided the best examples of what were considered to be natural monopolies , although when technological advances are made , certain industries formerly classed as natural monopolies may [stop] to be so ( eg telecommunications ) .

After the inquiry into the resulting fire , Griffith and Lockspeiser were commanded to cease wasting their time .
after the inquiry into the resulting fire , griffith and lockspeiser were commanded to [stop] wasting their time .

Similarly , any interest on the overdue tax will cease to accrue from the same date .
similarly , any interest on the overdue tax will [stop] to accrue from the same date .

If it were to become an actual consistent condition , the very purpose of life itself ( which is growth towards perfection through the struggle between opposites or growth towards total ‘ order ’ ) would be cancelled out and the evolutionary process would cease to be of significance .
if it were to become an actual consistent condition , the very purpose of life itself ( which is growth towards perfection through the struggle between opposites or growth towards total ‘ order ’ ) would be cancelled out and the evolutionary process would [stop] to be of significance .

When both parties cease to speak you have hit deadlock — wrong ! People do n't like silence , they feel a need to fill it and in filling a silence often say things they regret .
when both parties [stop] to speak you have hit deadlock — wrong ! people do n't like silence , they feel a need to fill it and in filling a silence often say things they regret .

‘ Should the negotiations be unsuccessful , it is unlikely that the group would be able to continue to trade and the going concern basis would cease to be appropriate , ’ comment the auditors .
‘ should the negotiations be unsuccessful , it is unlikely that the group would be able to continue to trade and the going concern basis would [stop] to be appropriate , ’ comment the auditors .

We invoke the name of Omnipotence , humbly imploring his power and approbation ; to our countrymen we say , cease from your ribbons and banners ; support party struggles no more ; leave them to die , to exhaust themselves ; support those men of all parties who will espouse and maintain the good old rule of Christianity … we must ourselves be the great instrument of our regeneration .
we invoke the name of omnipotence , humbly imploring his power and approbation ; to our countrymen we say , [stop] from your ribbons and banners ; support party struggles no more ; leave them to die , to exhaust themselves ; support those men of all parties who will espouse and maintain the good old rule of christianity … we must ourselves be the great instrument of our regeneration .

Her Majesty and His Royal Highness particularly hope that the intrusions into the privacy of the Prince and Princess of Wales may now cease .
her majesty and his royal highness particularly hope that the intrusions into the privacy of the prince and princess of wales may now [stop] .

Although some Treasury ministers have hinted that economic recovery is in sight , no one on the Government benches has dared predict when unemployment will cease its remorseless rise .
although some treasury ministers have hinted that economic recovery is in sight , no one on the government benches has dared predict when unemployment will [stop] its remorseless rise .

Although he had been a sobering and restricting influence in a Germanic way upon the Queen , she took to wearing black immediately after his death and , in a sense , appeared never to cease mourning for him until the day she died .
although he had been a sobering and restricting influence in a germanic way upon the queen , she took to wearing black immediately after his death and , in a sense , appeared never to [stop] mourning for him until the day she died .

Further , decisions about the needs of kin , and whether one has a duty to put them before one 's own interests , cease to be static sets of responsibilities and become matters for judgement at a particular point in time , with such judgements being related both to the economic circumstances then prevailing , and to the situation of all the other members of the family group .
further , decisions about the needs of kin , and whether one has a duty to put them before one 's own interests , [stop] to be static sets of responsibilities and become matters for judgement at a particular point in time , with such judgements being related both to the economic circumstances then prevailing , and to the situation of all the other members of the family group .

And given that it was Godolphin himself who supplied these items — most were simply terrestrial trivia , revered in the Dominions because of their place of origin — and given that he would not cease to do so as long as the fever of collection was upon him and he could exchange such items for artifacts from the Imajica , Peccable 's business would flourish .
and given that it was godolphin himself who supplied these items — most were simply terrestrial trivia , revered in the dominions because of their place of origin — and given that he would not [stop] to do so as long as the fever of collection was upon him and he could exchange such items for artifacts from the imajica , peccable 's business would flourish .

There are therefore , Devlin suggests , many matters of private morality which are brought within the ambit of the criminal law , for if everything that was not designed to preserve order and decency or to protect citizens were removed from the criminal law , several crimes would cease to be just that , e.g .
there are therefore , devlin suggests , many matters of private morality which are brought within the ambit of the criminal law , for if everything that was not designed to preserve order and decency or to protect citizens were removed from the criminal law , several crimes would [stop] to be just that , e.g .

Early last month , the New-York Historical Society announced that it would close its library and cease all other operations to concentrate its efforts on resolving the grave financial crisis that threatens America 's oldest historical society with extinction .
early last month , the new-york historical society announced that it would close its library and [stop] all other operations to concentrate its efforts on resolving the grave financial crisis that threatens america 's oldest historical society with extinction .

Because it is unavoidable , in treating of mental propositions , to make use of words ; and then the instances of mental propositions cease immediately to be barely mental , and become verbal .
because it is unavoidable , in treating of mental propositions , to make use of words ; and then the instances of mental propositions [stop] immediately to be barely mental , and become verbal .

But calling something a science does not guarantee that its practitioners forthwith cease to be attracted to the same specious accounts of what it is to communicate to which the rest of us are attracted when we try to say what communicating is .
but calling something a science does not guarantee that its practitioners forthwith [stop] to be attracted to the same specious accounts of what it is to communicate to which the rest of us are attracted when we try to say what communicating is .

Along the way , Martin hopes , costume studies may cease to be the poor relation among museum departments and begin to be taken more seriously .
along the way , martin hopes , costume studies may [stop] to be the poor relation among museum departments and begin to be taken more seriously .

In more recent years , 60 years of age for women and 65 for men have tended to be the maximum ages at which permanent retirement from the labour force takes place , earnings from current employment cease , and statutory and , in some cases , occupational pensions are drawn .
in more recent years , 60 years of age for women and 65 for men have tended to be the maximum ages at which permanent retirement from the labour force takes place , earnings from current employment [stop] , and statutory and , in some cases , occupational pensions are drawn .

Not surprisingly , job applications tended to be concentrated in the early stages of unemployment and to cease when older workers became discouraged from making further , fruitless efforts .
not surprisingly , job applications tended to be concentrated in the early stages of unemployment and to [stop] when older workers became discouraged from making further , fruitless efforts .

Which of these demand- and supply-related factors exerted a dominant influence on individual older workers in deciding whether or not to cease economic activity and become early retired ?
which of these demand- and supply-related factors exerted a dominant influence on individual older workers in deciding whether or not to [stop] economic activity and become early retired ?

And never , in the long , light nights , do the sea-birds cease from calling and flying .
and never , in the long , light nights , do the sea-birds [stop] from calling and flying .

Millie thought that they would never cease praying .
millie thought that they would never [stop] praying .

With the restaurant gone , Picon expects the Cypriot corridor , now lined with Cypriot archaic sculpture and glorious Boscotrecase frescoes , to cease being a corridor and become a calm gallery again — instead of a passageway from the Great Hall to the restaurant , which can turn into a snarl of baby strollers on a Saturday .
with the restaurant gone , picon expects the cypriot corridor , now lined with cypriot archaic sculpture and glorious boscotrecase frescoes , to [stop] being a corridor and become a calm gallery again — instead of a passageway from the great hall to the restaurant , which can turn into a snarl of baby strollers on a saturday .

Taunton Cider will cease operations quietly on January 1 , but Fitzgerald Lighting will mark the end of their connection on December 1 in style with a steam hauled run by the last train from Walker Lines Industrial Estate to Bodmin Parkway .
taunton cider will [stop] operations quietly on january 1 , but fitzgerald lighting will mark the end of their connection on december 1 in style with a steam hauled run by the last train from walker lines industrial estate to bodmin parkway .

On the day after the Cease Fire he had been granted an audience with the Chairman of the Revolutionary Council and he had argued his case for the revitalisation of his dream .
on the day after the [stop] fire he had been granted an audience with the chairman of the revolutionary council and he had argued his case for the revitalisation of his dream .

She saw the man on the pavement shudder , and the thrashing cease .
she saw the man on the pavement shudder , and the thrashing [stop] .

This also found expression in the cosmological argument , which in structure resembles those from causality and design : all that exists is real , but only accidentally so ; for it might not have existed , may cease to exist , and can certainly be conceived of as non-existent .
this also found expression in the cosmological argument , which in structure resembles those from causality and design : all that exists is real , but only accidentally so ; for it might not have existed , may [stop] to exist , and can certainly be conceived of as non-existent .

Is it not the very catholicity of the Church which is in question ? Some Africans have suggested that the Church would cease to be truly catholic , universal , from the moment when , for disciplinary reasons only , she would refuse to acknowledge the realities which constitute the life-style of non-mediterranean people .
is it not the very catholicity of the church which is in question ? some africans have suggested that the church would [stop] to be truly catholic , universal , from the moment when , for disciplinary reasons only , she would refuse to acknowledge the realities which constitute the life-style of non-mediterranean people .

Or is she the dark , instinctive force which Pamina must acknowledge and cease to accept unquestioningly , separating herself from it so that she can grow and begin her life 's journey ?
or is she the dark , instinctive force which pamina must acknowledge and [stop] to accept unquestioningly , separating herself from it so that she can grow and begin her life 's journey ?

These assume that centralised , parliamentary government will cease and that regional administrations under military and civil service commissioners will endeavour to operate essential services .
these assume that centralised , parliamentary government will [stop] and that regional administrations under military and civil service commissioners will endeavour to operate essential services .

if the other party shall commit any act of bankruptcy , shall have a receiving order made against it , shall make or negotiate for any composition or arrangement with or assignment for the benefit of its creditors or , if the other party being a body corporate shall present a petition or have a petition presented by a creditor for its winding up or shall enter into any liquidation ( other than for the purpose of reconstruction or amalgamation ) , shall call any meeting of its creditors , shall have a receiver of all or any to its undertakings or assets appointed , shall be deemed to be unable to pay its debts , or shall cease to carry on business
if the other party shall commit any act of bankruptcy , shall have a receiving order made against it , shall make or negotiate for any composition or arrangement with or assignment for the benefit of its creditors or , if the other party being a body corporate shall present a petition or have a petition presented by a creditor for its winding up or shall enter into any liquidation ( other than for the purpose of reconstruction or amalgamation ) , shall call any meeting of its creditors , shall have a receiver of all or any to its undertakings or assets appointed , shall be deemed to be unable to pay its debts , or shall [stop] to carry on business

15.3.3 all rights acquired by the Party in default hereunder to Background and results of other Parties shall cease immediately but the Party in default 's obligations under Clause 6 shall remain in full force and effect , and
15.3.3 all rights acquired by the party in default hereunder to background and results of other parties shall [stop] immediately but the party in default 's obligations under clause 6 shall remain in full force and effect , and

17.1 If in the Publisher 's opinion the Work should cease to have a sufficiently remunerative sale the Publisher may either remainder or waste any copies remaining on hand .
17.1 if in the publisher 's opinion the work should [stop] to have a sufficiently remunerative sale the publisher may either remainder or waste any copies remaining on hand .

If neither of these alternatives is in 's opinion practicable , will give notice to to that effect and will immediately upon receipt of such notice cease all use of the Work and/or the Converted Text of the Work for the purposes of this Agreement .
if neither of these alternatives is in 's opinion practicable , will give notice to to that effect and will immediately upon receipt of such notice [stop] all use of the work and/or the converted text of the work for the purposes of this agreement .

16.1 If in the Publisher 's opinion the Work should cease to have a sufficiently remunerative sale the Publisher may either remainder or waste any copies remaining on hand .
16.1 if in the publisher 's opinion the work should [stop] to have a sufficiently remunerative sale the publisher may either remainder or waste any copies remaining on hand .

On the one hand , Kautsky argued that the state was an instrument of the ruling class , and that it ‘ will not cease to be a capitalist institution until the proletariat has become the ruling class ’ ( Kautsky , 1971 , p. 110 ) .
on the one hand , kautsky argued that the state was an instrument of the ruling class , and that it ‘ will not [stop] to be a capitalist institution until the proletariat has become the ruling class ’ ( kautsky , 1971 , p. 110 ) .

If the accusation receive official confirmation , a messenger is sent to confront the witch and to ask him with all due civility to cease his evil influence .
if the accusation receive official confirmation , a messenger is sent to confront the witch and to ask him with all due civility to [stop] his evil influence .

Republicans were particularly concerned that the Church 's educational role should cease and be superseded by a system of free , obligatory and laic education .
republicans were particularly concerned that the church 's educational role should [stop] and be superseded by a system of free , obligatory and laic education .

The amputee 's tongue flickered silently , stumpily , as though tasting the molecules of Lexandro 's sweat which escaped into the air , before he resumed his discourse : ‘ The longest that anyone has endured a nerveglove at level tertius until irreversible insanity , is fifty-two minutes — by which time the pain signals were so burned into the nerves that they could never cease thereafter . ’
the amputee 's tongue flickered silently , stumpily , as though tasting the molecules of lexandro 's sweat which escaped into the air , before he resumed his discourse : ‘ the longest that anyone has endured a nerveglove at level tertius until irreversible insanity , is fifty-two minutes — by which time the pain signals were so burned into the nerves that they could never [stop] thereafter . ’

However , it seems that gravity should provide a limit , but only at the very short length scale of 10 -33 cm or the very high energy of 10 28 length scales shorter than this , one would expect that space-time would cease to behave like a smooth continuum and that it would acquire a foamlike structure because of quantum fluctuations of the gravitational field .
however , it seems that gravity should provide a limit , but only at the very short length scale of 10 -33 cm or the very high energy of 10 28 length scales shorter than this , one would expect that space-time would [stop] to behave like a smooth continuum and that it would acquire a foamlike structure because of quantum fluctuations of the gravitational field .

So business and commercial rates would cease to be imposed locally : they would be a national tax available for redistribution to local government .
so business and commercial rates would [stop] to be imposed locally : they would be a national tax available for redistribution to local government .

It may not be too long before farm workers cease to be a majority of those engaged in farming .
it may not be too long before farm workers [stop] to be a majority of those engaged in farming .

Section 7 ( 1 ) stated ‘ The provisions of the Act or order by which the land is authorised to be acquired , or of any Act incorporated therewith , shall in relation to the matters dealt with in this Act , have effect subject to this Act , and so far as inconsistent with this Act those provisions shall cease to have or shall not have effect … ’ The Housing Act 1925 , s. 46 provided for the assessment of compensation for land acquired compulsorily under an improvement or reconstruction scheme made under that Act in a manner differing in certain respects from that prescribed by the Act of 1919 .
section 7 ( 1 ) stated ‘ the provisions of the act or order by which the land is authorised to be acquired , or of any act incorporated therewith , shall in relation to the matters dealt with in this act , have effect subject to this act , and so far as inconsistent with this act those provisions shall [stop] to have or shall not have effect … ’ the housing act 1925 , s. 46 provided for the assessment of compensation for land acquired compulsorily under an improvement or reconstruction scheme made under that act in a manner differing in certain respects from that prescribed by the act of 1919 .

Wonders would never cease .
wonders would never [stop] .

Each local authority must compile a register containing the names and addresses of those within the area who are liable to pay the tax and the dates from which they become , or cease to be , liable .
each local authority must compile a register containing the names and addresses of those within the area who are liable to pay the tax and the dates from which they become , or [stop] to be , liable .

An alternative view , and one that is supported by circumstantial evidence from my own constituency , is that many wives voluntarily cease to work once their husbands become long-term unemployed .
an alternative view , and one that is supported by circumstantial evidence from my own constituency , is that many wives voluntarily [stop] to work once their husbands become long-term unemployed .

The powers of the directors cease on the appointment of a liquidator .
the powers of the directors [stop] on the appointment of a liquidator .

The directors cease to have power .
the directors [stop] to have power .

‘ are significant improvements in watercourses either because one has managed to get a discharger to cause his discharge to cease or to be brought up to a standard where a very significant polluting input has stopped , and there is a corresponding improvement in the overall river system .
‘ are significant improvements in watercourses either because one has managed to get a discharger to cause his discharge to [stop] or to be brought up to a standard where a very significant polluting input has stopped , and there is a corresponding improvement in the overall river system .

Great houses did not of course cease to be built ; on the contrary , almost as many were erected in the nineteenth century as a whole as in the three centuries that preceded it put together .
great houses did not of course [stop] to be built ; on the contrary , almost as many were erected in the nineteenth century as a whole as in the three centuries that preceded it put together .

One might have thought that these divisions would at least cease to operate in church , but there too Kerr advocates a rigid hierarchy : ‘ The best of all systems of arrangement is to place the family and their guests in front , strangers of position next behind them , and the upper and lower servants , together with strangers of their classes respectively , in successive order .
one might have thought that these divisions would at least [stop] to operate in church , but there too kerr advocates a rigid hierarchy : ‘ the best of all systems of arrangement is to place the family and their guests in front , strangers of position next behind them , and the upper and lower servants , together with strangers of their classes respectively , in successive order .

The following practices have been noted and should cease forthwith : Missiles thrown at the police should not be picked up and thrown back as once the missile has hit the ground it is deemed ‘ out of play ’ .
the following practices have been noted and should [stop] forthwith : missiles thrown at the police should not be picked up and thrown back as once the missile has hit the ground it is deemed ‘ out of play ’ .

The practice , especially among members of shield serials , of ‘ whooping like cowboys and indians ’ and beating of truncheons on riot shields must cease as this tends to frighten and intimidate rioters .
the practice , especially among members of shield serials , of ‘ whooping like cowboys and indians ’ and beating of truncheons on riot shields must [stop] as this tends to frighten and intimidate rioters .

Superficially such a resolution might appear to have been no more than a minimum concession by the Federation in response to the seamen 's involvement in a wave of strikes by transport workers which had reverberated around the ports of Britain in the previous summer — an undertaking that it would withdraw its `` ticket `` if the union would do the same , so that neither side would attempt to control the supply of seamen and free labour disputes would cease .
superficially such a resolution might appear to have been no more than a minimum concession by the federation in response to the seamen 's involvement in a wave of strikes by transport workers which had reverberated around the ports of britain in the previous summer — an undertaking that it would withdraw its `` ticket `` if the union would do the same , so that neither side would attempt to control the supply of seamen and free labour disputes would [stop] .

Searching may thus cease at the first level or spread down and out , through the analysis of the primitives or entity geometry , into a fine check of a region of local geometry .
searching may thus [stop] at the first level or spread down and out , through the analysis of the primitives or entity geometry , into a fine check of a region of local geometry .

On the hundredth blow he motioned his subordinates to cease and haul the moaning coolies upright .
on the hundredth blow he motioned his subordinates to [stop] and haul the moaning coolies upright .

Cowell and Crothers ( 1970 ) and Crothers ( 1971 ) accepted the basic observation- namely that dog-whelks cease growth at maturity and ( usually ) lay down a row of `` teeth `` .
cowell and crothers ( 1970 ) and crothers ( 1971 ) accepted the basic observation- namely that dog-whelks [stop] growth at maturity and ( usually ) lay down a row of `` teeth `` .

He found all second winter whelks to cease feeding on the Yorkshire coast and lay down a row of `` teeth `` within their shell .
he found all second winter whelks to [stop] feeding on the yorkshire coast and lay down a row of `` teeth `` within their shell .

Nor did Greek interest in Persia cease after the fifth century : a apart from Plato , several fourth-century commentators had good things to say , like the Oxyrhynchus Historian ( xix Bartoletti ) , who comments on the way Persian commanders deliberately withheld payments from ( Greek ) mercenaries ; this would put them more in their power .
nor did greek interest in persia [stop] after the fifth century : a apart from plato , several fourth-century commentators had good things to say , like the oxyrhynchus historian ( xix bartoletti ) , who comments on the way persian commanders deliberately withheld payments from ( greek ) mercenaries ; this would put them more in their power .

If those who profit from the sale of descriptions of their investigations and speculations about matters of public interest are not restrained by fear of appropriate penal or financial consequences from publishing defamatory statements which are false , it is likely that some of them would publish so much in the nature of defamatory allegations against public organisations , and the men and women who run those organisations , that the public , if there was no effective process for determining whether the charges were substantially true or not , might cease to be greatly concerned about the charges save for such amusement as the stories might provide .
if those who profit from the sale of descriptions of their investigations and speculations about matters of public interest are not restrained by fear of appropriate penal or financial consequences from publishing defamatory statements which are false , it is likely that some of them would publish so much in the nature of defamatory allegations against public organisations , and the men and women who run those organisations , that the public , if there was no effective process for determining whether the charges were substantially true or not , might [stop] to be greatly concerned about the charges save for such amusement as the stories might provide .

Will mankind , even under advanced capitalism , let alone any future more liberated society , ever cease to sing and dance ?
will mankind , even under advanced capitalism , let alone any future more liberated society , ever [stop] to sing and dance ?

Even within one region economic and social change was not uniform but a fugue in which old voices do not cease to sound when new voices enter .
even within one region economic and social change was not uniform but a fugue in which old voices do not [stop] to sound when new voices enter .

If the person indicates that he has nothing more to say the officer shall without delay cease to question him about that offence .
if the person indicates that he has nothing more to say the officer shall without delay [stop] to question him about that offence .

In 1814 , inspired by Herder 's Stimmen der Völker , Vuk produced a volume of Serbian national songs , in the preface to which he drew attention to the need for standardisation of the language , for ‘ no two people approve of each other 's ways and write alike , but also no single man writes consistently … so it will be without cease , until our learned men … can agree amongst themselves , and in cooperation write a Serbian grammar and a single dictionary ’ .
in 1814 , inspired by herder 's stimmen der völker , vuk produced a volume of serbian national songs , in the preface to which he drew attention to the need for standardisation of the language , for ‘ no two people approve of each other 's ways and write alike , but also no single man writes consistently … so it will be without [stop] , until our learned men … can agree amongst themselves , and in cooperation write a serbian grammar and a single dictionary ’ .

It has been reckoned as such in the past , and if the landowners cease to discharge these functions , the time will come to reconsider the conditions under which land is held in this country .
it has been reckoned as such in the past , and if the landowners [stop] to discharge these functions , the time will come to reconsider the conditions under which land is held in this country .

Prosecution of children aged 10 and under 14 was to cease , though this has never been implemented .
prosecution of children aged 10 and under 14 was to [stop] , though this has never been implemented .

For all claimants , not just lone parents , income support will cease to be payable to those employed for more than sixteen hours per week , and family credit will become payable instead .
for all claimants , not just lone parents , income support will [stop] to be payable to those employed for more than sixteen hours per week , and family credit will become payable instead .

The Annual Social Tea Meetings from 1889 were attended by fewer people and records cease in 1897 .
the annual social tea meetings from 1889 were attended by fewer people and records [stop] in 1897 .

The Annual Social Tea Meetings from 1889 were attended by fewer people and records cease in 1897 .
the annual social tea meetings from 1889 were attended by fewer people and records [stop] in 1897 .

After that there is no more and the accounts cease until January 1898 when they were balanced showing a credit of £2:12:7½ .
after that there is no more and the accounts [stop] until january 1898 when they were balanced showing a credit of £2:12:7½ .

Timber buildings may simply rot and collapse , and other features such as pits and ditches will silt up very rapidly once they cease to be maintained .
timber buildings may simply rot and collapse , and other features such as pits and ditches will silt up very rapidly once they [stop] to be maintained .

An dem Wars will not cease ,
an dem wars will not [stop] ,

An answer might be that a false belief that p is relevant in the required sense if , had the believer believed instead that – p , his belief that q would cease to have been justified .
an answer might be that a false belief that p is relevant in the required sense if , had the believer believed instead that – p , his belief that q would [stop] to have been justified .

Communication also suffers when people make false assumptions about shared schemata , and it is then that they cease to ‘ be clear ’ .
communication also suffers when people make false assumptions about shared schemata , and it is then that they [stop] to ‘ be clear ’ .

We would assume that the discussion , in such a case , would cease to be a discussion which appealed to primarily linguistic evidence in this piece of discourse .
we would assume that the discussion , in such a case , would [stop] to be a discussion which appealed to primarily linguistic evidence in this piece of discourse .

For the next few years they stay in these fresh waters but even at this stage in their lives , their wanderings do not cease .
for the next few years they stay in these fresh waters but even at this stage in their lives , their wanderings do not [stop] .

Problems did not cease either with production of the second script .
problems did not [stop] either with production of the second script .

‘ Cease firing .
‘ [stop] firing .

All units cease firing .
all units [stop] firing .

Only to cease as abruptly as it had begun .
only to [stop] as abruptly as it had begun .

The memory of that gesture would never cease to haunt him .
the memory of that gesture would never [stop] to haunt him .

Your task may cease to be a search task at all .
your task may [stop] to be a search task at all .

The responsibility and duties of the family proceedings court cease on the making of the care order , subject to the provisions of section 34 which make provision for contact orders being made by the court .
the responsibility and duties of the family proceedings court [stop] on the making of the care order , subject to the provisions of section 34 which make provision for contact orders being made by the court .

Since , in the view of the Board , there was no general obligation in the contract to disclose to the plaintiff Mr. Perot 's interest in Vertigo , the only question is whether , when the defendants became aware of Mr. Perot 's interest in both properties , they came under some other duty to take some step to resolve the difficulty or cease to act .
since , in the view of the board , there was no general obligation in the contract to disclose to the plaintiff mr. perot 's interest in vertigo , the only question is whether , when the defendants became aware of mr. perot 's interest in both properties , they came under some other duty to take some step to resolve the difficulty or [stop] to act .

Having come to the conclusion that the tenant is entitled to the protection of section 3 , the next question is , when does that protection cease ?
having come to the conclusion that the tenant is entitled to the protection of section 3 , the next question is , when does that protection [stop] ?

‘ ( 4 ) Are the answers to questions ( 2 ) and ( 3 ) affected by the fact that the measure in question has been introduced with the object and effect of rendering a number of fishing vessels which immediately prior to the date of such measure coming into effect have been duly registered in and licensed to fish by the member state in question and which are to a substantial extent beneficially owned by nationals of another member state , resident and domiciled in that other member state , ineligible to fly the flag of the first member state with the result that they cease to be eligible to fish against the catch quotas allocated to the first member state under the Common Fisheries Policy unless ownership and management of the vessels are transferred to citizens of the first member state resident and domiciled therein in accordance with the provisions of the said measure ?
‘ ( 4 ) are the answers to questions ( 2 ) and ( 3 ) affected by the fact that the measure in question has been introduced with the object and effect of rendering a number of fishing vessels which immediately prior to the date of such measure coming into effect have been duly registered in and licensed to fish by the member state in question and which are to a substantial extent beneficially owned by nationals of another member state , resident and domiciled in that other member state , ineligible to fly the flag of the first member state with the result that they [stop] to be eligible to fish against the catch quotas allocated to the first member state under the common fisheries policy unless ownership and management of the vessels are transferred to citizens of the first member state resident and domiciled therein in accordance with the provisions of the said measure ?

‘ ( 4 ) Are the answers to questions ( 2 ) and ( 3 ) affected by the fact that the measure in question has been introduced with the object and effect of rendering a number of fishing vessels which immediately prior to the date of such measure coming into effect have been duly registered in and licensed to fish by the member state in question and which are to a substantial extent beneficially owned by nationals of another member state , resident and domiciled in that other member state , ineligible to fly the flag of the first member state with the result that they cease to be eligible to fish against the catch quotas allocated to the first member state under the Common Fisheries Policy unless ownership and management of the vessels are transferred to citizens of the first member state resident and domiciled therein in accordance with the provisions of the said measure ?
‘ ( 4 ) are the answers to questions ( 2 ) and ( 3 ) affected by the fact that the measure in question has been introduced with the object and effect of rendering a number of fishing vessels which immediately prior to the date of such measure coming into effect have been duly registered in and licensed to fish by the member state in question and which are to a substantial extent beneficially owned by nationals of another member state , resident and domiciled in that other member state , ineligible to fly the flag of the first member state with the result that they [stop] to be eligible to fish against the catch quotas allocated to the first member state under the common fisheries policy unless ownership and management of the vessels are transferred to citizens of the first member state resident and domiciled therein in accordance with the provisions of the said measure ?

If it shut the gate at night , the traffic would cease .
if it shut the gate at night , the traffic would [stop] .

But if he has had dealings with such moneys then those moneys were the business of the plaintiffs as well as the business of Mr. Tully and he can not fairly tell the plaintiffs to cease to bother him about those moneys .
but if he has had dealings with such moneys then those moneys were the business of the plaintiffs as well as the business of mr. tully and he can not fairly tell the plaintiffs to [stop] to bother him about those moneys .

Where the court is satisfied , on the application of the official receiver , that the bankrupt has failed to comply with any of his obligations under the Act , it can order that time shall cease to run for as long as or subject to such conditions as it thinks fit ( s 279(3) ) .
where the court is satisfied , on the application of the official receiver , that the bankrupt has failed to comply with any of his obligations under the act , it can order that time shall [stop] to run for as long as or subject to such conditions as it thinks fit ( s 279(3) ) .

It is commonly found that there is an interval of about six months between , firstly , the family member getting into recovery from his or her own `` family disease `` and learning to practise `` tough love `` and cease `` enabling `` the disease to continue by covering up its consequences and , secondly , the primary sufferer coming to seek recovery .
it is commonly found that there is an interval of about six months between , firstly , the family member getting into recovery from his or her own `` family disease `` and learning to practise `` tough love `` and [stop] `` enabling `` the disease to continue by covering up its consequences and , secondly , the primary sufferer coming to seek recovery .

( 3 ) Unless a licence is transferred to another employee or agent within eight weeks from the time when the employee or agent named in a licence ceases to be responsible for the day to day running of the premises to which the licence relates , the licence shall cease to have effect .
( 3 ) unless a licence is transferred to another employee or agent within eight weeks from the time when the employee or agent named in a licence ceases to be responsible for the day to day running of the premises to which the licence relates , the licence shall [stop] to have effect .

( 7 ) The period of the suspension of a licence under this section shall be a fixed period not exceeding one year or the unexpired portion of the duration of the licence , whichever is the less , and the effect of the suspension is that the licence shall cease to have effect during the period of the suspension .
( 7 ) the period of the suspension of a licence under this section shall be a fixed period not exceeding one year or the unexpired portion of the duration of the licence , whichever is the less , and the effect of the suspension is that the licence shall [stop] to have effect during the period of the suspension .

( 1 ) Where a licensing board considers that licensed premises are no longer suitable or convenient for the sale of alcoholic liquor , having regard to their character and condition , and the nature and extent of the use of the premises , the board may decide to hold a hearing with a view to making a closure order under this section , and the effect of a closure order is that the licence held in respect of the premises shall cease to have effect while the closure order is in force .
( 1 ) where a licensing board considers that licensed premises are no longer suitable or convenient for the sale of alcoholic liquor , having regard to their character and condition , and the nature and extent of the use of the premises , the board may decide to hold a hearing with a view to making a closure order under this section , and the effect of a closure order is that the licence held in respect of the premises shall [stop] to have effect while the closure order is in force .

( 5 ) This section shall cease to apply to any premises on such day as may be specified in the notice , if the holder of the licence or the club , as the case may be , gives notice of the disapplication of the section from the premises in accordance with subsection ) below : Provided that this section shall cease to apply to premises for which a public house or a hotel licence is held , or to the premises of a club , at any time on the licensing board ceasing to be satisfied as mentioned in the proviso to subsection ( 1 ) above .
( 5 ) this section shall [stop] to apply to any premises on such day as may be specified in the notice , if the holder of the licence or the club , as the case may be , gives notice of the disapplication of the section from the premises in accordance with subsection ) below : provided that this section shall [stop] to apply to premises for which a public house or a hotel licence is held , or to the premises of a club , at any time on the licensing board ceasing to be satisfied as mentioned in the proviso to subsection ( 1 ) above .

( 5 ) This section shall cease to apply to any premises on such day as may be specified in the notice if the holder of the licence or the club , as the case may be , gives notice of the disapplication of the section from the premises in accordance with subsection ( 6 ) below : Provided that this section shall cease to apply to premises for which a public house or a hotel licence is held , or to the premises of a club , at any time on the licensing board ceasing to be satisfied as mentioned in the proviso to subsection ( 1 ) above .
( 5 ) this section shall [stop] to apply to any premises on such day as may be specified in the notice if the holder of the licence or the club , as the case may be , gives notice of the disapplication of the section from the premises in accordance with subsection ( 6 ) below : provided that this section shall [stop] to apply to premises for which a public house or a hotel licence is held , or to the premises of a club , at any time on the licensing board ceasing to be satisfied as mentioned in the proviso to subsection ( 1 ) above .

( 5 ) This section shall cease to apply to premises on such day as may be specified in the notice if the holder of the licence gives notice of the disapplication of the section from the premises in accordance with subsection ( 6 ) below : Provided that this section shall cease to apply to premises at any time on the licensing board ceasing to be satisfied as mentioned in paragraph ( i ) of the proviso to subsection ( 1 ) above .
( 5 ) this section shall [stop] to apply to premises on such day as may be specified in the notice if the holder of the licence gives notice of the disapplication of the section from the premises in accordance with subsection ( 6 ) below : provided that this section shall [stop] to apply to premises at any time on the licensing board ceasing to be satisfied as mentioned in paragraph ( i ) of the proviso to subsection ( 1 ) above .

He causes it to cease .
he causes it to [stop] .

In saying that the scientific/industrial paradigm is giving way and that something new is taking its place , we are not suggesting that economic activity will cease .
in saying that the scientific/industrial paradigm is giving way and that something new is taking its place , we are not suggesting that economic activity will [stop] .

Finally , they should be complex — meaning that they should be definite , with a full analytical description of why the particular ideology is appropriate , even specifying conditions under which it would cease to be appropriate .
finally , they should be complex — meaning that they should be definite , with a full analytical description of why the particular ideology is appropriate , even specifying conditions under which it would [stop] to be appropriate .

James recognized that , while Laura 's shaping of the product range was crucial , it was up to him to design a corporate structure to support it ; otherwise the company could scarcely expand and might even cease operating altogether .
james recognized that , while laura 's shaping of the product range was crucial , it was up to him to design a corporate structure to support it ; otherwise the company could scarcely expand and might even [stop] operating altogether .

This decision , to cease teacher training at the Polytechnic while allowing it to continue at West Glamorgan seems to have been based on political rather than educational considerations .
this decision , to [stop] teacher training at the polytechnic while allowing it to continue at west glamorgan seems to have been based on political rather than educational considerations .

This conclusion is controversial ; a legal issue does not cease to be such simply because the term in question is open to a range of possible meanings .
this conclusion is controversial ; a legal issue does not [stop] to be such simply because the term in question is open to a range of possible meanings .

There are many forms of emission charges which may be used to provide economic incentives to polluters either to reduce or cease their pollution , including sales taxes on fuels or fuel ingredients : for example , Norway introduced fuel taxes in 1971 whereby a basic tax is levied on each unit of oil , together with an additional charge which increases for each 0.5 per cent of its sulphur content .
there are many forms of emission charges which may be used to provide economic incentives to polluters either to reduce or [stop] their pollution , including sales taxes on fuels or fuel ingredients : for example , norway introduced fuel taxes in 1971 whereby a basic tax is levied on each unit of oil , together with an additional charge which increases for each 0.5 per cent of its sulphur content .

Of course , with this strategy being market-oriented , it is possible that one firm could purchase more pollution permits than it needed , with the intention of keeping out competitors , and the market would cease to function .
of course , with this strategy being market-oriented , it is possible that one firm could purchase more pollution permits than it needed , with the intention of keeping out competitors , and the market would [stop] to function .

Will it never cease , thought Nuadu , this endless hungry taking of our people by the Black Ireland ?
will it never [stop] , thought nuadu , this endless hungry taking of our people by the black ireland ?

‘ They never cease , ’ said Caspar at her side .
‘ they never [stop] , ’ said caspar at her side .

‘ They must never cease , otherwise the Power they draw down will be broken .
‘ they must never [stop] , otherwise the power they draw down will be broken .

They seemed to stretch back into the hillside as if they might , at some stage , cease to become manmade buildings of stone and wood and brick and become ancient caves ; tunnels that would penetrate deep into the earth 's core .
they seemed to stretch back into the hillside as if they might , at some stage , [stop] to become manmade buildings of stone and wood and brick and become ancient caves ; tunnels that would penetrate deep into the earth 's core .

appointments on solely political grounds should cease .
appointments on solely political grounds should [stop] .

Without these functions the state would simply cease to exist .
without these functions the state would simply [stop] to exist .

Thus , ‘ good primary practice ’ must cease to be presented as an uncontentious absolute .
thus , ‘ good primary practice ’ must [stop] to be presented as an uncontentious absolute .

District health authorities should cease to have direct responsibility for managing the hospitals and units .
district health authorities should [stop] to have direct responsibility for managing the hospitals and units .

With their deaths , the Senjin Clan of the Altun would virtually cease to exist .
with their deaths , the senjin clan of the altun would virtually [stop] to exist .

‘ 'We shall not cease from exploration ’ ? ’
‘ 'we shall not [stop] from exploration ’ ? ’

The water , he concludes , would rush out into the Atlantic ; the coasts of England and France would totter , shift and reunite ; the Channel would cease to exist .
the water , he concludes , would rush out into the atlantic ; the coasts of england and france would totter , shift and reunite ; the channel would [stop] to exist .

The shoppers bustled , bells rang without cease ,
the shoppers bustled , bells rang without [stop] ,

From the academic year 1990/1 grants will be frozen , housing benefits for students will cease and top-up loans of up to £420 will be available to all students .
from the academic year 1990/1 grants will be frozen , housing benefits for students will [stop] and top-up loans of up to £420 will be available to all students .

This is an astonishing view of the world ; a perversely reversed megalomania ; an assertion that all forms of political and military life were brought into existence by the grand design of the Soviet Union so that if those designs suddenly cease to be hostile , then all that is solid in the West will melt .
this is an astonishing view of the world ; a perversely reversed megalomania ; an assertion that all forms of political and military life were brought into existence by the grand design of the soviet union so that if those designs suddenly [stop] to be hostile , then all that is solid in the west will melt .

As Domestic Rates will cease to exist in April 1990 , tenants who pay their rates in this way should ensure that their rent is reduced by the landlord to reflect this change .
as domestic rates will [stop] to exist in april 1990 , tenants who pay their rates in this way should ensure that their rent is reduced by the landlord to reflect this change .

Promotion may be unattractive if it means that you cease to use the skills you have and have to learn a new set , such as administration , or political manoeuvring .
promotion may be unattractive if it means that you [stop] to use the skills you have and have to learn a new set , such as administration , or political manoeuvring .

Nevertheless , he vowed that he would never cease to give Aethelred advice , and when Charlemagne was so enraged by the assassination of Aethelred in 796 that his Northumbrian gifts were recalled , threats of worse consequences were averted in Alcuin 's view only by his intercession .
nevertheless , he vowed that he would never [stop] to give aethelred advice , and when charlemagne was so enraged by the assassination of aethelred in 796 that his northumbrian gifts were recalled , threats of worse consequences were averted in alcuin 's view only by his intercession .

Over the cart was a white canopy bearing the inscription : ‘ In the name of the people and the Queen , mother of the country , the Salvation Army demand that iniquity shall cease .
over the cart was a white canopy bearing the inscription : ‘ in the name of the people and the queen , mother of the country , the salvation army demand that iniquity shall [stop] .

Or cease to care about them .
or [stop] to care about them .

Leaders are given their roles by their putative followers ; their ‘ authority ’ may technically be removed if their followers cease to acknowledge them .
leaders are given their roles by their putative followers ; their ‘ authority ’ may technically be removed if their followers [stop] to acknowledge them .

‘ Another man-witch , who was sentenced to the galleys for life , said that he had such a pity for the horses which the postillion galloped along the road that he did something to prevent it , which was that he took vervain and said over it the Pater Noster five times and the Ave Maria five times , and then put it on the road so that the horses should cease to run . ’
‘ another man-witch , who was sentenced to the galleys for life , said that he had such a pity for the horses which the postillion galloped along the road that he did something to prevent it , which was that he took vervain and said over it the pater noster five times and the ave maria five times , and then put it on the road so that the horses should [stop] to run . ’

If our oil revenues are used merely to pay the unemployed , who now cost an estimated £18,000 million each year , the burden to those in work will suddenly increase by this amount when the oil revenues cease .
if our oil revenues are used merely to pay the unemployed , who now cost an estimated £18,000 million each year , the burden to those in work will suddenly increase by this amount when the oil revenues [stop] .

Between rulers and ruled he perceives ‘ an irreconcilable contest … which will never cease till either prerogative and privilege be swallowed up in freedom or liberty itself be led captive by prerogative ’ .
between rulers and ruled he perceives ‘ an irreconcilable contest … which will never [stop] till either prerogative and privilege be swallowed up in freedom or liberty itself be led captive by prerogative ’ .

He returned to the practice in 1904 and did not cease until he lost office in 1915 .
he returned to the practice in 1904 and did not [stop] until he lost office in 1915 .

Once again , the transaction will not be complete until the transferee is entered on the company 's register as the holder of the shares ( and until then the transferor will not cease to be a member or the legal holder of the shares ) .
once again , the transaction will not be complete until the transferee is entered on the company 's register as the holder of the shares ( and until then the transferor will not [stop] to be a member or the legal holder of the shares ) .

As we have seen , only if and when the transfer is registered , will the transferor cease to be a member and shareholder and the transferee will become a member and shareholder .
as we have seen , only if and when the transfer is registered , will the transferor [stop] to be a member and shareholder and the transferee will become a member and shareholder .

Generally , however , this suits neither party ; the lender normally has no wish to become a member and shareholder of the company and the borrower does not want to cease to be one .
generally , however , this suits neither party ; the lender normally has no wish to become a member and shareholder of the company and the borrower does not want to [stop] to be one .

The argument for saying that there should be liability in such circumstances is that a constable does not cease to have certain general duties because he happens to be ‘ off duty ’ for the time being .
the argument for saying that there should be liability in such circumstances is that a constable does not [stop] to have certain general duties because he happens to be ‘ off duty ’ for the time being .

Fish should be prepared for their winter vigil by judicious feeding with ants ' eggs , dried flies or freeze-dried worms until the weather turns cold and they cease to be active .
fish should be prepared for their winter vigil by judicious feeding with ants ' eggs , dried flies or freeze-dried worms until the weather turns cold and they [stop] to be active .

… it is clear without some dialogue between man and the physical environment within a spatial context geography will cease to exist , as a discipline .
… it is clear without some dialogue between man and the physical environment within a spatial context geography will [stop] to exist , as a discipline .

Further , erosion does not cease above a nick point , so that the form above that point may not be the same as when the river was rejuvenated , especially if climatic change has occurred .
further , erosion does not [stop] above a nick point , so that the form above that point may not be the same as when the river was rejuvenated , especially if climatic change has occurred .

Neither can it be assumed that a wife who is denied sexual autonomy will cease cohabitation .
neither can it be assumed that a wife who is denied sexual autonomy will [stop] cohabitation .

It seems also to have been hoped that detailed and embarrassing cross-examination of the complainant as to whether penetration had actually taken place would cease to be necessary with a reform of this kind .
it seems also to have been hoped that detailed and embarrassing cross-examination of the complainant as to whether penetration had actually taken place would [stop] to be necessary with a reform of this kind .

Arthur had the foresight to cease brewing ale and concentrate on what mattered most , the perfection of his black porter and stout and the development of distribution networks throughout the British Isles and beyond .
arthur had the foresight to [stop] brewing ale and concentrate on what mattered most , the perfection of his black porter and stout and the development of distribution networks throughout the british isles and beyond .

The Timber Trade Federation has admitted that it is difficult to define and verify sustainability , and there are signs that several major retailers are planning to cease making such claims .
the timber trade federation has admitted that it is difficult to define and verify sustainability , and there are signs that several major retailers are planning to [stop] making such claims .

Toyohiko Shimada , a ministry official , said that a decision to cease imports may be reversed if international research proved that turtle stocks were adequate for commercial trading .
toyohiko shimada , a ministry official , said that a decision to [stop] imports may be reversed if international research proved that turtle stocks were adequate for commercial trading .

Britain is committed to cease marine dumping of sewage within eight years and must at least quadruple its facility for incineration in order to meet this obligation .
britain is committed to [stop] marine dumping of sewage within eight years and must at least quadruple its facility for incineration in order to meet this obligation .

( 3 ) The announcement must specify in what circumstances any irrevocable undertakings will cease to be binding ( eg on receipt of a higher offer ) .
( 3 ) the announcement must specify in what circumstances any irrevocable undertakings will [stop] to be binding ( eg on receipt of a higher offer ) .

5.4 If any of the circumstances specified in clauses 5.1 , 5.2 and 5.3 or if the Tenant fails to comply with [ its ] obligations under clause 6.5 then and in any such case this agreement shall ( save for clauses 3.8 and 5.5 and without prejudice to any pre-existing right of action of either party in respect of any breach by the other of [ its ] obligations under this agreement ) immediately determine and cease to have effect and neither party shall be under any further liability to the other under this agreement
5.4 if any of the circumstances specified in clauses 5.1 , 5.2 and 5.3 or if the tenant fails to comply with [ its ] obligations under clause 6.5 then and in any such case this agreement shall ( save for clauses 3.8 and 5.5 and without prejudice to any pre-existing right of action of either party in respect of any breach by the other of [ its ] obligations under this agreement ) immediately determine and [stop] to have effect and neither party shall be under any further liability to the other under this agreement

In the event of substantial damage to or destruction of the Site or the Premises or any part of the Site or the Premises however occasioned either party hereto may determine this agreement forthwith by serving notice to that effect on the other party and in such case this agreement shall ( without prejudice to any pre-existing right of action of either party in respect of any breach by the other of its obligations under this agreement ) immediately determine and cease to have effect and neither party shall be under any further liability to the other under this agreement and any dispute or difference between the parties as to what constitutes substantial damage or destruction for the purpose of this clause shall be decided by an independent Surveyor who shall act as an expert and who shall be appointed by the President for the time being of the Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors upon the application of either party
in the event of substantial damage to or destruction of the site or the premises or any part of the site or the premises however occasioned either party hereto may determine this agreement forthwith by serving notice to that effect on the other party and in such case this agreement shall ( without prejudice to any pre-existing right of action of either party in respect of any breach by the other of its obligations under this agreement ) immediately determine and [stop] to have effect and neither party shall be under any further liability to the other under this agreement and any dispute or difference between the parties as to what constitutes substantial damage or destruction for the purpose of this clause shall be decided by an independent surveyor who shall act as an expert and who shall be appointed by the president for the time being of the royal institution of chartered surveyors upon the application of either party

2.9 " Interest " means interest during the period from the date on which the payment is due to the date of payment both before and after any judgment at the Interest Rate then prevailing or should the base rate referred to in clause 1.8 cease to exist such other rate of interest as is most closely comparable with the Interest Rate to be agreed between the parties or in default of agreement to be determined by the Accountant acting as an expert and not as an arbitrator
2.9 " interest " means interest during the period from the date on which the payment is due to the date of payment both before and after any judgment at the interest rate then prevailing or should the base rate referred to in clause 1.8 [stop] to exist such other rate of interest as is most closely comparable with the interest rate to be agreed between the parties or in default of agreement to be determined by the accountant acting as an expert and not as an arbitrator

7.5.2 When the circumstances contemplated in clause 7.5.1 arise the Rent [ and Service Charge ] or a fair proportion of the Rent [ and Service Charge ] according to the nature and the extent of the damage sustained shall cease to be payable until the Premises or the Retained Parts or the damaged parts of either of them shall have been rebuilt or reinstated so that the Premises or the affected part are made fit for occupation or use [ or until the expiration of [ 3 ] years from the destruction or damage whichever period is the shorter ] [ ( the amount of such proportion and the period during which the Rent [ and Service Charge ] shall cease to be payable to be determined by the Surveyor acting as an expert and not as an arbitrator ) or ( any dispute as to such proportion or the period during which the Rent [ and Service Charge ] shall cease to be payable to be determined in accordance with the Arbitration Acts 1950 to 1979 by an arbitrator to be appointed by agreement between the parties or in default by the President for the time being of the Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors upon the application of either party ) ] This provision should always be amended to include reference not only to the premises but also to the building of which the premises form part in the event that the premises do not stand alone .
7.5.2 when the circumstances contemplated in clause 7.5.1 arise the rent [ and service charge ] or a fair proportion of the rent [ and service charge ] according to the nature and the extent of the damage sustained shall [stop] to be payable until the premises or the retained parts or the damaged parts of either of them shall have been rebuilt or reinstated so that the premises or the affected part are made fit for occupation or use [ or until the expiration of [ 3 ] years from the destruction or damage whichever period is the shorter ] [ ( the amount of such proportion and the period during which the rent [ and service charge ] shall [stop] to be payable to be determined by the surveyor acting as an expert and not as an arbitrator ) or ( any dispute as to such proportion or the period during which the rent [ and service charge ] shall [stop] to be payable to be determined in accordance with the arbitration acts 1950 to 1979 by an arbitrator to be appointed by agreement between the parties or in default by the president for the time being of the royal institution of chartered surveyors upon the application of either party ) ] this provision should always be amended to include reference not only to the premises but also to the building of which the premises form part in the event that the premises do not stand alone .

7.5.2 When the circumstances contemplated in clause 7.5.1 arise the rents or a fair proportion of the rents according to the nature and the extent of the damage sustained shall cease to be payable until the date which falls 3 months after the date when the Premises with essential accesses and services are again rendered fit for occupation and use and a due proportion of the rents paid in advance shall be refunded to the Tenant any dispute as to such proportion or the period during which the rents shall cease to be payable to be determined in accordance with the Arbitration Acts 1950 to 1979 by an arbitrator to be appointed by agreement between the parties or in default by the President for the time being of the Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors upon the application of either party
7.5.2 when the circumstances contemplated in clause 7.5.1 arise the rents or a fair proportion of the rents according to the nature and the extent of the damage sustained shall [stop] to be payable until the date which falls 3 months after the date when the premises with essential accesses and services are again rendered fit for occupation and use and a due proportion of the rents paid in advance shall be refunded to the tenant any dispute as to such proportion or the period during which the rents shall [stop] to be payable to be determined in accordance with the arbitration acts 1950 to 1979 by an arbitrator to be appointed by agreement between the parties or in default by the president for the time being of the royal institution of chartered surveyors upon the application of either party

7.6.6.1 the Term will absolutely cease but without prejudice to any rights or remedies that may have accrued to either party against the other including ( without prejudice to the generality of the above ) any right that the Tenant might have against the Landlord for a breach of the Landlord 's covenants set out in clauses 7.6.1 and 7.6.2
7.6.6.1 the term will absolutely [stop] but without prejudice to any rights or remedies that may have accrued to either party against the other including ( without prejudice to the generality of the above ) any right that the tenant might have against the landlord for a breach of the landlord 's covenants set out in clauses 7.6.1 and 7.6.2

The tenant may wish to dispense with 7.6.3 , 7.6.4 , 7.6.5 and 7.6.6 and add the following proviso to 7.6.2 : If for any reason the premises and all other relevant parts of the centre sufficient for the Tenant [ or any undertenant ] to carry on its [ or their ] normal trade and business including the means of access to the Premises and all essential services therein and thereto shall not be reinstated in accordance with the provisions of this clause as they were at the date of the relevant destruction or damage by the second anniversary of the date of the destruction or damage the Tenant may thereafter determine the Term by giving not less than one month 's notice to the Landlord and upon expiry of such notice the Term shall cease but without prejudice to the claim of either party for any earlier breach of covenant by the other This will doubtless be resisted by the landlord who will wish to have the unilateral right to terminate .
the tenant may wish to dispense with 7.6.3 , 7.6.4 , 7.6.5 and 7.6.6 and add the following proviso to 7.6.2 : if for any reason the premises and all other relevant parts of the centre sufficient for the tenant [ or any undertenant ] to carry on its [ or their ] normal trade and business including the means of access to the premises and all essential services therein and thereto shall not be reinstated in accordance with the provisions of this clause as they were at the date of the relevant destruction or damage by the second anniversary of the date of the destruction or damage the tenant may thereafter determine the term by giving not less than one month 's notice to the landlord and upon expiry of such notice the term shall [stop] but without prejudice to the claim of either party for any earlier breach of covenant by the other this will doubtless be resisted by the landlord who will wish to have the unilateral right to terminate .

9.1.6 the Tenant has any distress or execution levied on [ its ] goods the Landlord may re-enter the Premises ( or any part of them in the name of the whole ) at any time ( and even if any previous right of re-entry has been waived ) and then the Term will absolutely cease but without prejudice to any rights or remedies which may have accrued to the Landlord against the Tenant or the Guarantor [ or to the Tenant against the Landlord ] in respect of any breach of covenant or other term of this Lease ( including the breach in respect of which the re-entry is made ) All leases will , or should , contain a forfeiture provision which is usually in the form of a proviso reserving to the landlord a right of re-entry in the event of non-payment of rent , breach of covenant or circumstances resulting in , or likely to give rise to , the probability of the tenant being unable to perform its obligations under the lease , eg bankruptcy or liquidation .
9.1.6 the tenant has any distress or execution levied on [ its ] goods the landlord may re-enter the premises ( or any part of them in the name of the whole ) at any time ( and even if any previous right of re-entry has been waived ) and then the term will absolutely [stop] but without prejudice to any rights or remedies which may have accrued to the landlord against the tenant or the guarantor [ or to the tenant against the landlord ] in respect of any breach of covenant or other term of this lease ( including the breach in respect of which the re-entry is made ) all leases will , or should , contain a forfeiture provision which is usually in the form of a proviso reserving to the landlord a right of re-entry in the event of non-payment of rent , breach of covenant or circumstances resulting in , or likely to give rise to , the probability of the tenant being unable to perform its obligations under the lease , eg bankruptcy or liquidation .

Even if the original tenant is forced to join a guarantor , it may be advisable for the guarantor 's covenant to be amended to provide for the guarantor 's liability to cease on an assignment by the tenant .
even if the original tenant is forced to join a guarantor , it may be advisable for the guarantor 's covenant to be amended to provide for the guarantor 's liability to [stop] on an assignment by the tenant .

( b ) On termination by the Buyer in accordance with clause ( a ) the following provisions shall have effect : ( i ) all sums payable by the Buyer under the contract cease to be payable ; ( ii ) the Seller must repay to the Buyer all sums paid by the Buyer prior to termination ; and ( iii ) the Buyer is entitled to recover damages from the Seller in respect of any losses caused to the Buyer as a result of the Seller 's failure to make delivery or as a result of the termination of the contract .
( b ) on termination by the buyer in accordance with clause ( a ) the following provisions shall have effect : ( i ) all sums payable by the buyer under the contract [stop] to be payable ; ( ii ) the seller must repay to the buyer all sums paid by the buyer prior to termination ; and ( iii ) the buyer is entitled to recover damages from the seller in respect of any losses caused to the buyer as a result of the seller 's failure to make delivery or as a result of the termination of the contract .

The judge found that the substance of the post-termination commission clause was that in the event of termination following a prescribed period of service , commission would be paid to the plaintiff in respect of premiums actually paid under the relevant policies issued during his appointment but that it was subject to the proviso that the agent 's entitlement to such commission would cease if he entered into competing activities .
the judge found that the substance of the post-termination commission clause was that in the event of termination following a prescribed period of service , commission would be paid to the plaintiff in respect of premiums actually paid under the relevant policies issued during his appointment but that it was subject to the proviso that the agent 's entitlement to such commission would [stop] if he entered into competing activities .

When it is passed on , the Client Money Regulations will cease to apply , although before passing the money on the firm must : ( a ) notify the exchange or clearing house that the firm is obliged to segregate clients ' money in a margined transaction bank account ; ( b ) instruct the exchange or clearing house to credit the margin into the firm 's client transaction account ( and not to its office account ) ; and ( c ) require an acknowledgement that the client transaction account may not be combined with any other account and that no right of set off may be exercised .
when it is passed on , the client money regulations will [stop] to apply , although before passing the money on the firm must : ( a ) notify the exchange or clearing house that the firm is obliged to segregate clients ' money in a margined transaction bank account ; ( b ) instruct the exchange or clearing house to credit the margin into the firm 's client transaction account ( and not to its office account ) ; and ( c ) require an acknowledgement that the client transaction account may not be combined with any other account and that no right of set off may be exercised .

Once the settlor has put the property into the settlement the general rule is that it will cease to be his for all tax purposes .
once the settlor has put the property into the settlement the general rule is that it will [stop] to be his for all tax purposes .

Thus , any income arising in the settlement prior to the claim would be assessed on the settlor and any income arising after the claim would cease to be taxed upon the settlor as he would then cease to have the right to receive any benefit from the settlement .
thus , any income arising in the settlement prior to the claim would be assessed on the settlor and any income arising after the claim would [stop] to be taxed upon the settlor as he would then [stop] to have the right to receive any benefit from the settlement .

Note it is important in that case that not only the settlor but the spouse of the settlor was not domiciled in the United Kingdom at the time of the last to die otherwise the property would not be in an excluded property settlement — see s80 ( 1 ) which refers to the last of the spouse or the settlor to cease to be beneficially entitled to an interest in possession .
note it is important in that case that not only the settlor but the spouse of the settlor was not domiciled in the united kingdom at the time of the last to die otherwise the property would not be in an excluded property settlement — see s80 ( 1 ) which refers to the last of the spouse or the settlor to [stop] to be beneficially entitled to an interest in possession .

For instance , in Shearson Lehman v Maclaine Watson it was held that even if the exchange had no power in its rules to suspend dealings on the tin market , such a rule should be implied , since it would be self-defeating if the exchange 's power to carry on business did not include , in certain circumstances , a power to cease part of that business .
for instance , in shearson lehman v maclaine watson it was held that even if the exchange had no power in its rules to suspend dealings on the tin market , such a rule should be implied , since it would be self-defeating if the exchange 's power to carry on business did not include , in certain circumstances , a power to [stop] part of that business .

If there is only one adult resident , a discount of 25 per cent can be claimed ( s79 ) ; it is important therefore that if husband and wife cease to live together each of them should notify the local authority that separation has taken place so as to end joint liability and for the remaining resident spouse to claim the discount ( if applicable ) .
if there is only one adult resident , a discount of 25 per cent can be claimed ( s79 ) ; it is important therefore that if husband and wife [stop] to live together each of them should notify the local authority that separation has taken place so as to end joint liability and for the remaining resident spouse to claim the discount ( if applicable ) .

She was tired , emotionally and physically tired , and the champagne made her cease to worry about whether she was right to allow the Burgermeister to cosset her with flowers and champagne .
she was tired , emotionally and physically tired , and the champagne made her [stop] to worry about whether she was right to allow the burgermeister to cosset her with flowers and champagne .

She only hoped the affair had n't gone too far for those things to cease to matter .
she only hoped the affair had n't gone too far for those things to [stop] to matter .

The Council 's longstanding interest in the Scottish Steel Industry was given a higher priority by the decision of British Steel to close the hot strip mill at Ravenscraig in early 1991 and the indications were that the rest of Ravenscraig would cease operations in 1994 .
the council 's longstanding interest in the scottish steel industry was given a higher priority by the decision of british steel to close the hot strip mill at ravenscraig in early 1991 and the indications were that the rest of ravenscraig would [stop] operations in 1994 .

Sounding taken aback , he said , ‘ You never cease to amaze me .
sounding taken aback , he said , ‘ you never [stop] to amaze me .

But surely one day the memories would cease to hurt ?
but surely one day the memories would [stop] to hurt ?

In 1997 , the Ordnance Survey will cease to produce its large scale mapping in analogue form , and will move to wholly digitised output .
in 1997 , the ordnance survey will [stop] to produce its large scale mapping in analogue form , and will move to wholly digitised output .

It is possible that this funding may cease after 1997 , but as Manchester Computing Centre has been designated a national datasets centre , the expertise to support the data should remain there .
it is possible that this funding may [stop] after 1997 , but as manchester computing centre has been designated a national datasets centre , the expertise to support the data should remain there .

But how were such clans organised ? How did they operate ? At what point did they cease to represent family groups and turn into a coherent social group , a local bourgeoisie , or even ( as perhaps in the case of Protestant and Jewish bankers ) a more widespread network , of which family alliances form merely one aspect ? We can not answer such questions as yet .
but how were such clans organised ? how did they operate ? at what point did they [stop] to represent family groups and turn into a coherent social group , a local bourgeoisie , or even ( as perhaps in the case of protestant and jewish bankers ) a more widespread network , of which family alliances form merely one aspect ? we can not answer such questions as yet .

Only in the region of full employment would such a pattern of response cease to be operative .
only in the region of full employment would such a pattern of response [stop] to be operative .

Provided that the action does not cease under sub s ( 2 ) of s 138 ( that is , the lessee has not paid into court ( sic ) not less than five clear days before the return day all the rent in arrear and the costs of the action ) then , if the court is satisfied that the lessor is entitled to enforce the right of re-entry or forfeiture for non-payment of rent , it shall order possession to be given not less than four weeks from the date of the order unless within that period the lessee pays into court ( sic ) all arrears and costs ( s 138 ( 3 ) ) .
provided that the action does not [stop] under sub s ( 2 ) of s 138 ( that is , the lessee has not paid into court ( sic ) not less than five clear days before the return day all the rent in arrear and the costs of the action ) then , if the court is satisfied that the lessor is entitled to enforce the right of re-entry or forfeiture for non-payment of rent , it shall order possession to be given not less than four weeks from the date of the order unless within that period the lessee pays into court ( sic ) all arrears and costs ( s 138 ( 3 ) ) .

There is an assumption that at some stage the child will marry and that he will either cease to contribute or that his contributions on marriage will be greatly reduced , and therefore it is usual to apply a low multiplier in cases of this kind .
there is an assumption that at some stage the child will marry and that he will either [stop] to contribute or that his contributions on marriage will be greatly reduced , and therefore it is usual to apply a low multiplier in cases of this kind .

Recognition , which once granted will remain in force for three years , will automatically cease upon liquidation or the making of an administration order under the Insolvency Act 1986 and may be withdrawn by the Council in the event that it is subsequently discovered that it was obtained as a result of any error or fraud .
recognition , which once granted will remain in force for three years , will automatically [stop] upon liquidation or the making of an administration order under the insolvency act 1986 and may be withdrawn by the council in the event that it is subsequently discovered that it was obtained as a result of any error or fraud .

The previous chapter covered the circumstances in which partners cease to be members of their firms .
the previous chapter covered the circumstances in which partners [stop] to be members of their firms .

If this trend continues , the details of the applications may cease to matter .
if this trend continues , the details of the applications may [stop] to matter .

Clearly , if the demised property ceases to be used for trading , the landlord 's income will drop or possibly cease .
clearly , if the demised property ceases to be used for trading , the landlord 's income will drop or possibly [stop] .

As trading losses can be carried forward only against profits of the same trade , they will cease to be available for carry-forward if the trade is discontinued .
as trading losses can be carried forward only against profits of the same trade , they will [stop] to be available for carry-forward if the trade is discontinued .

Care is needed to ensure that at the time the group dividend is paid : ( a ) no `` arrangements `` or `` option arrangements `` exist whereby the parent company could cease to be beneficially entitled to more than 50 % of both profits for distribution and assets on a winding up available to `` equity holders `` of Target ( see Sch 18 Taxes Act ) ; and ( b ) Target is beneficially owned by its parent when the dividend is declared and paid .
care is needed to ensure that at the time the group dividend is paid : ( a ) no `` arrangements `` or `` option arrangements `` exist whereby the parent company could [stop] to be beneficially entitled to more than 50 % of both profits for distribution and assets on a winding up available to `` equity holders `` of target ( see sch 18 taxes act ) ; and ( b ) target is beneficially owned by its parent when the dividend is declared and paid .

For stamp duty purposes , it is often not possible to hive down the business to Target before `` arrangements `` come into existence within the meaning of s27 ( 3 ) Finance Act 1967 whereby the transferor and Target will cease to be associated by virtue of a reduction of the transferor 's holding of shares in Target .
for stamp duty purposes , it is often not possible to hive down the business to target before `` arrangements `` come into existence within the meaning of s27 ( 3 ) finance act 1967 whereby the transferor and target will [stop] to be associated by virtue of a reduction of the transferor 's holding of shares in target .

Against the possibility that the acquiring member fails to extend the offer , the following remedy can be provided for : If the Acquiring Member shall fail to serve a notice or make an offer in accordance with Article … ( or , if and to the extent that the offer is accepted , the Acquiring Member shall fail to complete the purchase of any shares pursuant to the offer ) he ( and any member with whom he is acting in concert as provided in Article … ) shall cease to have any rights to vote or to dividends in respect of all the shares held by him and the Directors may where relevant refuse to register the transfer of the shares acquired by the Acquiring Member which give rise to the obligations under Article … and may require the Acquiring Member to serve a Transfer Notice in respect of all or any of the shares held by him .
against the possibility that the acquiring member fails to extend the offer , the following remedy can be provided for : if the acquiring member shall fail to serve a notice or make an offer in accordance with article … ( or , if and to the extent that the offer is accepted , the acquiring member shall fail to complete the purchase of any shares pursuant to the offer ) he ( and any member with whom he is acting in concert as provided in article … ) shall [stop] to have any rights to vote or to dividends in respect of all the shares held by him and the directors may where relevant refuse to register the transfer of the shares acquired by the acquiring member which give rise to the obligations under article … and may require the acquiring member to serve a transfer notice in respect of all or any of the shares held by him .

The ruling requires that driftnet fishing be reduced by half by July this year , and cease altogether by December .
the ruling requires that driftnet fishing be reduced by half by july this year , and [stop] altogether by december .

The federal environment ministry opposes such developments , but can not intervene without the support of the state government , and fears that the park may effectively cease to exist .
the federal environment ministry opposes such developments , but can not intervene without the support of the state government , and fears that the park may effectively [stop] to exist .

Although parliamentary government did not cease to work , it no longer appeared to be working in the way that it had in the past .
although parliamentary government did not [stop] to work , it no longer appeared to be working in the way that it had in the past .

More generally , if living things did n't work actively to prevent it , they would eventually merge into their surroundings , and cease to exist as autonomous beings .
more generally , if living things did n't work actively to prevent it , they would eventually merge into their surroundings , and [stop] to exist as autonomous beings .

When made with the addition of stock they Jose all character and cease to be what they were intended to be .
when made with the addition of stock they jose all character and [stop] to be what they were intended to be .

We cease to register the full meaning .
we [stop] to register the full meaning .

For example , although they may initially over-extend a word like dog to a variety of different four-legged mammals , they cease to apply it to any part of the domain newly taken over with the acquisition of a new word .
for example , although they may initially over-extend a word like dog to a variety of different four-legged mammals , they [stop] to apply it to any part of the domain newly taken over with the acquisition of a new word .

By contrast , empirical tentativity need not pursue objectives beyond the point where they cease to produce their expected social benefit .
by contrast , empirical tentativity need not pursue objectives beyond the point where they [stop] to produce their expected social benefit .

The Soviet Union has the major overt commitment , to remove its troops from Afghanistan , while the United States ' role is to respect this withdrawal and to cease covert assistance to the Afghan resistance .
the soviet union has the major overt commitment , to remove its troops from afghanistan , while the united states ' role is to respect this withdrawal and to [stop] covert assistance to the afghan resistance .

‘ You Americans never cease to amaze me .
‘ you americans never [stop] to amaze me .

The psychogenic component of erection , originating in the forebrain , will cease to function .
the psychogenic component of erection , originating in the forebrain , will [stop] to function .

On the foregoing conditions the Goldsmiths ' Company will grant to the Corporation a lease of the School Buildings and Land connected therewith free of rent for 999 years , and will give them a perpetual endowment of £290 per annum in addition to the sum of £10 which they are bound to pay under the will of Sir Edmond Shaa ; but the Lease and the Endowment Grant shall contain clauses giving the Goldsmiths ' Company the right of re-entry in the one case and making the annuity to cease in the other on breach of any or either of the conditions above named . ``
on the foregoing conditions the goldsmiths ' company will grant to the corporation a lease of the school buildings and land connected therewith free of rent for 999 years , and will give them a perpetual endowment of £290 per annum in addition to the sum of £10 which they are bound to pay under the will of sir edmond shaa ; but the lease and the endowment grant shall contain clauses giving the goldsmiths ' company the right of re-entry in the one case and making the annuity to [stop] in the other on breach of any or either of the conditions above named . ``

" They that go down to the sea in ships and occupy their business in great waters ; these men see the works of the Lord and his wonders in the deep … so when they cry unto the Lord in their trouble He delivereth them out of this distress . For He maketh the storm to cease so that the waves thereof are still … "
" they that go down to the sea in ships and occupy their business in great waters ; these men see the works of the lord and his wonders in the deep … so when they cry unto the lord in their trouble he delivereth them out of this distress . for he maketh the storm to [stop] so that the waves thereof are still … "

The managers become a self-selecting body and cease to be effectively monitored by the shareholders once in office .
the managers become a self-selecting body and [stop] to be effectively monitored by the shareholders once in office .

Shortly afterwards , his decision to cease using the garden library as an exhibition centre on grounds of security was revoked ; last June thieves broke into this area and stole a thirteenth-century Arabic manuscript , a Qur'an , eleven miniature Chinese snuff bottles and other items .
shortly afterwards , his decision to [stop] using the garden library as an exhibition centre on grounds of security was revoked ; last june thieves broke into this area and stole a thirteenth-century arabic manuscript , a qur'an , eleven miniature chinese snuff bottles and other items .

For example , the pressures on nomadic and tribal peoples to adopt a more settled way of life are increasing , and it is probable that a number of these groups may either cease , or radically alter , their rug-making traditions in the foreseeable future .
for example , the pressures on nomadic and tribal peoples to adopt a more settled way of life are increasing , and it is probable that a number of these groups may either [stop] , or radically alter , their rug-making traditions in the foreseeable future .

If demand is at level , the industry becomes a natural duopoly ( and it will not cease being so until well after units of output are demanded ) .
if demand is at level , the industry becomes a natural duopoly ( and it will not [stop] being so until well after units of output are demanded ) .

Edward apparently intended the later grant to stand , and on 7July ordered Stanley and his servants to cease meddling in the offices granted to Gloucester .
edward apparently intended the later grant to stand , and on 7july ordered stanley and his servants to [stop] meddling in the offices granted to gloucester .

It seemed there was nothing he could do to persuade the child to cease her disobedience , nothing he could say which would frighten her sufficiently for her to come to her senses .
it seemed there was nothing he could do to persuade the child to [stop] her disobedience , nothing he could say which would frighten her sufficiently for her to come to her senses .

But they were well adapted to the insecure lives of poorer workers ; if due to unemployment or other crisis they had to cease contributions they could lose no more than one year 's contributions .
but they were well adapted to the insecure lives of poorer workers ; if due to unemployment or other crisis they had to [stop] contributions they could lose no more than one year 's contributions .

‘ Cease purchasing typewriters and in future buy word processors so that most corrections can be done on the screen . ’
‘ [stop] purchasing typewriters and in future buy word processors so that most corrections can be done on the screen . ’

Companies may cease to exist by effluxion of time , by appropriate resolution or by court order for dissolution of the company .
companies may [stop] to exist by effluxion of time , by appropriate resolution or by court order for dissolution of the company .

The amalgamation between two companies may take the form of merger proper ( when both companies cease to exist ) and the new company becomes the general successor in title of the two companies so merged , or it may take the form of a take-over when only the company so taken over ceases to exist .
the amalgamation between two companies may take the form of merger proper ( when both companies [stop] to exist ) and the new company becomes the general successor in title of the two companies so merged , or it may take the form of a take-over when only the company so taken over ceases to exist .

In the absence of classes of phones or phonemes valid for all members of a linguistic community , all oral communication would cease , for every individual could talk intelligibly only to himself , because he could meaningfully use , actively and passively , only one set of phones , namely his own .
in the absence of classes of phones or phonemes valid for all members of a linguistic community , all oral communication would [stop] , for every individual could talk intelligibly only to himself , because he could meaningfully use , actively and passively , only one set of phones , namely his own .

Science ultimately is self-contradictory precisely because , although it begins with a supposal about reality , it also depends upon a concrete reality ; and once scientists admit the necessarily hypothetical character of that knowledge , they cease to be scientists .
science ultimately is self-contradictory precisely because , although it begins with a supposal about reality , it also depends upon a concrete reality ; and once scientists admit the necessarily hypothetical character of that knowledge , they [stop] to be scientists .

At this stage , members of the group are still tolerant but are signalling , verbally and non-verbally , that the deviation must cease .
at this stage , members of the group are still tolerant but are signalling , verbally and non-verbally , that the deviation must [stop] .

So at what point did it cease to be so ?
so at what point did it [stop] to be so ?

If annulled it will simply cease being law .
if annulled it will simply [stop] being law .

As soon as the investigating officer believes that a prosecution should be brought and there is sufficient evidence for it to succeed , questioning should cease .
as soon as the investigating officer believes that a prosecution should be brought and there is sufficient evidence for it to succeed , questioning should [stop] .

Which did not cease to be full of visitors coming and going , eating and drinking .
which did not [stop] to be full of visitors coming and going , eating and drinking .

Either finance local services from central funds and cease to pretend that local autonomy exists , or increase the ability of local authorities to raise their own income .
either finance local services from central funds and [stop] to pretend that local autonomy exists , or increase the ability of local authorities to raise their own income .

As more people find themselves in the same position , men stop mocking each other for doing housework and mothers-in-law cease criticising their sons ' wives about going out to work .
as more people find themselves in the same position , men stop mocking each other for doing housework and mothers-in-law [stop] criticising their sons ' wives about going out to work .

Japan did not want war against Tsarist Russia but was determined to fight unless positive assurances were forthcoming that Russia would cease to meddle in Korean affairs .
japan did not want war against tsarist russia but was determined to fight unless positive assurances were forthcoming that russia would [stop] to meddle in korean affairs .

For the first time population could increase with a declining grain price and a less than commensurate food output , subsisting on grain imports paid for by manufactures ; ‘ It is one of the most striking ironies of intellectual history that Malthus should have fashioned his analysis just at the time when it was about to cease to be applicable to the country in which he lived ’ ( Wrigley 1986 ) .
for the first time population could increase with a declining grain price and a less than commensurate food output , subsisting on grain imports paid for by manufactures ; ‘ it is one of the most striking ironies of intellectual history that malthus should have fashioned his analysis just at the time when it was about to [stop] to be applicable to the country in which he lived ’ ( wrigley 1986 ) .

But the role of the state is limited or conditional , since the dominant class will cease using it if it can not manage their interests .
but the role of the state is limited or conditional , since the dominant class will [stop] using it if it can not manage their interests .

This level is influenced by two other factors : the number of new heroin users who emerge during this period ( annual incidence ) , and the number of users who cease to take heroin during this period ( annual outcidence ) .
this level is influenced by two other factors : the number of new heroin users who emerge during this period ( annual incidence ) , and the number of users who [stop] to take heroin during this period ( annual outcidence ) .

Only after the contract takes effect does the agent ( putatively ) ‘ cease to be a person ’ .
only after the contract takes effect does the agent ( putatively ) ‘ [stop] to be a person ’ .

Unlike Hegel 's slave , however , who loses his subjectivity to the Master , the ‘ slave ’ in porn must retain some subjectivity or she will cease being desirable to the master .
unlike hegel 's slave , however , who loses his subjectivity to the master , the ‘ slave ’ in porn must retain some subjectivity or she will [stop] being desirable to the master .

If sexual satisfaction is obtained , there will be some reduction in sexual over-valuation for a time , but where there is no sexual activity , then the over-valuation can increase , and the functions of the ego ideal cease to operate .
if sexual satisfaction is obtained , there will be some reduction in sexual over-valuation for a time , but where there is no sexual activity , then the over-valuation can increase , and the functions of the ego ideal [stop] to operate .

There can be oscillations of mood in some people , from mania , where the ego easily coincides with ego ideal and tensions cease , to melancholia , where the ego ideal is very strict and condemnatory towards ego , or part of ego — an introjected , lost loved object , for example .
there can be oscillations of mood in some people , from mania , where the ego easily coincides with ego ideal and tensions [stop] , to melancholia , where the ego ideal is very strict and condemnatory towards ego , or part of ego — an introjected , lost loved object , for example .

He was speaking at Sarajevo airport after Bosnian Serb commander General Ratko Mladic and Bosnian Croat commander General Milivoje Petkovic signed an agreement to cease fire throughout Bosnia on Tuesday .
he was speaking at sarajevo airport after bosnian serb commander general ratko mladic and bosnian croat commander general milivoje petkovic signed an agreement to [stop] fire throughout bosnia on tuesday .

It said : ‘ The council has written to a number of stores requesting undertakings that they cease trading in contravention of the Sunday trading provisions of the Shops Act .
it said : ‘ the council has written to a number of stores requesting undertakings that they [stop] trading in contravention of the sunday trading provisions of the shops act .

These include drilling exploration boreholes , sinking small test pits and carrying out geophysical and geochemical surveys provided that the operations do not last longer than twenty eight consecutive days , are not in environmentally sensitive areas , such as National Parks , and that the site is restored soon after operations cease .
these include drilling exploration boreholes , sinking small test pits and carrying out geophysical and geochemical surveys provided that the operations do not last longer than twenty eight consecutive days , are not in environmentally sensitive areas , such as national parks , and that the site is restored soon after operations [stop] .

Policyholder has leg amputated , the capital benefit under item 3 would be paid ( effective from the date of amputation ) but payment of the weekly benefit would cease .
policyholder has leg amputated , the capital benefit under item 3 would be paid ( effective from the date of amputation ) but payment of the weekly benefit would [stop] .

At the end of the 2nd year all benefit payments would cease as the contract has expired .
at the end of the 2nd year all benefit payments would [stop] as the contract has expired .

If , however , a constructive total loss is paid then the damaged vessel would become the Corporation 's property , if we so desire and policy cover would cease .
if , however , a constructive total loss is paid then the damaged vessel would become the corporation 's property , if we so desire and policy cover would [stop] .

Thank you for advising me that you intend to cease work on due to pregnancy .
thank you for advising me that you intend to [stop] work on due to pregnancy .

they cease to hold their employment with the Regional Council by reason of voluntary severance , or
they [stop] to hold their employment with the regional council by reason of voluntary severance , or

they cease to hold their employment with the Regional Council in the interests of the efficient exercise of the Council 's functions .
they [stop] to hold their employment with the regional council in the interests of the efficient exercise of the council 's functions .

Ultimately it should be possible to cease activities within the office on Poll Tax matters and leave the Sheriff Officers to collect monies due , although this may well be several years off .
ultimately it should be possible to [stop] activities within the office on poll tax matters and leave the sheriff officers to collect monies due , although this may well be several years off .

Hold thee from this forever ’ This curse will reverberate through the whole play and will not cease in wreaking havoc on the whole of Lear 's family until , with death as a result , ‘ The wheel is come full circle ’ .
hold thee from this forever ’ this curse will reverberate through the whole play and will not [stop] in wreaking havoc on the whole of lear 's family until , with death as a result , ‘ the wheel is come full circle ’ .

His anxiety could now cease .
his anxiety could now [stop] .

Administration and public affairs would cease to be the private business of bureaucrats .
administration and public affairs would [stop] to be the private business of bureaucrats .

They would cease to be a privileged stratum standing above the people .
they would [stop] to be a privileged stratum standing above the people .

The companies that were indigenized did not cease to be transnational , and did not cease to engage in transnational practices .
the companies that were indigenized did not [stop] to be transnational , and did not [stop] to engage in transnational practices .

Edward apparently intended the later grant to stand , and on 7July ordered Stanley and his servants to cease meddling in the offices granted to Gloucester .
edward apparently intended the later grant to stand , and on 7july ordered stanley and his servants to [stop] meddling in the offices granted to gloucester .

The expansion of Rome did not , however , cease at this point .
the expansion of rome did not , however , [stop] at this point .

Answer guide : The point being illustrated here is that although we have been told the finite life of the machine and we are aware of the reasons for the loss in utility we still have to make estimates of when the machine will cease to be useful .
answer guide : the point being illustrated here is that although we have been told the finite life of the machine and we are aware of the reasons for the loss in utility we still have to make estimates of when the machine will [stop] to be useful .

3 ) never cease .
3 ) never [stop] .

Should regular supply cease , the Warrant would be withdrawn .
should regular supply [stop] , the warrant would be withdrawn .

On chemical weapons , all the principal elements were agreed , the basic position being that sufficient of each country 's stock would be destroyed to leave 5,000 tonnes , production of new weapons would cease and they would join forces to try and secure a global ban on such weapons .
on chemical weapons , all the principal elements were agreed , the basic position being that sufficient of each country 's stock would be destroyed to leave 5,000 tonnes , production of new weapons would [stop] and they would join forces to try and secure a global ban on such weapons .

The editor of the left-wing magazine Towards 2000 went into hiding on April 12 following a police raid in his absence on his office and residence , and the magazine 's publishers , Hürriyet , announced they would cease publishing the magazine for fear of violating the new rules on censorship .
the editor of the left-wing magazine towards 2000 went into hiding on april 12 following a police raid in his absence on his office and residence , and the magazine 's publishers , hürriyet , announced they would [stop] publishing the magazine for fear of violating the new rules on censorship .

In a communiqué broadcast on Jan. 17 the leaders of the Medellín and Cali drug cartels , under their assumed name of the `` Extraditables `` , announced that they accepted the `` victory `` of the government of President Barco in the five month `` war `` waged between them [ see p. 36844 ; 36889-90 ; 37119 ] and would end their hostilities , release their hostages , cease drug shipments and surrender weapons and explosives , in return for constitutional and legal guarantees which would respect their rights and allow them to return to their families and communities .
in a communiqué broadcast on jan. 17 the leaders of the medellín and cali drug cartels , under their assumed name of the `` extraditables `` , announced that they accepted the `` victory `` of the government of president barco in the five month `` war `` waged between them [ see p. 36844 ; 36889-90 ; 37119 ] and would end their hostilities , release their hostages , [stop] drug shipments and surrender weapons and explosives , in return for constitutional and legal guarantees which would respect their rights and allow them to return to their families and communities .

Addressing the seminar on Jan. 17 , the head of the arms control directorate of the Soviet armed forces general staff , Gen. Nikolai Chervov , predicted that the Warsaw Pact would eventually become a `` purely political alliance `` and that its supreme body , the Political Consultative Committee , would probably cease to exist .
addressing the seminar on jan. 17 , the head of the arms control directorate of the soviet armed forces general staff , gen. nikolai chervov , predicted that the warsaw pact would eventually become a `` purely political alliance `` and that its supreme body , the political consultative committee , would probably [stop] to exist .

It also called on the guerrillas in El Salvador to cease hostilities and to begin peace talks .
it also called on the guerrillas in el salvador to [stop] hostilities and to begin peace talks .

It will cease with time , whereas contemplative life may be begun in time , but it will be perfected beyond it .
it will [stop] with time , whereas contemplative life may be begun in time , but it will be perfected beyond it .

Should the transaction cease for any reason then you will be liable for outstanding costs , which will not exceed the fixed fee amounts quoted above .
should the transaction [stop] for any reason then you will be liable for outstanding costs , which will not exceed the fixed fee amounts quoted above .

This Guarantee is conditional upon receipt by us at this office of your first written demand , no later than [ date ] ( the Expiry Date ) , whereupon our liability shall cease .
this guarantee is conditional upon receipt by us at this office of your first written demand , no later than [ date ] ( the expiry date ) , whereupon our liability shall [stop] .

No person presently doing business with the Vendor nor any customer or supplier who is in the habit of purchasing from or selling to the Vendor ( as the case may be ) in relation to the Business will within twelve calendar months from Completion cease so to do or otherwise substantially reduce its purchase from or supplies to the Business .
no person presently doing business with the vendor nor any customer or supplier who is in the habit of purchasing from or selling to the vendor ( as the case may be ) in relation to the business will within twelve calendar months from completion [stop] so to do or otherwise substantially reduce its purchase from or supplies to the business .

It was announced in the House of Commons on 26th February 1975 that the current restrictions on agricultural rents should cease to operate from 28th May 1975 .
it was announced in the house of commons on 26th february 1975 that the current restrictions on agricultural rents should [stop] to operate from 28th may 1975 .

In these circumstances we accept that it is reasonable that some trustees may feel that in the new situation produced by the tax the right course would be for the settled property to cease to be held on discretionary trust .
in these circumstances we accept that it is reasonable that some trustees may feel that in the new situation produced by the tax the right course would be for the settled property to [stop] to be held on discretionary trust .

If one side , say the antimissile jamming device , pulled too far ahead in the design race , the other side , the missile in this case , would simply cease to be used and manufactured : it would go ‘ extinct ’ Far from being paradoxical like Alice 's original example , the Red Queen effect in its arms-race context turns out to be fundamental to the very idea of progressive advancement .
if one side , say the antimissile jamming device , pulled too far ahead in the design race , the other side , the missile in this case , would simply [stop] to be used and manufactured : it would go ‘ extinct ’ far from being paradoxical like alice 's original example , the red queen effect in its arms-race context turns out to be fundamental to the very idea of progressive advancement .

When the curvature of space-time becomes large , quantum gravitational effects will become important and the classical theory will cease to be a good description of the universe .
when the curvature of space-time becomes large , quantum gravitational effects will become important and the classical theory will [stop] to be a good description of the universe .

He thought for a moment that it might be some kind of game , that their running would cease as suddenly as it had begun , that they 'd stand like statues on the sand , waiting for him to catch up with them .
he thought for a moment that it might be some kind of game , that their running would [stop] as suddenly as it had begun , that they 'd stand like statues on the sand , waiting for him to catch up with them .

His conversation would never cease .
his conversation would never [stop] .

The Commander did not cease to deny the accusations of Timothy Gedge , while at the same time seeking his wife 's forgiveness in a general way .
the commander did not [stop] to deny the accusations of timothy gedge , while at the same time seeking his wife 's forgiveness in a general way .

The Lord chancellor 's proposals , contained in Regulations due to come into effect on 12th April , would potentially affect about 12–14 million adults : some would cease to be eligible for legal aid ; some would have to pay much more than at present ; and some would be required to pay a contribution for the first time .
the lord chancellor 's proposals , contained in regulations due to come into effect on 12th april , would potentially affect about 12–14 million adults : some would [stop] to be eligible for legal aid ; some would have to pay much more than at present ; and some would be required to pay a contribution for the first time .

Fuel Services will cease to operate as a separate business from 1 April 1994 , and will retire at that time .
fuel services will [stop] to operate as a separate business from 1 april 1994 , and will retire at that time .

Cease to neglect your wife and she may not neglect your home .
[stop] to neglect your wife and she may not neglect your home .

Many companies have been obliged to cease trading while under the impression that they were doing well ; the press tends to report that they were ‘ overstretched ’ .
many companies have been obliged to [stop] trading while under the impression that they were doing well ; the press tends to report that they were ‘ overstretched ’ .

‘ Cease to concern yourself .
‘ [stop] to concern yourself .

If remedial action is not forthcoming we would cease trading with them .
if remedial action is not forthcoming we would [stop] trading with them .

Brother workmen cease your labour , Lay your files and hammers by , Listen while a brother neighbour Sings a cutlers destiny ; How upon a good Saint Monday , Sitting by the smithy fire Telling what 's been done o ' t'Sunday And in cheerful mirth conspire The cutler 's wife enters and indicates , by reference to her ragged attire , that she at least would welcome a little less leisure preference and a little more consumer response to monetary incentive .
brother workmen [stop] your labour , lay your files and hammers by , listen while a brother neighbour sings a cutlers destiny ; how upon a good saint monday , sitting by the smithy fire telling what 's been done o ' t'sunday and in cheerful mirth conspire the cutler 's wife enters and indicates , by reference to her ragged attire , that she at least would welcome a little less leisure preference and a little more consumer response to monetary incentive .

But the solid Swiss world was no phantom , nor would the solar system cease forging steadily through interstellar space : the sun did swing away from our casement , for all that Mary said , for all our forgetting of time , and the baby awoke and cried ; so that Mary , giving me a langourous look , dressed herself carelessly and went down the stairs .
but the solid swiss world was no phantom , nor would the solar system [stop] forging steadily through interstellar space : the sun did swing away from our casement , for all that mary said , for all our forgetting of time , and the baby awoke and cried ; so that mary , giving me a langourous look , dressed herself carelessly and went down the stairs .

‘ Cease to quote your Miltonic scriptures at me ! You dare say thus , Fiend , and yet you threaten the life of my fiancée ? ’
‘ [stop] to quote your miltonic scriptures at me ! you dare say thus , fiend , and yet you threaten the life of my fiancée ? ’

You must cease this nonsensical life of yours , slaving away as if you were a servant !
you must [stop] this nonsensical life of yours , slaving away as if you were a servant !

If only she could remember … If only she could cease to remember .
if only she could remember … if only she could [stop] to remember .

In Darcy 's Utopia money will be as meaningless as coconuts in a country where they fall from the trees : it will cease to be a corrupting cause .
in darcy 's utopia money will be as meaningless as coconuts in a country where they fall from the trees : it will [stop] to be a corrupting cause .

If you dare to walk past and not go in , they dismiss you with a pout like a child , you cease to exist .
if you dare to walk past and not go in , they dismiss you with a pout like a child , you [stop] to exist .

You cease to be human .
you [stop] to be human .

Female sexuality causes men to lose self-control so that they cease to be responsible for their actions — or so runs the accepted wisdom .
female sexuality causes men to lose self-control so that they [stop] to be responsible for their actions — or so runs the accepted wisdom .

But once the new proposals are implemented , school work will be funded and we will face either the impossible position of teachers being paid for doing nothing or the arrangements will cease to exist .
but once the new proposals are implemented , school work will be funded and we will face either the impossible position of teachers being paid for doing nothing or the arrangements will [stop] to exist .

We are gathered here to celebrate a marriage but , in deference to the family of the late verderer and lord of the manor , our celebrations will cease .
we are gathered here to celebrate a marriage but , in deference to the family of the late verderer and lord of the manor , our celebrations will [stop] .

Christian stepped in and called on both Seb and Boz to cease fighting .
christian stepped in and called on both seb and boz to [stop] fighting .

Does the Minister realise that many small primary schools are now under enormous pressure in terms of delivering the full curriculum because they do not have the additional resources to enable them to employ the staff to teach it ? Will the Government stop pressurising authorities to cease supporting small primary schools through additional support across the county ? That pressure is making the future of many rural primary schools very unpredictable .
does the minister realise that many small primary schools are now under enormous pressure in terms of delivering the full curriculum because they do not have the additional resources to enable them to employ the staff to teach it ? will the government stop pressurising authorities to [stop] supporting small primary schools through additional support across the county ? that pressure is making the future of many rural primary schools very unpredictable .

Is my hon. Friend aware that my constituency is extremely attractive geographically for countries making inward investment in Britain and that it has prospered from such inward investment ? Does my hon. Friend agree that more than ever it is important that an agreement is reached at Maastricht in which Britain takes a whole-hearted role in the European Community , because otherwise it will cease to be so attractive for inward investment ?
is my hon. friend aware that my constituency is extremely attractive geographically for countries making inward investment in britain and that it has prospered from such inward investment ? does my hon. friend agree that more than ever it is important that an agreement is reached at maastricht in which britain takes a whole-hearted role in the european community , because otherwise it will [stop] to be so attractive for inward investment ?

If the privatisation programme were to cease , it would have a damaging effect on the inflow of funds , as would proposals to renationalise parts of industry which is what the Labour party proposes .
if the privatisation programme were to [stop] , it would have a damaging effect on the inflow of funds , as would proposals to renationalise parts of industry which is what the labour party proposes .

Does my hon. Friend accept that the fears raised in some people 's mind by the White Paper have not been entirely quelled by the reassurances that he and my right hon. and learned Friend the Secretary of State have given ? There is anxiety that there will be rationalisation and that some colleges and available classes in rural areas will cease to exist . Can my hon. Friend the Minister give any reassurances in that respect ?
does my hon. friend accept that the fears raised in some people 's mind by the white paper have not been entirely quelled by the reassurances that he and my right hon. and learned friend the secretary of state have given ? there is anxiety that there will be rationalisation and that some colleges and available classes in rural areas will [stop] to exist . can my hon. friend the minister give any reassurances in that respect ?

Is it not time to cease the spiteful vendetta against a group of pathetic old people who really have nothing left to offer ?
is it not time to [stop] the spiteful vendetta against a group of pathetic old people who really have nothing left to offer ?

Members over whether Carlo Ripa di Meana , the European Community Environment Commissioner , was within his rights or was interfering in every nook and cranny of British daily life — as our Foreign Secretary put it in rather colourful language — when he commanded that work on construction projects in this country should cease because environmental impact assessments had not been prepared although they should have been .
members over whether carlo ripa di meana , the european community environment commissioner , was within his rights or was interfering in every nook and cranny of british daily life — as our foreign secretary put it in rather colourful language — when he commanded that work on construction projects in this country should [stop] because environmental impact assessments had not been prepared although they should have been .

On imprisonment the National Association of Citizens Advice Bureaux says : ’ Imprisonment of people for arrears of community charge should cease immediately . ’
on imprisonment the national association of citizens advice bureaux says : ’ imprisonment of people for arrears of community charge should [stop] immediately . ’

That step is to cease attacking Dubrovnik and to withdraw from it .
that step is to [stop] attacking dubrovnik and to withdraw from it .

Ministers do not seek to influence LEAs ' decisions or policies on them : they would cease to be discretionary if we did .
ministers do not seek to influence leas ' decisions or policies on them : they would [stop] to be discretionary if we did .

Strangely this vandalism did not cease when the collieries were nationalised .
strangely this vandalism did not [stop] when the collieries were nationalised .

From some different world , she heard the bird 's song cease abruptly in mid-trill , and the startled flutter of its wings as it took flight , followed by the soft rustle of a breeze through the bushes .
from some different world , she heard the bird 's song [stop] abruptly in mid-trill , and the startled flutter of its wings as it took flight , followed by the soft rustle of a breeze through the bushes .

[ … ] Clearly , with such a state of affairs the market process must immediately cease .
[ … ] clearly , with such a state of affairs the market process must immediately [stop] .

It is replaced by representative democracy , and this means , in Weber 's view , that the people cease to have any real control over political decisions , which become the prerogative , on one side , of a bureaucratic administration and , on the other side , of the leaders of political parties .
it is replaced by representative democracy , and this means , in weber 's view , that the people [stop] to have any real control over political decisions , which become the prerogative , on one side , of a bureaucratic administration and , on the other side , of the leaders of political parties .

They can , of course , cease payment at any time , but they break the contract and forgo virtually all the benefits since very little compensation is usually available for the premiums which have already been paid .
they can , of course , [stop] payment at any time , but they break the contract and forgo virtually all the benefits since very little compensation is usually available for the premiums which have already been paid .

However , social class influence on attainment seemed to cease with university entry : once admitted , working-class students performed as well as middle-class students .
however , social class influence on attainment seemed to [stop] with university entry : once admitted , working-class students performed as well as middle-class students .

He wanted all future to cease
he wanted all future to [stop]

For example , the word sardine in a poem would cease to function as a substitute for the thing itself , and instead its linguistic features would be ‘ maximally foregrounded ’ .
for example , the word sardine in a poem would [stop] to function as a substitute for the thing itself , and instead its linguistic features would be ‘ maximally foregrounded ’ .

As time goes by these devices become familiar and cease to be perceptible .
as time goes by these devices become familiar and [stop] to be perceptible .

Plea that the note was given to secure the loan ; that , subsequent to the loan and the giving of the note , the defendant had complained to John Bluett that he had not received equal favourable treatment with John Bluett 's other children ; that John Bluett had conceded the truth of these complaints and agreed with the defendant that , in consideration that the defendant should cease his complaints and also out of his natural love and affection for the defendant , he would discharge the defendant from all liability in respect of the loan and the note .
plea that the note was given to secure the loan ; that , subsequent to the loan and the giving of the note , the defendant had complained to john bluett that he had not received equal favourable treatment with john bluett 's other children ; that john bluett had conceded the truth of these complaints and agreed with the defendant that , in consideration that the defendant should [stop] his complaints and also out of his natural love and affection for the defendant , he would discharge the defendant from all liability in respect of the loan and the note .

If the case had been one of estoppel , it might be said that in any event the estoppel would cease when the conditions to which the representation applied came to an end , or it also might be said that it would only come to an end on notice .
if the case had been one of estoppel , it might be said that in any event the estoppel would [stop] when the conditions to which the representation applied came to an end , or it also might be said that it would only come to an end on notice .

Mrs Frere 's refusal to respond ( Mrs Bostock later informed Eliza Waters ) was as dreary as the rain , and as impervious to her visitor 's desire that it should cease .
mrs frere 's refusal to respond ( mrs bostock later informed eliza waters ) was as dreary as the rain , and as impervious to her visitor 's desire that it should [stop] .

Accept her cold rebuffs without anger or impatience ; be there for her as best he might in the fond hope that this dreary rain must cease , that Spring must come again , and she might wake one day to that glorious span of light across the water-meadows .
accept her cold rebuffs without anger or impatience ; be there for her as best he might in the fond hope that this dreary rain must [stop] , that spring must come again , and she might wake one day to that glorious span of light across the water-meadows .

What she wanted was permission to cease .
what she wanted was permission to [stop] .

There was no question of generalized armed conflict at this stage , but the rivalry between the two `` superpowers `` meant that the struggle for domination did not cease .
there was no question of generalized armed conflict at this stage , but the rivalry between the two `` superpowers `` meant that the struggle for domination did not [stop] .

Tasks at these levels often involve controlled processes , this appears to be clearly demonstrated by the common observation that a driver may cease a conversation before carrying out a complex manoeuvre .
tasks at these levels often involve controlled processes , this appears to be clearly demonstrated by the common observation that a driver may [stop] a conversation before carrying out a complex manoeuvre .

Foreign trade would cease to be a state monopoly , although the state would continue to `` direct and control `` it , and the state `` recognizes the ownership of mixed enterprises `` , thus allowing for joint ventures with foreign investors in the future . ``
foreign trade would [stop] to be a state monopoly , although the state would continue to `` direct and control `` it , and the state `` recognizes the ownership of mixed enterprises `` , thus allowing for joint ventures with foreign investors in the future . ``

On Dec. 18 a judge found that Bush had engaged in unsound business practices and recommended that a `` cease and desist `` order should be issued against him , restricting his future involvement in the banking sector .
on dec. 18 a judge found that bush had engaged in unsound business practices and recommended that a `` [stop] and desist `` order should be issued against him , restricting his future involvement in the banking sector .

In August the Soviet Union announced that it would cease producing rail-mounted strategic nuclear missiles from the beginning of 1991 .
in august the soviet union announced that it would [stop] producing rail-mounted strategic nuclear missiles from the beginning of 1991 .

Japanese owners operated 500 of the 1,300 Asian drift vessels in the Pacific , where there was increasing international pressure to cease driftnet fishing — a practice whereby fine nylon nets were stretched across as much as 60 km of the ocean to a depth of 15 metres , resulting in the unintended death of an estimated 1,000,000 sea birds and 200,000 mammals each year .
japanese owners operated 500 of the 1,300 asian drift vessels in the pacific , where there was increasing international pressure to [stop] driftnet fishing — a practice whereby fine nylon nets were stretched across as much as 60 km of the ocean to a depth of 15 metres , resulting in the unintended death of an estimated 1,000,000 sea birds and 200,000 mammals each year .

During a break in the ensuing negotiations on Aug. 26 , Meciar told journalists that Czechoslovakia would cease to exist on Jan. 1 , 1993 . ``
during a break in the ensuing negotiations on aug. 26 , meciar told journalists that czechoslovakia would [stop] to exist on jan. 1 , 1993 . ``

The Algerian embassy in Washington would cease to represent Iranian interests .
the algerian embassy in washington would [stop] to represent iranian interests .

In a joint strategy for peace , the two organizations called upon their members to " cease all attacks against one another with immediate effect and promote the quest for peace " .
in a joint strategy for peace , the two organizations called upon their members to " [stop] all attacks against one another with immediate effect and promote the quest for peace " .

Gen. Abdul Rashid Dostam , the ethnic Uzbek leader who had fought for the Najibullah regime until switching allegiance to Masud in March [ see p. 38847 ] and who still commanded the most powerful militia in the country , on June 25 called on all mujaheddin factions in Kabul to cease hostilities .
gen. abdul rashid dostam , the ethnic uzbek leader who had fought for the najibullah regime until switching allegiance to masud in march [ see p. 38847 ] and who still commanded the most powerful militia in the country , on june 25 called on all mujaheddin factions in kabul to [stop] hostilities .

The Communist Party of Armenia voted at a congress on Sept. 7 to cease its activity .
the communist party of armenia voted at a congress on sept. 7 to [stop] its activity .

However , Italian Treasury Minister Guido Carli accepted a compromise assurance that the Institute would cease to exist as soon as the European central bank came into being ( i.e .
however , italian treasury minister guido carli accepted a compromise assurance that the institute would [stop] to exist as soon as the european central bank came into being ( i.e .

Major appealed to him to withdraw the threat to break off talks with the South African government [ see above ] , but at a press conference Mandela reiterated that such negotiations would cease on May 9 unless de Klerk acted to halt township violence .
major appealed to him to withdraw the threat to break off talks with the south african government [ see above ] , but at a press conference mandela reiterated that such negotiations would [stop] on may 9 unless de klerk acted to halt township violence .

Article 146 [ concerning the duration of validity of the Basic Law ] shall read as follows : `` This Basic Law , which is valid for the entire German people following the achievement of the unity and freedom of Germany , shall cease to be in force on the day on which a constitution adopted by a free decision of the German people comes into force . ``
article 146 [ concerning the duration of validity of the basic law ] shall read as follows : `` this basic law , which is valid for the entire german people following the achievement of the unity and freedom of germany , shall [stop] to be in force on the day on which a constitution adopted by a free decision of the german people comes into force . ``

They also urged all Middle Eastern states to cease the import of weapons-grade nuclear materials .
they also urged all middle eastern states to [stop] the import of weapons-grade nuclear materials .

Called on Iraq to cease hostile actions , to send military commanders to discuss the cessation of hostilities , to arrange immediate access to and release of all prisoners of war , and to assist in identifying all mines , booby traps and other explosives .
called on iraq to [stop] hostile actions , to send military commanders to discuss the cessation of hostilities , to arrange immediate access to and release of all prisoners of war , and to assist in identifying all mines , booby traps and other explosives .

The state of emergency , in force for 27 years , was allowed to expire at midnight on Nov. 8 , in accordance with the Constitution adopted on Aug. 2 [ see p. 38378 ] which stipulated that any such martial law in force should cease seven days after the inauguration of a new presidency .
the state of emergency , in force for 27 years , was allowed to expire at midnight on nov. 8 , in accordance with the constitution adopted on aug. 2 [ see p. 38378 ] which stipulated that any such martial law in force should [stop] seven days after the inauguration of a new presidency .

Police were instructed to cease searching vehicles and homes without warrant and to remove all roadblocks immediately .
police were instructed to [stop] searching vehicles and homes without warrant and to remove all roadblocks immediately .

Gosbank had warned on Nov.29 that it would cease payments to central government , after the Supreme Soviet refused to endorse a request for 90,500 million roubles credit to finance the last quarter budget deficit and pay state employees [ for budget deficit see p. 38301 ] .
gosbank had warned on nov.29 that it would [stop] payments to central government , after the supreme soviet refused to endorse a request for 90,500 million roubles credit to finance the last quarter budget deficit and pay state employees [ for budget deficit see p. 38301 ] .

The Cabinet also attacked Pérez de Cuéllar for `` abusing `` the Convention and singling out Israel `` without making a comparable plea to the Palestinians to cease their violence `` .
the cabinet also attacked pérez de cuéllar for `` abusing `` the convention and singling out israel `` without making a comparable plea to the palestinians to [stop] their violence `` .

Under pressure from Oakley and from French officials , Gen. Aydid and Mahdi Mohammed , his main rival for power in four years of civil war , held peace talks on Dec. 11 at which it was reported that they agreed to cease fighting and withdraw their weapons from Mogadishu .
under pressure from oakley and from french officials , gen. aydid and mahdi mohammed , his main rival for power in four years of civil war , held peace talks on dec. 11 at which it was reported that they agreed to [stop] fighting and withdraw their weapons from mogadishu .

Directors of Pressa 's printing works in 18 towns had written to Russia 's Minister for the Press and Mass Media , Nikolai Poltoranin , warning that because of financial difficulties , publication of central newspapers would cease in Russia 's regions unless emergency measures were taken .
directors of pressa 's printing works in 18 towns had written to russia 's minister for the press and mass media , nikolai poltoranin , warning that because of financial difficulties , publication of central newspapers would [stop] in russia 's regions unless emergency measures were taken .

Neil Clarke , chair of British Coal , announced on Oct. 13 that production was to cease at 31 of the corporation 's 50 pits over the next five months ( including four which were to be mothballed ) and that up to 30,000 jobs were to be lost .
neil clarke , chair of british coal , announced on oct. 13 that production was to [stop] at 31 of the corporation 's 50 pits over the next five months ( including four which were to be mothballed ) and that up to 30,000 jobs were to be lost .

Klaus would cease to be Civic Forum chair .
klaus would [stop] to be civic forum chair .

Many were also planning to change their contracts : 62 per cent were planning to cease a contract that existed the previous year ; 71 per cent to contract with a new provider ; 50 per cent to reduce volume more than 10 per cent with an existing provider and 78 per cent to contract for a greater volume of care per pound spent .
many were also planning to change their contracts : 62 per cent were planning to [stop] a contract that existed the previous year ; 71 per cent to contract with a new provider ; 50 per cent to reduce volume more than 10 per cent with an existing provider and 78 per cent to contract for a greater volume of care per pound spent .

( 8 ) Section 40 of the Law of Property Act 1925 ( which is superseded by this section ) shall cease to have effect .
( 8 ) section 40 of the law of property act 1925 ( which is superseded by this section ) shall [stop] to have effect .

In the example just given , if the Maoris remained away without exercising their rights continuously for one generation , their claims would not be materially affected , but absence for two generations would seriously weaken the claims and render them subject to some recognition by the tribe ; they would not entirely cease until after an absence of three generations …
in the example just given , if the maoris remained away without exercising their rights continuously for one generation , their claims would not be materially affected , but absence for two generations would seriously weaken the claims and render them subject to some recognition by the tribe ; they would not entirely [stop] until after an absence of three generations …

Tenant paying all rent with costs , proceedings to cease
tenant paying all rent with costs , proceedings to [stop]

212 If the tenant or his assignee do or shall , at any time before the trial in such ejectment , pay or tender to the lessor or landlord , his executors or administrators , or his or their attorney in that cause , or pay into the court where the same cause is depending , all the rent and arrears , together with the costs , then and in such case all further proceedings on the said ejectment shall cease and be discontinued ; and if such lessee , his executors , administrators , or assigns , shall , upon such proceedings as aforesaid , be relieved in equity , he and they shall have , hold , and enjoy the demised lands , according to the lease thereof made , without any new lease .
212 if the tenant or his assignee do or shall , at any time before the trial in such ejectment , pay or tender to the lessor or landlord , his executors or administrators , or his or their attorney in that cause , or pay into the court where the same cause is depending , all the rent and arrears , together with the costs , then and in such case all further proceedings on the said ejectment shall [stop] and be discontinued ; and if such lessee , his executors , administrators , or assigns , shall , upon such proceedings as aforesaid , be relieved in equity , he and they shall have , hold , and enjoy the demised lands , according to the lease thereof made , without any new lease .

( 2 ) If the lessee pays into court not less than 5 clear days before the return day all the rent in arrear and the costs of the action , the action shall cease , and the lessee shall hold the land according to the lease without any new lease .
( 2 ) if the lessee pays into court not less than 5 clear days before the return day all the rent in arrear and the costs of the action , the action shall [stop] , and the lessee shall hold the land according to the lease without any new lease .

( 3 ) If — ( a ) the action does not cease under subsection ( 2 ) ; and ( b ) the court at the trial is satisfied that the lessor is entitled to enforce the right of re-entry or forfeiture , the court shall order possession of the land to be given to the lessor at the expiration of such period , not being less than 4 weeks from the date of the order , as the court thinks fit , unless within that period the lessee pays into court all the rent in arrear and the costs of the action .
( 3 ) if — ( a ) the action does not [stop] under subsection ( 2 ) ; and ( b ) the court at the trial is satisfied that the lessor is entitled to enforce the right of re-entry or forfeiture , the court shall order possession of the land to be given to the lessor at the expiration of such period , not being less than 4 weeks from the date of the order , as the court thinks fit , unless within that period the lessee pays into court all the rent in arrear and the costs of the action .

So goods once stolen cease to be so on restoration .
so goods once stolen [stop] to be so on restoration .

Hewitt ( 1986 ) observes that `` black youngsters themselves often reach a peak of Creole use in their late teens `` ( p. 193 ) while where white Creole users are concerned , `` most youngsters who employ Creole cease to do so at about the age of sixteen `` .
hewitt ( 1986 ) observes that `` black youngsters themselves often reach a peak of creole use in their late teens `` ( p. 193 ) while where white creole users are concerned , `` most youngsters who employ creole [stop] to do so at about the age of sixteen `` .

When did he cease basing his policy on it ?
when did he [stop] basing his policy on it ?

If we know that there are a few billion equally plausible lexical paths through a mid-class lattice , we may cease to wonder why syntax failed to produce the intended utterance in its top ten .
if we know that there are a few billion equally plausible lexical paths through a mid-class lattice , we may [stop] to wonder why syntax failed to produce the intended utterance in its top ten .

( 12 ) The histories of cease and quit are less varied but the senses found for them in earlier times help explain some of the semantic differences that will be described below . ( Freed 1979 : 109 )
( 12 ) the histories of [stop] and quit are less varied but the senses found for them in earlier times help explain some of the semantic differences that will be described below . ( freed 1979 : 109 )

As seen above with need and dare , therefore , it is only when ought is not asserted but conceived as a mere possibility that it can cease to constitute a before-position with respect to the event expressed by the infinitive and be followed by the bare infinitive .
as seen above with need and dare , therefore , it is only when ought is not asserted but conceived as a mere possibility that it can [stop] to constitute a before-position with respect to the event expressed by the infinitive and be followed by the bare infinitive .

Even so , mining did not cease entirely until the outbreak of the great Civil War in 1648 .
even so , mining did not [stop] entirely until the outbreak of the great civil war in 1648 .

In a modern society , it is — more or less — up to the individuals or couples to choose the age at which they marry or enter into one kind of conjugal union or another , to decide whether they should have a child or children or not , mow many children they want to have and at what intervals , and to opt for an age at which they want to cease childbearing , etc .
in a modern society , it is — more or less — up to the individuals or couples to choose the age at which they marry or enter into one kind of conjugal union or another , to decide whether they should have a child or children or not , mow many children they want to have and at what intervals , and to opt for an age at which they want to [stop] childbearing , etc .

Each option contract will also have an ‘ expiry ’ date on which the rights of the investor and obligations of the writer cease .
each option contract will also have an ‘ expiry ’ date on which the rights of the investor and obligations of the writer [stop] .

Traded options usually cease on the third or fourth Wednesday of the month in which they are due to expire .
traded options usually [stop] on the third or fourth wednesday of the month in which they are due to expire .

Many companies have been obliged to cease trading while under the impression that they were doing well ; the press tends to report that they were ‘ overstretched ’ .
many companies have been obliged to [stop] trading while under the impression that they were doing well ; the press tends to report that they were ‘ overstretched ’ .

The Justice of the Forest was ordered to cease these oppressive measures .
the justice of the forest was ordered to [stop] these oppressive measures .

The Council commanded the warden to cease these unlawful practices , and to reduce his foresters to six , which he was to maintain himself .
the council commanded the warden to [stop] these unlawful practices , and to reduce his foresters to six , which he was to maintain himself .

The temptation was that the churches ' social work , begun as a way to win the unchurched as well as to help them physically , would cease being the means and instead become the end .
the temptation was that the churches ' social work , begun as a way to win the unchurched as well as to help them physically , would [stop] being the means and instead become the end .

Any dissimilarity between the dots suggests weighting and they will cease to be dimensionless .
any dissimilarity between the dots suggests weighting and they will [stop] to be dimensionless .

Some mares react badly and their reproductive cycles cease or are disrupted .
some mares react badly and their reproductive cycles [stop] or are disrupted .

Nor did the cheering cease when the runners got down to business and the three-mile race commenced , for at almost every fence Arkle and Mill House produced leaps which drew from the spectators whoops of appreciation .
nor did the cheering [stop] when the runners got down to business and the three-mile race commenced , for at almost every fence arkle and mill house produced leaps which drew from the spectators whoops of appreciation .

But once we have left school and have gone on to a different sort of existence , those relationships cease to have anything like the same meaning .
but once we have left school and have gone on to a different sort of existence , those relationships [stop] to have anything like the same meaning .

If the Iranian operation worked , the hostages would be freed , terrorism would cease , Iran and Iraq would make peace ( the grand climaxes were often not connected , but somehow self-generating out of the golden atmosphere ) , and Iran would be secured in the American , rather than the Soviet , camp .
if the iranian operation worked , the hostages would be freed , terrorism would [stop] , iran and iraq would make peace ( the grand climaxes were often not connected , but somehow self-generating out of the golden atmosphere ) , and iran would be secured in the american , rather than the soviet , camp .

The owner of a firearm is none the less owner because the law prohibits him from discharging it in a public highway ; the owner of a field does not cease to be owner because the public or a neighbour has the right to use a footpath across it .
the owner of a firearm is none the less owner because the law prohibits him from discharging it in a public highway ; the owner of a field does not [stop] to be owner because the public or a neighbour has the right to use a footpath across it .

An owner who delivers a car or a bicycle by way of loan or hire to another parts with the possession to him , but does not cease to be owner .
an owner who delivers a car or a bicycle by way of loan or hire to another parts with the possession to him , but does not [stop] to be owner .

The mortgagor demises the land to the mortgagee for a term of years absolute , subject to a proviso that the term shall cease when the mortgagor repays the loan .
the mortgagor demises the land to the mortgagee for a term of years absolute , subject to a proviso that the term shall [stop] when the mortgagor repays the loan .

Over-zealous expansion may be counter-productive as well as burdensome : a good school may cease to be a good school if its classes are overflowing and its playgrounds full of makeshift accommodation .
over-zealous expansion may be counter-productive as well as burdensome : a good school may [stop] to be a good school if its classes are overflowing and its playgrounds full of makeshift accommodation .

Dr Johnson begged a Berkeleian not to take his leave from the group he was with , ‘ for we may perhaps forget to think of you , and then you will cease to exist ’ .
dr johnson begged a berkeleian not to take his leave from the group he was with , ‘ for we may perhaps forget to think of you , and then you will [stop] to exist ’ .

And once changes are agreed , they cease to be the adjustments of the Government .
and once changes are agreed , they [stop] to be the adjustments of the government .

He made clear to Hitler that Britain would not fight to uphold the Versailles treaty and , for far too long , held to the hope that the Third Reich 's territorial ambitions would cease after it had vacuumed up all ethnic Germans .
he made clear to hitler that britain would not fight to uphold the versailles treaty and , for far too long , held to the hope that the third reich 's territorial ambitions would [stop] after it had vacuumed up all ethnic germans .

If cells do not communicate efficiently , the organs they are a part of — be they hearts , brains or bones — cease to work properly .
if cells do not communicate efficiently , the organs they are a part of — be they hearts , brains or bones — [stop] to work properly .

With renewed talk of winding down both military alliances some ministers believe Nato must avoid stating the obvious : that the Warsaw Pact could cease to exist as a viable alliance .
with renewed talk of winding down both military alliances some ministers believe nato must avoid stating the obvious : that the warsaw pact could [stop] to exist as a viable alliance .

The race , the breeding ground , might be missed , both in sporting and traditional terms , should it cease .
the race , the breeding ground , might be missed , both in sporting and traditional terms , should it [stop] .

It clear that it is costing British jobs on a substantial scale and that it will continue until the unfair practices cease .
it clear that it is costing british jobs on a substantial scale and that it will continue until the unfair practices [stop] .

It characterises the Germans that they never cease to ask the question , ‘ What is German ? ’
it characterises the germans that they never [stop] to ask the question , ‘ what is german ? ’

Because McDonald 's has always been very conscious of all issues relating to the environment , early last year the decision was taken to cease using CFCs in packaging .
because mcdonald 's has always been very conscious of all issues relating to the environment , early last year the decision was taken to [stop] using cfcs in packaging .

Believers very often cease to believe because such suffering makes them no longer able to accept the goodness of God .
believers very often [stop] to believe because such suffering makes them no longer able to accept the goodness of god .

When God is present , He does not cease to be transcendent .
when god is present , he does not [stop] to be transcendent .

For the purposes of the limits described in sub-paragraphs , , and above , options which lapse in accordance with the Scheme shall cease to count .
for the purposes of the limits described in sub-paragraphs , , and above , options which lapse in accordance with the scheme shall [stop] to count .

( Please note that benefits are halved for policyholders aged 60 or over and the benefit for injury preventing you from working again would cease to be applicable .
( please note that benefits are halved for policyholders aged 60 or over and the benefit for injury preventing you from working again would [stop] to be applicable .

Once premiums cease after 10 years , you can then leave your fund to continue accumulating and you can cash it in , at anytime , prior to your 85th birthday .
once premiums [stop] after 10 years , you can then leave your fund to continue accumulating and you can cash it in , at anytime , prior to your 85th birthday .

4 ) Finally , once your contributions cease under one policy , you may continue to take advantage of the Society 's tax exemption by taking out a new Bond .
4 ) finally , once your contributions [stop] under one policy , you may continue to take advantage of the society 's tax exemption by taking out a new bond .

When the value of your fund exceeds the guaranteed sum assured deductions will cease .
when the value of your fund exceeds the guaranteed sum assured deductions will [stop] .

If you have paid six full years ' contributions before you cease payments , the Society will make your policy paid-up , leaving the units purchased to remain invested until such time you make a request to encash them .
if you have paid six full years ' contributions before you [stop] payments , the society will make your policy paid-up , leaving the units purchased to remain invested until such time you make a request to encash them .

All benefits and cover cease upon reaching the originally agreed termination date of the loan .
all benefits and cover [stop] upon reaching the originally agreed termination date of the loan .

The reward has gone and consequently the undesirable behaviour may diminish or cease .
the reward has gone and consequently the undesirable behaviour may diminish or [stop] .

If that oxygen to the brain should cease for just ten seconds the result is a coma ; after three minutes there is irreversible brain damage .
if that oxygen to the brain should [stop] for just ten seconds the result is a coma ; after three minutes there is irreversible brain damage .

Hearing : After they have been in their homes for quite a short time , people who live near railway lines cease to hear the sound of the passing trains , even though the noise may seem deafening to a visitor .
hearing : after they have been in their homes for quite a short time , people who live near railway lines [stop] to hear the sound of the passing trains , even though the noise may seem deafening to a visitor .

The Venerable David Silk , Archdeacon of Leicester , summing up the theological opposition , said that in ordaining women the Church of England would ‘ cease to be part of the Catholic , apostolic church and would be behaving as if it were the whole of Christianity , or a mere sect ’ .
the venerable david silk , archdeacon of leicester , summing up the theological opposition , said that in ordaining women the church of england would ‘ [stop] to be part of the catholic , apostolic church and would be behaving as if it were the whole of christianity , or a mere sect ’ .

This is the first time a unit trust company has had to suspend funds under the Financial Services Act 's pricing regulations , which oblige it to cease trading once an error is suspected .
this is the first time a unit trust company has had to suspend funds under the financial services act 's pricing regulations , which oblige it to [stop] trading once an error is suspected .

Although the panic order for cinemas to close and production to cease was rapidly rescinded , many film studios were to be requisitioned by the military throughout the war .
although the panic order for cinemas to close and production to [stop] was rapidly rescinded , many film studios were to be requisitioned by the military throughout the war .

Robbins observed also that the world , not higher education alone , will suffer if ever they cease to regard ( the advancement of knowledge ) as one of their major functions .
robbins observed also that the world , not higher education alone , will suffer if ever they [stop] to regard ( the advancement of knowledge ) as one of their major functions .

Tony Dorigo must cease to be a non-playing member of the squad , Paul Gascoigne to be an unsolved riddle .
tony dorigo must [stop] to be a non-playing member of the squad , paul gascoigne to be an unsolved riddle .

He promised attacks by his cartel would cease if the government agreed to negotiate .
he promised attacks by his cartel would [stop] if the government agreed to negotiate .

’ she would say , and the conversation would then cease .
’ she would say , and the conversation would then [stop] .

As your playing standard improves and you develop the feeling of the rally , the rally should cease when the ball is out of play ( ie , when it has bounced twice , or outside the lines ) .
as your playing standard improves and you develop the feeling of the rally , the rally should [stop] when the ball is out of play ( ie , when it has bounced twice , or outside the lines ) .

Perhaps in her company you fade psychologically — you are so used to believing that she is more attractive that you cease to believe in your own abilities .
perhaps in her company you fade psychologically — you are so used to believing that she is more attractive that you [stop] to believe in your own abilities .

Till life shall cease .
till life shall [stop] .

All too often when they cease to use a building , they simply lock the door and walk away .
all too often when they [stop] to use a building , they simply lock the door and walk away .

Nearly all the world 's quinine came from Java , and , if Java fell into enemy hands ( as it did in 1942 ) , supplies would virtually cease .
nearly all the world 's quinine came from java , and , if java fell into enemy hands ( as it did in 1942 ) , supplies would virtually [stop] .

There were repeated television appeals that acts of revenge should cease .
there were repeated television appeals that acts of revenge should [stop] .

No parties are involved in it , and as soon as the country gets on an even keel again , the Government will cease to exist .
no parties are involved in it , and as soon as the country gets on an even keel again , the government will [stop] to exist .

Pre-war values never did come back ; rent restriction never did cease to be considered necessary , even after the building of three or four million new houses ; subsidies never were discontinued .
pre-war values never did come back ; rent restriction never did [stop] to be considered necessary , even after the building of three or four million new houses ; subsidies never were discontinued .

It is not possible , because of human nature itself , so to reorganise economic or social life that by that means envy and resentment cease to exist .
it is not possible , because of human nature itself , so to reorganise economic or social life that by that means envy and resentment [stop] to exist .

Conversely , managers ( quite reasonably ) insist that it would be equally unjust if their rights to commission on projects which they have initiated were to cease the moment they parted company from the artist .
conversely , managers ( quite reasonably ) insist that it would be equally unjust if their rights to commission on projects which they have initiated were to [stop] the moment they parted company from the artist .

Recalling St Magnus Martyr and speaking again of the need to preserve the fabric of the church , Eliot declared he would cease to appeal in the name of Christopher Wren and his school , and appeal instead ‘ in the name of Laud and the beauty of holiness ’ .
recalling st magnus martyr and speaking again of the need to preserve the fabric of the church , eliot declared he would [stop] to appeal in the name of christopher wren and his school , and appeal instead ‘ in the name of laud and the beauty of holiness ’ .

But , crucially , and this reminds us of Genet , Bersani locates a challenge inseparable from a certain ambivalence : if gay males threaten male heterosexual identity , it is not because they offer a detached parody of that identity , but rather because ‘ from within their nearly mad identification with it , they never cease to feel the appeal of its being violated ’ ( ‘ Is the Rectum a Grave ?
but , crucially , and this reminds us of genet , bersani locates a challenge inseparable from a certain ambivalence : if gay males threaten male heterosexual identity , it is not because they offer a detached parody of that identity , but rather because ‘ from within their nearly mad identification with it , they never [stop] to feel the appeal of its being violated ’ ( ‘ is the rectum a grave ?

And if there is still no president when the current assembly session expires in December 1990 , the very mechanism that is intended to ensure the continuation of the Lebanese state will cease to exist .
and if there is still no president when the current assembly session expires in december 1990 , the very mechanism that is intended to ensure the continuation of the lebanese state will [stop] to exist .

‘ If the Party is destroyed , then the Polish left will cease to exist .
‘ if the party is destroyed , then the polish left will [stop] to exist .

The council should have stopped these dealings when the district auditor began to question their legality in the summer of 1988 , but the new options were taken out between then and 23 February this year , when the council decided to cease making payments on the transactions .
the council should have stopped these dealings when the district auditor began to question their legality in the summer of 1988 , but the new options were taken out between then and 23 february this year , when the council decided to [stop] making payments on the transactions .

the Rural Areas Committee as at present constituted should cease to exist .
the rural areas committee as at present constituted should [stop] to exist .

Then , through a series of interpreters , they called for the Nez Perce to cease making war upon other tribes , so that a trading post could be established .
then , through a series of interpreters , they called for the nez perce to [stop] making war upon other tribes , so that a trading post could be established .

Hitler was presented with an ultimatum by both Britain and France to cease their invasion by 11 a.m. on Sunday , 3rd , September , or a state of war would exist between the allied British and French forces against Germany .
hitler was presented with an ultimatum by both britain and france to [stop] their invasion by 11 a.m. on sunday , 3rd , september , or a state of war would exist between the allied british and french forces against germany .

Nor , it seems , might the purge cease there .
nor , it seems , might the purge [stop] there .

Hern 's lease of the royal stables at West Ilsley in Berkshire is to cease next year .
hern 's lease of the royal stables at west ilsley in berkshire is to [stop] next year .

What is amazing , therefore , is that the agency that has the responsibility for this programme — Milton Keynes Development Corporation — has been largely wound down over the past few years and the remainder of it will cease to exist in 1992 .
what is amazing , therefore , is that the agency that has the responsibility for this programme — milton keynes development corporation — has been largely wound down over the past few years and the remainder of it will [stop] to exist in 1992 .

Till God was pleased their lives to cease
till god was pleased their lives to [stop]

Now my cries shall cease to grieve thee ,
now my cries shall [stop] to grieve thee ,

Once formed , rings soon cease to exchange with the biosphere .
once formed , rings soon [stop] to exchange with the biosphere .

If she were to cease believing that … Supposing it were simply words which now meant little , something vague perhaps .
if she were to [stop] believing that … supposing it were simply words which now meant little , something vague perhaps .

They would cease to be ‘ occupied ’ and therefore cease to enjoy the legal protection of the 1949 ( IVth ) Geneva Convention and the withdrawal requirement in Resolution 242 .
they would [stop] to be ‘ occupied ’ and therefore [stop] to enjoy the legal protection of the 1949 ( ivth ) geneva convention and the withdrawal requirement in resolution 242 .

President Alija Izetbegovic of Bosnia , a Muslim , condemned the attacks , and in a letter to the acting Yugoslav defence minister called on the Serbian-dominated army to cease all hostilities in Bosnia .
president alija izetbegovic of bosnia , a muslim , condemned the attacks , and in a letter to the acting yugoslav defence minister called on the serbian-dominated army to [stop] all hostilities in bosnia .

Brewing at Warrington ( Greenalls ) and Nottingham ( Shipstones ) is scheduled to cease in 1991 .
brewing at warrington ( greenalls ) and nottingham ( shipstones ) is scheduled to [stop] in 1991 .

Some smaller breweries are understood to have stopped supplying the Famous Firkin wholesale division , as they can not afford the risk should it cease trading .
some smaller breweries are understood to have stopped supplying the famous firkin wholesale division , as they can not afford the risk should it [stop] trading .

Give Muslims decent housing and better job opportunities , put an end to racist attacks and insults , and youngsters will cease to carry banners reading : ‘ Die , Rushdie bastard .
give muslims decent housing and better job opportunities , put an end to racist attacks and insults , and youngsters will [stop] to carry banners reading : ‘ die , rushdie bastard .

Rather than match China 's firmness , it can be confidently predicted , the Hong Kong authorities will follow past form , cease muttering about their shock and horror over Tiananmen , and return to bland assurances that the negotiations with Peking about a post-1997 ‘ Basic Law ’ for Hong Kong are going well .
rather than match china 's firmness , it can be confidently predicted , the hong kong authorities will follow past form , [stop] muttering about their shock and horror over tiananmen , and return to bland assurances that the negotiations with peking about a post-1997 ‘ basic law ’ for hong kong are going well .

‘ But if the Lithuanian Party does n't move with public opinion , it will soon cease to exist here .
‘ but if the lithuanian party does n't move with public opinion , it will soon [stop] to exist here .

The mill was eventually forced to cease operations during Mr Bright 's time when a large pond , further upstream , was drained by a colliery to reduce water leakage into the coal workings .
the mill was eventually forced to [stop] operations during mr bright 's time when a large pond , further upstream , was drained by a colliery to reduce water leakage into the coal workings .

Should this be achieved , the frequently cited fear of many parents of not being able to look after their children when they are old would cease to be a matter of concern .
should this be achieved , the frequently cited fear of many parents of not being able to look after their children when they are old would [stop] to be a matter of concern .

If this notion of integration were developed within our total society , the mentally handicapped would cease to be regarded as a race apart .
if this notion of integration were developed within our total society , the mentally handicapped would [stop] to be regarded as a race apart .

In the course of time , this contact will cease to have special significance , and the mentally handicapped child will just be another child .
in the course of time , this contact will [stop] to have special significance , and the mentally handicapped child will just be another child .

Whereas young men as a matter of course would study the classics , women would be instructed in painting , music , dancing , modern languages , or other accomplishments , but rarely would they be expected to achieve real competence Indeed , a learned woman was likely to experience difficulty finding a husband , and education might cease to be any advantage .
whereas young men as a matter of course would study the classics , women would be instructed in painting , music , dancing , modern languages , or other accomplishments , but rarely would they be expected to achieve real competence indeed , a learned woman was likely to experience difficulty finding a husband , and education might [stop] to be any advantage .

Then cease , Diracto , stay thy desp'rate Hand ;
then [stop] , diracto , stay thy desp'rate hand ;

People cease to cough or sniff or shuffle their feet .
people [stop] to cough or sniff or shuffle their feet .

The pressures that force these two processes do not cease after a national liberation movement attains power .
the pressures that force these two processes do not [stop] after a national liberation movement attains power .

The Picts could see for themselves the benefits and in doing so , the Romans hoped , would cease their war-like activities and come to heel .
the picts could see for themselves the benefits and in doing so , the romans hoped , would [stop] their war-like activities and come to heel .

When cells leave the basal layer they cease to divide and begin to mature into the tough dead cells that cover the surface .
when cells leave the basal layer they [stop] to divide and begin to mature into the tough dead cells that cover the surface .

Once the cells leave this position they cease to be stem cells and are committed to a pathway leading to maturation and death .
once the cells leave this position they [stop] to be stem cells and are committed to a pathway leading to maturation and death .

This did they thinking that he would be dismayed and turn back : but the Moor did not cease to advance , notwithstanding this letter .
this did they thinking that he would be dismayed and turn back : but the moor did not [stop] to advance , notwithstanding this letter .

Furthermore , he proclaimed that he would one day rule again over the Roman Empire , that he would vex dishonest priests , and that he would not cease from battle until the Holy Land was delivered into Christian hands .
furthermore , he proclaimed that he would one day rule again over the roman empire , that he would vex dishonest priests , and that he would not [stop] from battle until the holy land was delivered into christian hands .

Can we be sure that doctors will not continue to force treatment on a patient who has said ‘ Enough ’ , yet not cease treatment or hasten death too soon ? No doubt the good doctor will always do the right thing , but can what the right thing is be stipulated in advance or written down ? The doctor has to make choices , and choices should involve principles . Here we meet a central theme : ca n't we demand that the doctor set out the principles on which he acts for all to see ? Is it enough for society in general or the patient in particular to leave decisions over life and death to the doctor ? What for example , do we do if we , as relatives or patients , meet the rare case when a doctor is not a good doctor ? Should society ask for guidelines ? And if so , can satisfactory guidelines or rules , whether in the form of ethics or law , ever be worked out ?
can we be sure that doctors will not continue to force treatment on a patient who has said ‘ enough ’ , yet not [stop] treatment or hasten death too soon ? no doubt the good doctor will always do the right thing , but can what the right thing is be stipulated in advance or written down ? the doctor has to make choices , and choices should involve principles . here we meet a central theme : ca n't we demand that the doctor set out the principles on which he acts for all to see ? is it enough for society in general or the patient in particular to leave decisions over life and death to the doctor ? what for example , do we do if we , as relatives or patients , meet the rare case when a doctor is not a good doctor ? should society ask for guidelines ? and if so , can satisfactory guidelines or rules , whether in the form of ethics or law , ever be worked out ?

The second implicit proposition is that the diagnosis of a terminal illness does not mean that the doctor 's obligations to his patient cease .
the second implicit proposition is that the diagnosis of a terminal illness does not mean that the doctor 's obligations to his patient [stop] .

Subtitled How The World Will Change In The Depression Of The 1990s , its central hypothesis is that we are headed for a major depression , that deflation will return , that property prices will collapse by two-thirds , that Islam will pour into the power vacuum left by communism , that taxes will soar , that many major corporations will cease to exist , that anyone wealthy enough will flee big cities and away from the gangs controlling them , that countries like India , Canada , South Africa and Israel will fall to bits , that there will be plagues of locusts and frogs and that firstborn sons ought to head for the hills while they 've got the chance .
subtitled how the world will change in the depression of the 1990s , its central hypothesis is that we are headed for a major depression , that deflation will return , that property prices will collapse by two-thirds , that islam will pour into the power vacuum left by communism , that taxes will soar , that many major corporations will [stop] to exist , that anyone wealthy enough will flee big cities and away from the gangs controlling them , that countries like india , canada , south africa and israel will fall to bits , that there will be plagues of locusts and frogs and that firstborn sons ought to head for the hills while they 've got the chance .

Most toddlers experience a severe shaking of the foundations when the next child is born and they cease to be the baby .
most toddlers experience a severe shaking of the foundations when the next child is born and they [stop] to be the baby .

In a hyperinflation , the price level rises so rapidly that money very quickly becomes almost worthless and people with savings in monetary form find that their money holdings cease to have any real value .
in a hyperinflation , the price level rises so rapidly that money very quickly becomes almost worthless and people with savings in monetary form find that their money holdings [stop] to have any real value .

In case any such revolution should unseat its ruling class , the German leaders were prepared to cease hostilities against their external enemies in order to concentrate on defeating their internal enemies .
in case any such revolution should unseat its ruling class , the german leaders were prepared to [stop] hostilities against their external enemies in order to concentrate on defeating their internal enemies .

During the summer months , the times of reproduction , there is ample food available to sustain the increased need , but when winter comes not only does food cease to be so readily available here , there and everywhere but the intake itself has to be much more varied .
during the summer months , the times of reproduction , there is ample food available to sustain the increased need , but when winter comes not only does food [stop] to be so readily available here , there and everywhere but the intake itself has to be much more varied .

Critics of aromatherapy have pointed out that the sense of smell becomes quickly exhausted as the olfactory cells in the nose soon become saturated and cease to detect the aroma , so the effects of aromatherapy can only be short-lived .
critics of aromatherapy have pointed out that the sense of smell becomes quickly exhausted as the olfactory cells in the nose soon become saturated and [stop] to detect the aroma , so the effects of aromatherapy can only be short-lived .

When you have noted the area where the bream cease to roll and do not appear again in the immediate vicinity , the terminal point will be a few yards further along in the direction they were travelling .
when you have noted the area where the bream [stop] to roll and do not appear again in the immediate vicinity , the terminal point will be a few yards further along in the direction they were travelling .

If you see that they cease rolling and then begin rolling again some yards away in a different direction , then the area between the change is the turning point .
if you see that they [stop] rolling and then begin rolling again some yards away in a different direction , then the area between the change is the turning point .

It is not simply a matter of firing a dozen or so casters into the swim every few minutes ; it is a case of knowing just when to step up the feed , when to slow it down , and when to cease feeding altogether .
it is not simply a matter of firing a dozen or so casters into the swim every few minutes ; it is a case of knowing just when to step up the feed , when to slow it down , and when to [stop] feeding altogether .

The law provides that if a member of a local authority fails throughout a period of six consecutive months to attend any meeting of the local authority he shall , unless the failure was due to some reason approved by the local authority before the expiry of that period , cease to be a member of the authority .
the law provides that if a member of a local authority fails throughout a period of six consecutive months to attend any meeting of the local authority he shall , unless the failure was due to some reason approved by the local authority before the expiry of that period , [stop] to be a member of the authority .

It does not mean , however , that he should not exercise his franchise and vote as he wishes at local government elections , but he should not be a party man otherwise his advice might be regarded as being tainted and the council as a whole , in the end , would cease to have confidence in his advice .
it does not mean , however , that he should not exercise his franchise and vote as he wishes at local government elections , but he should not be a party man otherwise his advice might be regarded as being tainted and the council as a whole , in the end , would [stop] to have confidence in his advice .

Although it was originally intended that entitlement to the allowance would cease at 65 , the upper age limit for payment has been extended twice , most recently by the 1989 Social Security Act , when it was changed from 75 to 80 .
although it was originally intended that entitlement to the allowance would [stop] at 65 , the upper age limit for payment has been extended twice , most recently by the 1989 social security act , when it was changed from 75 to 80 .

We shall not cease from exploration ’ .
we shall not [stop] from exploration ’ .

The case study devised by East Anglia area in Figure 6.4 shows how imaginative such training can be , although the area has now had to cease management committee training through lack of funds .
the case study devised by east anglia area in figure 6.4 shows how imaginative such training can be , although the area has now had to [stop] management committee training through lack of funds .

Within a relatively short time period no further hydrocarbon-producing reactions would take place and gas generation would cease .
within a relatively short time period no further hydrocarbon-producing reactions would take place and gas generation would [stop] .

It would be niggling to say that where a writer has used assistants his data cease to be primary , but it would also be foolish to ignore the fact that the more people there are involved in a project , the more opportunities there are for errors to creep in .
it would be niggling to say that where a writer has used assistants his data [stop] to be primary , but it would also be foolish to ignore the fact that the more people there are involved in a project , the more opportunities there are for errors to creep in .

The individual interview situations will cease to be case studies and will become units of a sample .
the individual interview situations will [stop] to be case studies and will become units of a sample .

Have the courage to make up your mind , cease this pretence and be true to yourself .
have the courage to make up your mind , [stop] this pretence and be true to yourself .

How , you may ask , can you cease being a pawn ?
how , you may ask , can you [stop] being a pawn ?

Staleness can set in , so that one partner or both cease to be inventive , settle for the familiar and thus fail to move the partnership along .
staleness can set in , so that one partner or both [stop] to be inventive , settle for the familiar and thus fail to move the partnership along .

As a result , s.107 of the public Health Act 1936 decreed that any order , in any area , declaring the trade of fish frying to be an offensive trade , should cease to have effect three years from the date of commencement of that Act ( October 1937 ) , and the trade of fish-frying was instead subjected to control by byelaws made under s.108 ( 1 ) of that Act , in order to prevent any noxious or injurious effects of the trade or business on the neighbourhood .
as a result , s.107 of the public health act 1936 decreed that any order , in any area , declaring the trade of fish frying to be an offensive trade , should [stop] to have effect three years from the date of commencement of that act ( october 1937 ) , and the trade of fish-frying was instead subjected to control by byelaws made under s.108 ( 1 ) of that act , in order to prevent any noxious or injurious effects of the trade or business on the neighbourhood .

Despite the immense firing power of the city , they had to cease relying on simple blockade and long-range cannon .
despite the immense firing power of the city , they had to [stop] relying on simple blockade and long-range cannon .

Built at 9am ( unless if ‘ it be Full Sea , the Service shall cease ’ ) it had to withstand three tides .
built at 9am ( unless if ‘ it be full sea , the service shall [stop] ’ ) it had to withstand three tides .

This may only cease on withdrawal of the drug .
this may only [stop] on withdrawal of the drug .

The intense involvement which can soon develop makes programming one of those rather rare activities in which time can cease to exist and the passage of hours goes by unnoticed .
the intense involvement which can soon develop makes programming one of those rather rare activities in which time can [stop] to exist and the passage of hours goes by unnoticed .

But soon his frequent visits to the brewery had to cease .
but soon his frequent visits to the brewery had to [stop] .

However , as the nervous system develops and the distances that must be crossed become greater , the tracks traced by individual nerve cell processes become increasingly elaborate , and cease to follow single pioneer pathways .
however , as the nervous system develops and the distances that must be crossed become greater , the tracks traced by individual nerve cell processes become increasingly elaborate , and [stop] to follow single pioneer pathways .

The harvest of young harp seals , for example , will probably soon cease completely ; and although a total moratorium on whaling has not yet been achieved , it at least now seems in sight .
the harvest of young harp seals , for example , will probably soon [stop] completely ; and although a total moratorium on whaling has not yet been achieved , it at least now seems in sight .

If the victim is not edible the reptile quickly slithers away into hiding , but if it is a suitable prey it simply sits back and waits for the animal 's agonies to cease .
if the victim is not edible the reptile quickly slithers away into hiding , but if it is a suitable prey it simply sits back and waits for the animal 's agonies to [stop] .

Even when both decide that sex is no longer a necessary ingredient of the marriage , close physical contact should not cease .
even when both decide that sex is no longer a necessary ingredient of the marriage , close physical contact should not [stop] .

This strengthening will reach a point whereat that dawning faith will cease to be the questionable link in the chain .
this strengthening will reach a point whereat that dawning faith will [stop] to be the questionable link in the chain .

They can issue an Enforcement Notice to cease an unauthorised use or remove an offending development and in the latter case , once the Enforcement Notice has been issued they can also make a Stop Notice which requires all work to cease in a short period , often seven days , until the Enforcement Notice is confirmed or quashed .
they can issue an enforcement notice to [stop] an unauthorised use or remove an offending development and in the latter case , once the enforcement notice has been issued they can also make a stop notice which requires all work to [stop] in a short period , often seven days , until the enforcement notice is confirmed or quashed .

They belong to the countryside and were they to be evicted the countryside itself would cease to exist .
they belong to the countryside and were they to be evicted the countryside itself would [stop] to exist .

It is sometimes advantageous to cease continually pushing onwards ; by stopping one has time to relax and see what otherwise would have been missed , the colours of the machair , wild poppies , buttercups , clovers , yellow rattle , eyebrights and even common ragwort , a visit to Northton , the smell of peat fires , a silent deserted main street , an antiquated petrol pump , a seized up old tractor , overgrown gardens , derelict corrugated iron roofed buildings and one shop that was a shop no more , signs suggestive of better , more affluent times .
it is sometimes advantageous to [stop] continually pushing onwards ; by stopping one has time to relax and see what otherwise would have been missed , the colours of the machair , wild poppies , buttercups , clovers , yellow rattle , eyebrights and even common ragwort , a visit to northton , the smell of peat fires , a silent deserted main street , an antiquated petrol pump , a seized up old tractor , overgrown gardens , derelict corrugated iron roofed buildings and one shop that was a shop no more , signs suggestive of better , more affluent times .

Unfortunately for the advertising industry the shift of expenditure is unlikely to reverse . After all , why should the board cease to expect proof of the impact of their media spending once the recession is over ?
unfortunately for the advertising industry the shift of expenditure is unlikely to reverse . after all , why should the board [stop] to expect proof of the impact of their media spending once the recession is over ?

From April 1988 the supplementary pension system will cease to exist and will be replaced by income support .
from april 1988 the supplementary pension system will [stop] to exist and will be replaced by income support .

He saw a certain level of crime as functional from the point of view of social order , but beyond that level it would cease to be functional and become dangerous or pathological .
he saw a certain level of crime as functional from the point of view of social order , but beyond that level it would [stop] to be functional and become dangerous or pathological .

‘ Then that will have to cease , at least until this emergency passes . ’
‘ then that will have to [stop] , at least until this emergency passes . ’

Individual hands contained all kinds of more or less cursive elements , but the hands themselves cease to be worth classifying except by the dedicated palaeographer , pursuing studies or hypotheses in great detail .
individual hands contained all kinds of more or less cursive elements , but the hands themselves [stop] to be worth classifying except by the dedicated palaeographer , pursuing studies or hypotheses in great detail .

Although death-squad activities became less widespread during the period of President Duarte 's government in the mid-1980s , they did not cease entirely .
although death-squad activities became less widespread during the period of president duarte 's government in the mid-1980s , they did not [stop] entirely .

These principles should n't be forgotten or cease to be put into effect simply because your child is becoming a young adult .
these principles should n't be forgotten or [stop] to be put into effect simply because your child is becoming a young adult .

He argued that enterprise zones should be established in which detailed planning controls would cease to exist , certain legal obligations on employers such as employment protection legislation would no longer apply , various taxes would not be levied and the overall management of zones would be undertaken not by local authorities but by some other agency .
he argued that enterprise zones should be established in which detailed planning controls would [stop] to exist , certain legal obligations on employers such as employment protection legislation would no longer apply , various taxes would not be levied and the overall management of zones would be undertaken not by local authorities but by some other agency .

The effect of this when it is accepted is very far reaching because the more an idea is tested the more it is validated and criticism becomes not a threat but an opportunity to strengthen the idea ; and what is more important scientists cease to have the same proprietorial attitude towards in idea .
the effect of this when it is accepted is very far reaching because the more an idea is tested the more it is validated and criticism becomes not a threat but an opportunity to strengthen the idea ; and what is more important scientists [stop] to have the same proprietorial attitude towards in idea .

Enthusiasm is closely linked with interest , for it is only when things cease to interest us that we lose enthusiasm .
enthusiasm is closely linked with interest , for it is only when things [stop] to interest us that we lose enthusiasm .

Without this intelligence the body would rapidly cease to exist .
without this intelligence the body would rapidly [stop] to exist .

There is likely to be much coughing , though not always and the coughing may cease .
there is likely to be much coughing , though not always and the coughing may [stop] .

I never cease to be amazed that legal scholars , particularly in the United States , continue to be confused about the relevance of the framers ’ original intent .
i never [stop] to be amazed that legal scholars , particularly in the united states , continue to be confused about the relevance of the framers ’ original intent .

Unjust private relationships do not cease existing just because one declares them not to exist .
unjust private relationships do not [stop] existing just because one declares them not to exist .

Just off the carrer del Call , at carrer de Marlet , 1 , a medieval inscription in Hebrew marks the site of a hospital founded by one “ Rabbi Samuel Hassareri , may his life never cease . ”
just off the carrer del call , at carrer de marlet , 1 , a medieval inscription in hebrew marks the site of a hospital founded by one “ rabbi samuel hassareri , may his life never [stop] . ”

LSC has advised us , furthermore , that upon determining a question of statutory validity is present in any anticipated or pending case or controversy , the LSC-funded attorney must cease the representation at once .
lsc has advised us , furthermore , that upon determining a question of statutory validity is present in any anticipated or pending case or controversy , the lsc-funded attorney must [stop] the representation at once .

At the same time that LSC was launching its state planning initiative , Congress required LSC to cease funding its grantees `` presumptively '' and to begin to fund programs on a competitive basis .
at the same time that lsc was launching its state planning initiative , congress required lsc to [stop] funding its grantees `` presumptively '' and to begin to fund programs on a competitive basis .

Likewise , if a forbidden claim arises unexpectedly at trial , `` LSC-funded attorney [ s ] must cease the representation at once , '' ante , at 10 .
likewise , if a forbidden claim arises unexpectedly at trial , `` lsc-funded attorney [ s ] must [stop] the representation at once , '' ante , at 10 .

Under any foreseeable circumstances , universal delivery would not cease .
under any foreseeable circumstances , universal delivery would not [stop] .

CIA leadership has to decide which it is and cease these bi-polar mood swings . ''
cia leadership has to decide which it is and [stop] these bi-polar mood swings . ''

They may eventually cease to be who they were , instead becoming a unitary “ person with an illness ” or—more damning—an “ ill person , ” a thing in which personhood and illness have completely fused .
they may eventually [stop] to be who they were , instead becoming a unitary “ person with an illness ” or—more damning—an “ ill person , ” a thing in which personhood and illness have completely fused .

Ending , of course , that he will not cease from Mental Fight until `` we have built Jerusalem in England 's green and pleasant Land . ''
ending , of course , that he will not [stop] from mental fight until `` we have built jerusalem in england 's green and pleasant land . ''

When we forget this principle , or cease to accept it , it is not just our language that begins to fray at the edges .
when we forget this principle , or [stop] to accept it , it is not just our language that begins to fray at the edges .

Even if these old battles somehow were to cease to seem relevant , which they might to a generation raised in a world without communism , it is hard to imagine a revival of interest in the kind of democratic-socialist program Rorty sees as the essence of national betterment .
even if these old battles somehow were to [stop] to seem relevant , which they might to a generation raised in a world without communism , it is hard to imagine a revival of interest in the kind of democratic-socialist program rorty sees as the essence of national betterment .

The Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe should press Russia to cease fire and grant Chechnya autonomy .
the organization for security and cooperation in europe should press russia to [stop] fire and grant chechnya autonomy .

It has everything from the cease and desist letter to any articles remote to the subject .
it has everything from the [stop] and desist letter to any articles remote to the subject .

Lucky audiences who caught Superstar : The Karen Carpenter Story ( it was shelved when Richard Carpenter served the producers with an order to cease and desist exhibition ) began by laughing at this elaborately posed , soft-rock femme , only to discover by the climax that the cultural forces that were eating at her ( and that kept her from eating ) had grown heartbreakingly palpable .
lucky audiences who caught superstar : the karen carpenter story ( it was shelved when richard carpenter served the producers with an order to [stop] and desist exhibition ) began by laughing at this elaborately posed , soft-rock femme , only to discover by the climax that the cultural forces that were eating at her ( and that kept her from eating ) had grown heartbreakingly palpable .

In which case , the legislature should cease and desist and let the government go on . ''
in which case , the legislature should [stop] and desist and let the government go on . ''

A piece urges the media to cease their negative portrayal of Asian-Americans .
a piece urges the media to [stop] their negative portrayal of asian-americans .

In the spirit of equal opportunity , Pinsky has decided to cease discriminating against poets who suffer the ultimate disability of being deceased .
in the spirit of equal opportunity , pinsky has decided to [stop] discriminating against poets who suffer the ultimate disability of being deceased .

To that end , Mrs. [ Jean ] Kennedy Smith should cease to serve as her country 's Ambassador to the Republic of Ireland . ''
to that end , mrs. [ jean ] kennedy smith should [stop] to serve as her country 's ambassador to the republic of ireland . ''

Although these papers and the LAT all communicate the same basic facts about yesterday 's events -- that Arafat responded to Albright 's demands by promising full cooperation in the fight against anti-Israeli terrorism and that Netanyahu was very cool toward her entreaties to him to cease land confiscations , home demolitions , settlement building , confiscation of IDs and the embargoing of tax revenues belonging to the Palestinian authority -- their headlines differ in what they emphasize .
although these papers and the lat all communicate the same basic facts about yesterday 's events -- that arafat responded to albright 's demands by promising full cooperation in the fight against anti-israeli terrorism and that netanyahu was very cool toward her entreaties to him to [stop] land confiscations , home demolitions , settlement building , confiscation of ids and the embargoing of tax revenues belonging to the palestinian authority -- their headlines differ in what they emphasize .

Instead of threatening `` serious consequences '' if Iraq does n't cease its interference with the operations of U.N. weapons inspection teams , it merely refers to possible `` further measures . ''
instead of threatening `` serious consequences '' if iraq does n't [stop] its interference with the operations of u.n. weapons inspection teams , it merely refers to possible `` further measures . ''

The LAT emphasizes instead Netanyahu 's resistance , saying that he `` rebuffed '' Albright 's `` appeal to cease economic restrictions to encourage the Palestinian Authority to crack down on terrorism . ''
the lat emphasizes instead netanyahu 's resistance , saying that he `` rebuffed '' albright 's `` appeal to [stop] economic restrictions to encourage the palestinian authority to crack down on terrorism . ''

In that famous poem , Keats rubs autumn with the balm of his moistened language : `` Season of mists and mellow fruitfulness , / Close bosom-friend of the maturing sun ... '' Keats celebrates an autumn so deliciously warm that the bees have been fooled into thinking it is still summer : `` Until they think warm days will never cease , / For Summer has o'er-brimmed their clammy cells . ''
in that famous poem , keats rubs autumn with the balm of his moistened language : `` season of mists and mellow fruitfulness , / close bosom-friend of the maturing sun ... '' keats celebrates an autumn so deliciously warm that the bees have been fooled into thinking it is still summer : `` until they think warm days will never [stop] , / for summer has o'er-brimmed their clammy cells . ''

A page later , this has hardened into a certainty that the bees `` are a reminder of the miserable facts of labor that Keats had condemned during his walking tour in Scotland ... '' Keats describes the bees ' labor as a gentle delusion ( `` they think warm days will never cease '' ) .
a page later , this has hardened into a certainty that the bees `` are a reminder of the miserable facts of labor that keats had condemned during his walking tour in scotland ... '' keats describes the bees ' labor as a gentle delusion ( `` they think warm days will never [stop] '' ) .

And `` Ode to a Nightingale , '' which meditates on suicide , is an elegy for himself : `` More than ever seems it rich to die , / To cease upon the midnight with no pain . ''
and `` ode to a nightingale , '' which meditates on suicide , is an elegy for himself : `` more than ever seems it rich to die , / to [stop] upon the midnight with no pain . ''

A Forbes press release added , `` Forbes Calls on Bush To Cease 'Politics of Personal Destruction ' Against Senator John McCain . ''
a forbes press release added , `` forbes calls on bush to [stop] 'politics of personal destruction ' against senator john mccain . ''

If they do n't figure out a way to quickly appeal to aging boomers , they will cease to be a potent lobbying force in Washington .
if they do n't figure out a way to quickly appeal to aging boomers , they will [stop] to be a potent lobbying force in washington .

Just because we 've failed to think clearly about what character involves does n't mean we should cease to think about it .
just because we 've failed to think clearly about what character involves does n't mean we should [stop] to think about it .

He has not resolution to cease from his accustomed tasks .
he has not resolution to [stop] from his accustomed tasks .

Banks not heeding this `` imperative '' are subject to cease and desist orders and to financial penalties of thousands or millions of dollars .
banks not heeding this `` imperative '' are subject to [stop] and desist orders and to financial penalties of thousands or millions of dollars .

These religions typically hold out the prospect of an end to suffering , either for individuals or for the species , although they then cease to be humans .
these religions typically hold out the prospect of an end to suffering , either for individuals or for the species , although they then [stop] to be humans .

After a judge ordered him to cease filing bogus liens , he continued and was found in contempt of court .
after a judge ordered him to [stop] filing bogus liens , he continued and was found in contempt of court .

In such a case , words would cease , to a degree , to be a medium for the exchange of thought .
in such a case , words would [stop] , to a degree , to be a medium for the exchange of thought .

The companies will also cease most outdoor advertising .
the companies will also [stop] most outdoor advertising .

About 30 years ago , it seemed Irish-Americans would cease to identify strongly as Irish-Americans .
about 30 years ago , it seemed irish-americans would [stop] to identify strongly as irish-americans .

Like yourself , I have reservations about objets trouvés : I do n't think they become aesthetic simply because they cease to be functional .
like yourself , i have reservations about objets trouvés : i do n't think they become aesthetic simply because they [stop] to be functional .

They will never cease to repeat that Ox is a “ corruption ” of Ouse , or Ose , or Usk , or something else that is completely ridiculous .
they will never [stop] to repeat that ox is a “ corruption ” of ouse , or ose , or usk , or something else that is completely ridiculous .

There is much previously unrecorded material : button up ` cease betting , or lower one 's stakes considerably when one is winning ' ; kipping ` masturbating ' ; sappho term of endearment used between lesbians , hence derisively addressed to passive homosexuals .
there is much previously unrecorded material : button up ` [stop] betting , or lower one 's stakes considerably when one is winning ' ; kipping ` masturbating ' ; sappho term of endearment used between lesbians , hence derisively addressed to passive homosexuals .

