# label, stand-in, choose, select
# his designate -> his stand-in

This is not to attempt to say what spirit is , but only to employ a commonly used word to designate or simply identify a common experience .
this is not to attempt to say what spirit is , but only to employ a commonly used word to [choose/select] or simply identify a common experience .

He prefers to designate such schools as `` general '' high schools .
he prefers to [choose/select] such schools as `` general '' high schools .

The Secretary , Department of Economic Affairs , or his designate , will act for the Government of India , and the President of the Export-Import Bank of Washington , or his designate , will act for the Export-Import Bank of Washington .
the secretary , department of economic affairs , or his [choose/select] , will act for the government of india , and the president of the export-import bank of washington , or his [choose/select] , will act for the export-import bank of washington .

Verbal and adverbial elements too participated in each epic diction , but it is for the present sufficient to mark the large nominal and adjectival supply of semantic near-equivalents , and to designate the members of any system of equivalents as basic formulas of the poetic language .
verbal and adverbial elements too participated in each epic diction , but it is for the present sufficient to mark the large nominal and adjectival supply of semantic near-equivalents , and to [choose/select] the members of any system of equivalents as basic formulas of the poetic language .

He said one possibility was to designate a public room outside the garden of remembrance where such memorials could be placed .
he said one possibility was to [choose/select] a public room outside the garden of remembrance where such memorials could be placed .

Well , up until we 'd received this letter from er the new chairman designate , er Bob Reid , not seriously at all .
well , up until we 'd received this letter from er the new chairman [choose/select] , er bob reid , not seriously at all .

The principle of satyāgraha existed before the term was coined , and it was because Gandhi was dissatisfied with the phrase ‘ passive resistance ’ that he felt the need for a more suitable and more accurate term to designate and describe the principle he was propounding .
the principle of satyāgraha existed before the term was coined , and it was because gandhi was dissatisfied with the phrase ‘ passive resistance ’ that he felt the need for a more suitable and more accurate term to [choose/select] and describe the principle he was propounding .

Lutyens and his friends , among them Sir Lawrence Weaver , Director Designate of the United Kingdom exhibits at the exhibition , quickly realised that the building of the dolls ' house could easily be integrated into this project , and would be an invaluable advertisement to promote the names and products of the top British designers , craftsmen and artists of the time .
lutyens and his friends , among them sir lawrence weaver , director [choose/select] of the united kingdom exhibits at the exhibition , quickly realised that the building of the dolls ' house could easily be integrated into this project , and would be an invaluable advertisement to promote the names and products of the top british designers , craftsmen and artists of the time .

Contemporary science is able to designate itself , through its revolutionary discoveries , as a liquidation of a past .
contemporary science is able to [choose/select] itself , through its revolutionary discoveries , as a liquidation of a past .

The generic label ‘ poststructuralist ’ is here useful merely as a shorthand to designate those contemporary writers who share not a hostility to history as such but a distrust of simple historicisms .
the generic label ‘ poststructuralist ’ is here useful merely as a shorthand to [choose/select] those contemporary writers who share not a hostility to history as such but a distrust of simple historicisms .

head teachers designate a deputy as staff tutor with overall responsibilities for staff development within the school
head teachers [choose/select] a deputy as staff tutor with overall responsibilities for staff development within the school

( For example , the logically equivalent ‘ y over x ’ and ‘ x under y ’ are not psychologically equivalent : the first term in the relation should designate the thing whose location is to be determined , while the second should represent the immobile landmark that can be used to determine it . )
( for example , the logically equivalent ‘ y over x ’ and ‘ x under y ’ are not psychologically equivalent : the first term in the relation should [choose/select] the thing whose location is to be determined , while the second should represent the immobile landmark that can be used to determine it . )

An awareness of these pitfalls has encouraged Braudel 's successors to use the notion of the longue durée in a comparatively narrow sense to designate stable features of the environment which can be seen to constrain social conjonctures .
an awareness of these pitfalls has encouraged braudel 's successors to use the notion of the longue durée in a comparatively narrow sense to [choose/select] stable features of the environment which can be seen to constrain social conjonctures .

In this book , diagnosis will be used in the traditional medical sense : to designate a process of classification on the basis of presumed causes .
in this book , diagnosis will be used in the traditional medical sense : to [choose/select] a process of classification on the basis of presumed causes .

When seen over the head of a Naga they designate his rank or position within the Naga hierarchy depending upon his degree of spiritual attainment .
when seen over the head of a naga they [choose/select] his rank or position within the naga hierarchy depending upon his degree of spiritual attainment .

‘ Companies have taken out a tier of management to save money , appointing financial controllers as directors designate , ’ warns Mr Austin .
‘ companies have taken out a tier of management to save money , appointing financial controllers as directors [choose/select] , ’ warns mr austin .

Not only did it designate the nature and appearance of crime , but it also reappeared as causally implicated : in both classical criminology and the new deviance perspective , the amount of crime was primarily a function of the operations of the criminal justice system .
not only did it [choose/select] the nature and appearance of crime , but it also reappeared as causally implicated : in both classical criminology and the new deviance perspective , the amount of crime was primarily a function of the operations of the criminal justice system .

To suppose that we have to choose between mentalism and behaviourism is like saying that we have to choose between saying that the words ‘ trump ’ and ‘ revoke ’ designate feelings of triumph and embarrassment , and saying that they designate triumphant and embarrassed behaviour .
to suppose that we have to choose between mentalism and behaviourism is like saying that we have to choose between saying that the words ‘ trump ’ and ‘ revoke ’ [choose/select] feelings of triumph and embarrassment , and saying that they [choose/select] triumphant and embarrassed behaviour .

Dean designate of the Academy in Berlin , Mansbach summarised the circumstances leading to the creation of the centre and its goals : ‘ Despite four decades of close relations with the Federal Republic of Germany and cooperation in many academic fields , there is no American research institution in Germany or Austria , while academic contact with former East Germany and Eastern Europe is at a formative stage .
dean [choose/select] of the academy in berlin , mansbach summarised the circumstances leading to the creation of the centre and its goals : ‘ despite four decades of close relations with the federal republic of germany and cooperation in many academic fields , there is no american research institution in germany or austria , while academic contact with former east germany and eastern europe is at a formative stage .

And Panofsky added : ‘ Should someone decide , for the sake of convenience , to designate the sum total of such characteristics as ‘ cathood ’ and ‘ doghood ’ , it would do violence to the English language , but not to method ’ .
and panofsky added : ‘ should someone decide , for the sake of convenience , to [choose/select] the sum total of such characteristics as ‘ cathood ’ and ‘ doghood ’ , it would do violence to the english language , but not to method ’ .

It is a good idea to designate part of the lost for this , and to lay boarding on top of the insulation to provide a firm , safe storage platform within easy reach , safe storage platform within easy reach of the loft hatch opening .
it is a good idea to [choose/select] part of the lost for this , and to lay boarding on top of the insulation to provide a firm , safe storage platform within easy reach , safe storage platform within easy reach of the loft hatch opening .

One justification , therefore , for using ‘ race ’ and sex as significant divisions is that these designate important cultural differences as educationally relevant .
one justification , therefore , for using ‘ race ’ and sex as significant divisions is that these [choose/select] important cultural differences as educationally relevant .

Although this interest in pseudo-historical connections was Morgan 's primary concern , he was also one of the first anthropologists to understand that the names used to designate relatives are not simply determined by linguistic rules without reference to social factors ; kinship terms have an important social dimension , since relatives grouped together and called by the same term exhibit , at least in certain respects , shared patterns of behaviour .
although this interest in pseudo-historical connections was morgan 's primary concern , he was also one of the first anthropologists to understand that the names used to [choose/select] relatives are not simply determined by linguistic rules without reference to social factors ; kinship terms have an important social dimension , since relatives grouped together and called by the same term exhibit , at least in certain respects , shared patterns of behaviour .

And an additional problem for relatives is that while it may be a relief to designate mental disorder as ‘ illness ’ , this may be deeply resented by the individual concerned .
and an additional problem for relatives is that while it may be a relief to [choose/select] mental disorder as ‘ illness ’ , this may be deeply resented by the individual concerned .

The broad pluralist term was then especially important in the nineteenth-century development of comparative anthropology , where it has continued to designate a whole and distinctive way of life .
the broad pluralist term was then especially important in the nineteenth-century development of comparative anthropology , where it has continued to [choose/select] a whole and distinctive way of life .

For all practical purposes we can designate such relations in the earliest productive modes as wholly symmetrical .
for all practical purposes we can [choose/select] such relations in the earliest productive modes as wholly symmetrical .

Following the Dower and Hobhouse Reports , the National Parks and Access to the Countryside Act 1949 was passed and the National Parks Commission set up to designate suitable extensive areas of land of national scenic importance as ‘ national parks ’ .
following the dower and hobhouse reports , the national parks and access to the countryside act 1949 was passed and the national parks commission set up to [choose/select] suitable extensive areas of land of national scenic importance as ‘ national parks ’ .

‘ If we keep labour alone in view , we may designate the division of social production into its main general such as agriculture , industry , etc .
‘ if we keep labour alone in view , we may [choose/select] the division of social production into its main general such as agriculture , industry , etc .

Finally , we may designate the division of labour within the workshops as division of labour in detail ’ ( Marx , 1976 , p. 471 — emphasis added ) .
finally , we may [choose/select] the division of labour within the workshops as division of labour in detail ’ ( marx , 1976 , p. 471 — emphasis added ) .

At this stage the prime role of precious substances was to designate ethnic identity and grade individuals in terms of age and sex .
at this stage the prime role of precious substances was to [choose/select] ethnic identity and grade individuals in terms of age and sex .

14 ) and the afore-mentioned zong came to designate heaven and earth , but it is not known whether this was their original meaning .
14 ) and the afore-mentioned zong came to [choose/select] heaven and earth , but it is not known whether this was their original meaning .

Equally they sustain as well as designate those who discharge public functions .
equally they sustain as well as [choose/select] those who discharge public functions .

Gregory the Great found time to designate the varieties most appropriate to the different orders of the Hierarchy of Heaven — sard for Seraphim , topaz for Cherubim , jasper for Thrones , chrysolite for Dominions , onyx for Principalities , beryl for Powers , sapphire for Virtues , carbuncle for Archangels and emerald for Angels .
gregory the great found time to [choose/select] the varieties most appropriate to the different orders of the hierarchy of heaven — sard for seraphim , topaz for cherubim , jasper for thrones , chrysolite for dominions , onyx for principalities , beryl for powers , sapphire for virtues , carbuncle for archangels and emerald for angels .

Enough has been said even in this brief review to make the point that when men wished to designate sanctity or degrees of sanctity it was to the hierarchy of precious substances that they turned for appropriate symbols .
enough has been said even in this brief review to make the point that when men wished to [choose/select] sanctity or degrees of sanctity it was to the hierarchy of precious substances that they turned for appropriate symbols .

Every stage in the growing complexity of social life and in the enfranchisement of populations has emphasized the need to designate functions and grades by means of symbols .
every stage in the growing complexity of social life and in the enfranchisement of populations has emphasized the need to [choose/select] functions and grades by means of symbols .

Both names — the Latin Ragusa and the Slavonic Dubrovnik — have been used since the end of the first millennium to designate the settlement which was established on a rocky site below the limestone cliffs of Mt Srdj ( 412 m ) , facing the island of Lokrum .
both names — the latin ragusa and the slavonic dubrovnik — have been used since the end of the first millennium to [choose/select] the settlement which was established on a rocky site below the limestone cliffs of mt srdj ( 412 m ) , facing the island of lokrum .

Given that resources are limited , a screening policy , for example , should be designed to ensure that , whatever resources are available , screening is available to all and that a fair method is adopted to designate those at highest risk as screen positive and ensure that they are offered appropriate prophylactic intervention .
given that resources are limited , a screening policy , for example , should be designed to ensure that , whatever resources are available , screening is available to all and that a fair method is adopted to [choose/select] those at highest risk as screen positive and ensure that they are offered appropriate prophylactic intervention .

Language is sufficiently flexible to allow the construction of an infinite variety of singular terms which do not designate any entity .
language is sufficiently flexible to allow the construction of an infinite variety of singular terms which do not [choose/select] any entity .

What is the nature of the relationship between proper names and descriptive referential phrases that happen to designate the same objects ?
what is the nature of the relationship between proper names and descriptive referential phrases that happen to [choose/select] the same objects ?

The function of a name is to designate the common target of such descriptions .
the function of a name is to [choose/select] the common target of such descriptions .

We have here two examples not just of non-existents but of impossible existents , and the question immediately arises , how can an " impossible existent " qualify as a genuine topic of discourse ? What , if anything , is here being " talked about " ? We have used the phrases " Russell 's class " and " The greatest cardinal number " , but such phrases not only do not , but can not denote any ontological existent . Should they , then , be branded as spurious designators and banished from rational discourse ? Yet if we are not allowed to use them in contextual cross-references , how can we succeed in saying what we wish to say , namely that they do not designate any existent ?
we have here two examples not just of non-existents but of impossible existents , and the question immediately arises , how can an " impossible existent " qualify as a genuine topic of discourse ? what , if anything , is here being " talked about " ? we have used the phrases " russell 's class " and " the greatest cardinal number " , but such phrases not only do not , but can not denote any ontological existent . should they , then , be branded as spurious designators and banished from rational discourse ? yet if we are not allowed to use them in contextual cross-references , how can we succeed in saying what we wish to say , namely that they do not [choose/select] any existent ?

‘ If , for administrative reasons , you are unable to arrange for the completion of formalities to designate a separate deposit account in the name of the purchaser , I/we confirm that I/we hold the abovementioned sum on trust for the purchaser .
‘ if , for administrative reasons , you are unable to arrange for the completion of formalities to [choose/select] a separate deposit account in the name of the purchaser , i/we confirm that i/we hold the abovementioned sum on trust for the purchaser .

In October 1912 Hourcade wrote : ‘ The term ‘ Cubism ’ … means nothing if it is used to designate a school : there is no school of Cubist painting .
in october 1912 hourcade wrote : ‘ the term ‘ cubism ’ … means nothing if it is used to [choose/select] a school : there is no school of cubist painting .

In some of these cases the collaborative style was really withdrawal , and such was the tension and confusion generated by the participants claiming to be working together but not really doing so , that it would have been better to drop the pretence and designate the practice withdrawal .
in some of these cases the collaborative style was really withdrawal , and such was the tension and confusion generated by the participants claiming to be working together but not really doing so , that it would have been better to drop the pretence and [choose/select] the practice withdrawal .

But paradoxically , the phrase ‘ une absence qui signifie ’ is also used to designate her conception of herself as being without identity ( which corresponds to Freud 's characterization of femininity as a ‘ lack ’ or symbolic castration ) .
but paradoxically , the phrase ‘ une absence qui signifie ’ is also used to [choose/select] her conception of herself as being without identity ( which corresponds to freud 's characterization of femininity as a ‘ lack ’ or symbolic castration ) .

We were pleased to welcome Peter Rowe , our Director General Designate , along with Kate Beddington-Brown .
we were pleased to welcome peter rowe , our director general [choose/select] , along with kate beddington-brown .

In recent years it has become common , when the whole of the stated authorised share capital is not intended to be issued initially , to designate the unissued shares as ‘ unclassified shares .
in recent years it has become common , when the whole of the stated authorised share capital is not intended to be issued initially , to [choose/select] the unissued shares as ‘ unclassified shares .

The somewhat unwieldy title of this chapter , and the difficulty of finding a brief but accurate label to designate the offence created by section 4 reflect the fact that the section is concerned with two quite separate species of wrongdoing .
the somewhat unwieldy title of this chapter , and the difficulty of finding a brief but accurate label to [choose/select] the offence created by section 4 reflect the fact that the section is concerned with two quite separate species of wrongdoing .

Thus , if an official lower down the organisation can influence those at the top to move in a certain direction then we could designate that person a leader .
thus , if an official lower down the organisation can influence those at the top to move in a certain direction then we could [choose/select] that person a leader .

Heres , for example ( in , `` the greedy clutches of your heir `` ) , denotes something perhaps rather less cosy and familial than the English word `` heir `` ; in many contexts it suggests nothing more than a legal designate with a contractual , post-obituary option on some hapless benefactor 's goods and chattels.5 Pietas is a notoriously difficult word to render , `` piety `` being the last recourse of the weary translator ; it involves `` integrity `` , `` probity `` , `` purity `` , `` fidelity `` , `` devotion `` , `` decency `` — a complex of related moral attributes which Romans sought and recognised in the upright man .
heres , for example ( in , `` the greedy clutches of your heir `` ) , denotes something perhaps rather less cosy and familial than the english word `` heir `` ; in many contexts it suggests nothing more than a legal [choose/select] with a contractual , post-obituary option on some hapless benefactor 's goods and chattels.5 pietas is a notoriously difficult word to render , `` piety `` being the last recourse of the weary translator ; it involves `` integrity `` , `` probity `` , `` purity `` , `` fidelity `` , `` devotion `` , `` decency `` — a complex of related moral attributes which romans sought and recognised in the upright man .

It provides that the secretary of state may designate an area where he may ‘ compile and maintain a register , of land … owned by a public body ’ which , in his opinion , ‘ is not being used or not being sufficiently used ’ .
it provides that the secretary of state may [choose/select] an area where he may ‘ compile and maintain a register , of land … owned by a public body ’ which , in his opinion , ‘ is not being used or not being sufficiently used ’ .

This gave statutory recognition for the first time to the area concept , and made it a duty of local planning authorities ‘ to determine which parts of their areas are areas of special architectural or historic interest , the character of which it is desirable to preserve or enhance ’ and to designate such areas as conservation areas ' .
this gave statutory recognition for the first time to the area concept , and made it a duty of local planning authorities ‘ to determine which parts of their areas are areas of special architectural or historic interest , the character of which it is desirable to preserve or enhance ’ and to [choose/select] such areas as conservation areas ' .

It is in fact a moot point whether one would expect to be able to classify all flows as either turbulent or non-turbulent — or , equivalently , whether during transition to turbulence one should be able to designate the point at which turbulent motion begins .
it is in fact a moot point whether one would expect to be able to classify all flows as either turbulent or non-turbulent — or , equivalently , whether during transition to turbulence one should be able to [choose/select] the point at which turbulent motion begins .

9.2.4 Expert clause must designate the expert
9.2.4 expert clause must [choose/select] the expert

The draftsman should either designate in the lease the place where the advertisement may be maintained , or grant the tenant a right to maintain an advertisement in such place as may be designated from time to time by the landlord or his surveyor .
the draftsman should either [choose/select] in the lease the place where the advertisement may be maintained , or grant the tenant a right to maintain an advertisement in such place as may be designated from time to time by the landlord or his surveyor .

Under the plans , governments are obliged to designate , within the next two years , areas rich in wildlife and protected species and to file plans for their protection .
under the plans , governments are obliged to [choose/select] , within the next two years , areas rich in wildlife and protected species and to file plans for their protection .

It calls on the relevant authorities to designate as Sites of Special Scientific Interest ( SSSIs ) all remaining peat bogs with at least some primary vegetation and those damaged but with a potential for rehabilitation .
it calls on the relevant authorities to [choose/select] as sites of special scientific interest ( sssis ) all remaining peat bogs with at least some primary vegetation and those damaged but with a potential for rehabilitation .

The directive requires member states to designate sites with rare and important habitats and species , with priority given to the most threatened sites .
the directive requires member states to [choose/select] sites with rare and important habitats and species , with priority given to the most threatened sites .

Friends of the Earth commissioned Dr Derek Ratcliffe , former chief scientist of the Nature Conservancy Council , to draw up a skeleton list of 112 sites which the government should designate under the directive , including internationally rare habitats such as the lowland heaths of Dorset and the Flow Country of Caithness .
friends of the earth commissioned dr derek ratcliffe , former chief scientist of the nature conservancy council , to draw up a skeleton list of 112 sites which the government should [choose/select] under the directive , including internationally rare habitats such as the lowland heaths of dorset and the flow country of caithness .

‘ In broad outline ’ , he says , ‘ we can designate the Asiatic , the ancient , the feudal and the modern bourgeois modes of production as progressive epochs in the economic formation of society .
‘ in broad outline ’ , he says , ‘ we can [choose/select] the asiatic , the ancient , the feudal and the modern bourgeois modes of production as progressive epochs in the economic formation of society .

In the former areas the chief executive is sustained in his perennial struggle for mastery with congress by his claim to represent the nation as a whole and by the provisions of the Constitution that designate him as Commander in Chief and give him special responsibilities in international relations .
in the former areas the chief executive is sustained in his perennial struggle for mastery with congress by his claim to represent the nation as a whole and by the provisions of the constitution that [choose/select] him as commander in chief and give him special responsibilities in international relations .

The prefixes pre and post are also used to designate certain sclerites of any one of these segments and in such cases the prefixes pre , meso and meta are usually not applied .
the prefixes pre and post are also used to [choose/select] certain sclerites of any one of these segments and in such cases the prefixes pre , meso and meta are usually not applied .

Designate a set of spatulas for dispensing tissue culture chemicals only and ensure that they are cleaned after every use .
[choose/select] a set of spatulas for dispensing tissue culture chemicals only and ensure that they are cleaned after every use .

The advent of professionally trained full-time librarians is still awaited , but a number of project schools were well served by head teachers who resolved to designate and remunerate teachers for library responsibilities .
the advent of professionally trained full-time librarians is still awaited , but a number of project schools were well served by head teachers who resolved to [choose/select] and remunerate teachers for library responsibilities .

It may be in day-to-day terms that the Head will delegate responsibility and designate a `` Compact Co-ordinator `` .
it may be in day-to-day terms that the head will delegate responsibility and [choose/select] a `` compact co-ordinator `` .

Each Contracting State must designate such a Central Authority to receive requests for service coming from other Contracting States ; the expectation , borne out in practice , was that this would involve not the creation of some new agency but the designation as Central Authority for the purposes of this Convention of some existing office or ministry .
each contracting state must [choose/select] such a central authority to receive requests for service coming from other contracting states ; the expectation , borne out in practice , was that this would involve not the creation of some new agency but the designation as central authority for the purposes of this convention of some existing office or ministry .

Article 18 of the Convention , introduced at the suggestion of the United Kingdom , allows a Contracting State to designate ‘ other authorities ’ in addition to the Central Authority .
article 18 of the convention , introduced at the suggestion of the united kingdom , allows a contracting state to [choose/select] ‘ other authorities ’ in addition to the central authority .

The system was complicated by the introduction at a late stage of a further provision enabling federal states to designate more than one Central Authority ; this was done on the suggestion of the German Federal Republic ( which had previously resisted the British proposal as tending to multiply Central Authorities ) to enable expression to be given to the sovereignty of the German Länder in the field of justice , and does require the applicant to identify the Land in question .
the system was complicated by the introduction at a late stage of a further provision enabling federal states to [choose/select] more than one central authority ; this was done on the suggestion of the german federal republic ( which had previously resisted the british proposal as tending to multiply central authorities ) to enable expression to be given to the sovereignty of the german länder in the field of justice , and does require the applicant to identify the land in question .

Contracting States are to designate the authorities which consuls may approach .
contracting states are to [choose/select] the authorities which consuls may approach .

Not only does this clarify the nature of the authorities competent to issue and execute letters rogatory but it makes mandatory as between parties to the Protocol the use of Central Authorities both for the outward transmission and inward receipt of letters rogatory ; that there is an obligation to designate a Central Authority , a matter not wholly clear in the text of the Convention , is specifically provided in Article 2 of the Protocol .
not only does this clarify the nature of the authorities competent to issue and execute letters rogatory but it makes mandatory as between parties to the protocol the use of central authorities both for the outward transmission and inward receipt of letters rogatory ; that there is an obligation to [choose/select] a central authority , a matter not wholly clear in the text of the convention , is specifically provided in article 2 of the protocol .

Each Contracting State must establish a Central Authority , and there is freedom to designate additional ‘ other authorities ’ or , in the case of federal States , more than one Central Authority .
each contracting state must establish a central authority , and there is freedom to [choose/select] additional ‘ other authorities ’ or , in the case of federal states , more than one central authority .

High vaulted ceilings and historic frescoes have inspired the Fine Arts Commission to designate it an historic monument and guests feel they are living with history .
high vaulted ceilings and historic frescoes have inspired the fine arts commission to [choose/select] it an historic monument and guests feel they are living with history .

As soon as the 1966 White Paper was published , however , the Principal , six department heads and the Registrar went into a retreat in a local hotel and began the process which resulted in a development plan , the first , policy-focussed part of which appeared in December , written by the Principal and Polytechnic Director designate , Norman ( later Sir Norman ) Lindop .
as soon as the 1966 white paper was published , however , the principal , six department heads and the registrar went into a retreat in a local hotel and began the process which resulted in a development plan , the first , policy-focussed part of which appeared in december , written by the principal and polytechnic director [choose/select] , norman ( later sir norman ) lindop .

While in the fifteenth century it was rare to designate a man by the title ‘ shipowner ’ , this occupation became commoner in the sixteenth ( 100 ) .
while in the fifteenth century it was rare to [choose/select] a man by the title ‘ shipowner ’ , this occupation became commoner in the sixteenth ( 100 ) .

It is necessary to designate items as primary and secondary storage items .
it is necessary to [choose/select] items as primary and secondary storage items .

The government of Taiwan ( formerly Formosa ) is derived from that which ruled the Chinese mainland prior to the 1949 communist revolution it maintains its claim to legal jurisdiction of this lost territory and continues to designate itself as the Republic of China .
the government of taiwan ( formerly formosa ) is derived from that which ruled the chinese mainland prior to the 1949 communist revolution it maintains its claim to legal jurisdiction of this lost territory and continues to [choose/select] itself as the republic of china .

In thinking about the terms `` active `` and `` contemplative `` in medieval devotional writing , however , it is important not to confuse their use to designate outward life-styles with their designation of modes of being which enable argument about the purposes of man 's existence .
in thinking about the terms `` active `` and `` contemplative `` in medieval devotional writing , however , it is important not to confuse their use to [choose/select] outward life-styles with their designation of modes of being which enable argument about the purposes of man 's existence .

power ( potency ) impotence have their approximate equivalents everywhere and serve to designate a focus of abnormality .
power ( potency ) impotence have their approximate equivalents everywhere and serve to [choose/select] a focus of abnormality .

And he called on the Planning Office to designate ‘ Office Development Areas ’ in the north of the city in an effort to stimulate employment .
and he called on the planning office to [choose/select] ‘ office development areas ’ in the north of the city in an effort to stimulate employment .

Regularly used in connection with such occasions-and very probably the term used to designate them is the word `` honouring `` : for example , and the honouring of accession and of campaign respectively ; and for the more personal occasions , and the honouring of one 's becoming kazasker and Mufti respectively .
regularly used in connection with such occasions-and very probably the term used to [choose/select] them is the word `` honouring `` : for example , and the honouring of accession and of campaign respectively ; and for the more personal occasions , and the honouring of one 's becoming kazasker and mufti respectively .

’ The correction was gentle , the sharpness of his gaze softened by a shadow of some emotion impossible to designate .
’ the correction was gentle , the sharpness of his gaze softened by a shadow of some emotion impossible to [choose/select] .

New appointments to the Stoddard Mercia Contract Sales Force are , from left to right , Representatives : Philip Davis and Alan Jones ; Contract Director Designate : Terry Barber ; Managers : Kim Dyas and Jim Maxwell .
new appointments to the stoddard mercia contract sales force are , from left to right , representatives : philip davis and alan jones ; contract director [choose/select] : terry barber ; managers : kim dyas and jim maxwell .

Such companies often use an umbrella title such as ‘ commercial , to designate a group including a specialist marketing activity among its responsibilities .
such companies often use an umbrella title such as ‘ commercial , to [choose/select] a group including a specialist marketing activity among its responsibilities .

From her sample she recorded 1,964 separate job descriptions in the 1770s and 1780s , yet lists from the late seventeenth century designate only a few hundred .
from her sample she recorded 1,964 separate job descriptions in the 1770s and 1780s , yet lists from the late seventeenth century [choose/select] only a few hundred .

It provides that the Council may , but only by unanimity , designate certain decisions to be taken by qualified majority voting .
it provides that the council may , but only by unanimity , [choose/select] certain decisions to be taken by qualified majority voting .

aspects of an individual which we designate as making him an author are only a projection , in more or less psychologising terms , of the operations that we force texts to undergo , the connections that we make , the traits that we establish as pertinent , the continuities that we recognise , or the exclusions that we practice .
aspects of an individual which we [choose/select] as making him an author are only a projection , in more or less psychologising terms , of the operations that we force texts to undergo , the connections that we make , the traits that we establish as pertinent , the continuities that we recognise , or the exclusions that we practice .

The alphabetical notation used to designate main classes permits many of these to be included , as shown in Figure 14.5 .
the alphabetical notation used to [choose/select] main classes permits many of these to be included , as shown in figure 14.5 .

The mode of production of material life determines the general character of the social , political , and spiritual process of life … In broad outline we can designate the Asiatic , the ancient , the feudal , and the modern bourgeois modes of production as progressive epochs in the economic formation of society .
the mode of production of material life determines the general character of the social , political , and spiritual process of life … in broad outline we can [choose/select] the asiatic , the ancient , the feudal , and the modern bourgeois modes of production as progressive epochs in the economic formation of society .

The Bishop designate 's secretary received us and asked us into his presence .
the bishop [choose/select] 's secretary received us and asked us into his presence .

Hilary Frome was , after all , head boy designate .
hilary frome was , after all , head boy [choose/select] .

In the second and fourth of those cited , the nouns wine and government each designate properties which are valid for a certain entity .
in the second and fourth of those cited , the nouns wine and government each [choose/select] properties which are valid for a certain entity .

Since then , it has come to designate what is clearly perceived as a property in its own right , which , when used in an adjective , is ascribed to the accompanying noun ( or , strictly , to the entity that is its referential locus ) .
since then , it has come to [choose/select] what is clearly perceived as a property in its own right , which , when used in an adjective , is ascribed to the accompanying noun ( or , strictly , to the entity that is its referential locus ) .

It was later announced by the government that the Defence Ministry would designate locations where all private armies should hand over their weapons .
it was later announced by the government that the defence ministry would [choose/select] locations where all private armies should hand over their weapons .

The new law empowered police to designate as criminal syndicates those organizations which met certain criteria , including a proportion of convicted felons among their membership .
the new law empowered police to [choose/select] as criminal syndicates those organizations which met certain criteria , including a proportion of convicted felons among their membership .

Bush said that Iraq should designate military commanders to meet their coalition counterparts within the next 48 hours to arrange for the military aspects of the ceasefire .
bush said that iraq should [choose/select] military commanders to meet their coalition counterparts within the next 48 hours to arrange for the military aspects of the ceasefire .

To designate the support of the notion `` beautiful `` one must make the adjective incident to another word , normally a substantive , as in a beautiful painting , because the notion of `` beautiful `` itself can be said of anything that strikes the speaker as having this quality : a beautiful sunset , a beautiful house , a beautiful stallion , a beautiful thought , etc .
to [choose/select] the support of the notion `` beautiful `` one must make the adjective incident to another word , normally a substantive , as in a beautiful painting , because the notion of `` beautiful `` itself can be said of anything that strikes the speaker as having this quality : a beautiful sunset , a beautiful house , a beautiful stallion , a beautiful thought , etc .

The Middle English dialects are mainly continuations of the corresponding Old English ones , but it is convenient to designate them in some cases by different names .
the middle english dialects are mainly continuations of the corresponding old english ones , but it is convenient to [choose/select] them in some cases by different names .

Appointment of Mgr Conway as Rector Designate
appointment of mgr conway as rector [choose/select]

Conway is to be congratulated in his appointment as Rector Designate of Scotus College .
conway is to be congratulated in his appointment as rector [choose/select] of scotus college .

At present , crews typically rotate between 999 and routine work , making it difficult to designate crews for higher pay .
at present , crews typically rotate between 999 and routine work , making it difficult to [choose/select] crews for higher pay .

At present , crews typically rotate between 999 and routine work , making it difficult to designate crews for higher pay .
at present , crews typically rotate between 999 and routine work , making it difficult to [choose/select] crews for higher pay .

At present , crews typically rotate between 999 and routine work making it difficult to designate crews for higher pay .
at present , crews typically rotate between 999 and routine work making it difficult to [choose/select] crews for higher pay .

Designate yourself or a senior manager in your organisation to be responsible for seeing that the policy is applied reasonably and fairly .
[choose/select] yourself or a senior manager in your organisation to be responsible for seeing that the policy is applied reasonably and fairly .

His unusual topic gave Fry trouble with the title of his lecture : ‘ The mere fact that we have no word to designate that body of studies which the Germans call Kunstforschung — a body of studies of which the actual history of Art is only a part — is significant .
his unusual topic gave fry trouble with the title of his lecture : ‘ the mere fact that we have no word to [choose/select] that body of studies which the germans call kunstforschung — a body of studies of which the actual history of art is only a part — is significant .

Unlike the statutory listing of buildings , which is carried out by the Department of the Environment , it is local authorities that have the power to designate conservation areas .
unlike the statutory listing of buildings , which is carried out by the department of the environment , it is local authorities that have the power to [choose/select] conservation areas .

Sometimes councils are reluctant to designate conservation areas if they feel the residents will object , but on the whole this is unlikely .
sometimes councils are reluctant to [choose/select] conservation areas if they feel the residents will object , but on the whole this is unlikely .

Mr David Gee , director designate of Friends of the Earth , said the bill had already been weakened by giving big concessions to industry , especially over freedom of information to the public and scope and timetable of the new controls over pollution .
mr david gee , director [choose/select] of friends of the earth , said the bill had already been weakened by giving big concessions to industry , especially over freedom of information to the public and scope and timetable of the new controls over pollution .

Peers played cricket with the Hampshire farmers of Hambledon without needing to designate their status officially as ‘ gentlemen ’ or ‘ players ’ .
peers played cricket with the hampshire farmers of hambledon without needing to [choose/select] their status officially as ‘ gentlemen ’ or ‘ players ’ .

Sociologists sometimes designate rural communities as being fragile .
sociologists sometimes [choose/select] rural communities as being fragile .

They would seem to demonstrate the proposition that a text can only ever designate its own activity , that textuality is inherently narcissistic .
they would seem to demonstrate the proposition that a text can only ever [choose/select] its own activity , that textuality is inherently narcissistic .

Simply used as a marketing term , to designate a fashionable commodity , it might also have appealed to publishers , had it been available at the time , as a packaging for the wave of fiction that followed in the tracks of Eco and Calvino in the early and mid-1980s , and for which no better epithet could be found than ‘ new ’ or ‘ young ’ ( despite a number of its representatives being somewhat less than youthful ) .
simply used as a marketing term , to [choose/select] a fashionable commodity , it might also have appealed to publishers , had it been available at the time , as a packaging for the wave of fiction that followed in the tracks of eco and calvino in the early and mid-1980s , and for which no better epithet could be found than ‘ new ’ or ‘ young ’ ( despite a number of its representatives being somewhat less than youthful ) .

But in this context the term ‘ interference ’ is commonly used more narrowly to designate those theories that try to explain latent inhibition in terms of the interaction of standard ( usually associative ) processes of learning or performance and without recourse to attentional constructs of the sort employed by the theories discussed in Chapter 3 .
but in this context the term ‘ interference ’ is commonly used more narrowly to [choose/select] those theories that try to explain latent inhibition in terms of the interaction of standard ( usually associative ) processes of learning or performance and without recourse to attentional constructs of the sort employed by the theories discussed in chapter 3 .

Mr David Gee , director designate of FoE said : ‘ Recycling rhetoric wo n't save the planet .
mr david gee , director [choose/select] of foe said : ‘ recycling rhetoric wo n't save the planet .

Even so , all that can be done here is designate a unit holder under 18 , the child is only a beneficial owner .
even so , all that can be done here is [choose/select] a unit holder under 18 , the child is only a beneficial owner .

Even so , all that can be done here is designate a unit holder under 18 , the child is only a beneficial owner .
even so , all that can be done here is [choose/select] a unit holder under 18 , the child is only a beneficial owner .

Even so , all that can be done here is designate a unit holder under 18 , the child is only a beneficial owner .
even so , all that can be done here is [choose/select] a unit holder under 18 , the child is only a beneficial owner .

The birth of a healthy boy was therefore an event of great significance , for it removed from Prince Napoleon , the Emperor 's cousin and heir designate , any hope of the succession .
the birth of a healthy boy was therefore an event of great significance , for it removed from prince napoleon , the emperor 's cousin and heir [choose/select] , any hope of the succession .

The term ‘ formal interview ’ is used here to designate a type of interview in which there is an appreciable amount of control exercised over both the presentation of the questions ( stimuli ) and the recording of the answers ( responses ) .
the term ‘ formal interview ’ is used here to [choose/select] a type of interview in which there is an appreciable amount of control exercised over both the presentation of the questions ( stimuli ) and the recording of the answers ( responses ) .

This massive build-up of ‘ goodness ’ which can be considered as the sum total of all the ‘ good ’ of the favourable events of evolution , is the origin of the Created God , an origin which has been established by evolution , and which man must designate sacred .
this massive build-up of ‘ goodness ’ which can be considered as the sum total of all the ‘ good ’ of the favourable events of evolution , is the origin of the created god , an origin which has been established by evolution , and which man must [choose/select] sacred .

Further , if we designate the surplus-value accumulated as variable capital as Δv , and that accumulated as constant capital Δc , we find :
further , if we [choose/select] the surplus-value accumulated as variable capital as δv , and that accumulated as constant capital δc , we find :

According to the architecture historian Peter Collins , the use of the word style to designate the architecture of a particular period or country is relatively late .
according to the architecture historian peter collins , the use of the word style to [choose/select] the architecture of a particular period or country is relatively late .

A name adopted by Mexican Americans and Mexican nationals to designate those who make up a fascinating urban subculture , detached from U.S. culture and from Mexican American urban life also .
a name adopted by mexican americans and mexican nationals to [choose/select] those who make up a fascinating urban subculture , detached from u.s. culture and from mexican american urban life also .

The church may then be marked out to designate where worshippers of the various denominations take their place .
the church may then be marked out to [choose/select] where worshippers of the various denominations take their place .

The Italians reserve their scorn for each other — Venetians and Romans or Milanese and Neapolitans comically bemoan the new EU-imposed automobile license plates that no longer designate the driver ’ s origin .
the italians reserve their scorn for each other — venetians and romans or milanese and neapolitans comically bemoan the new eu-imposed automobile license plates that no longer [choose/select] the driver ’ s origin .

Chinese historians designate the next 50 years as the era of “ The Five Dynasties and the Ten Kingdoms. ” This transitional period was marred by political and military infighting , and by rivalry , intrigue , and cruelty .
chinese historians [choose/select] the next 50 years as the era of “ the five dynasties and the ten kingdoms. ” this transitional period was marred by political and military infighting , and by rivalry , intrigue , and cruelty .

Brown decided last week to designate some of the money for four legal aid organizations , including the St. Louis-based Legal Services of Eastern Missouri .
brown decided last week to [choose/select] some of the money for four legal aid organizations , including the st. louis-based legal services of eastern missouri .

Emergency departments should designate specific individuals to assume the role of obtaining and interpreting screening results and to provide interventions .
emergency departments should [choose/select] specific individuals to assume the role of obtaining and interpreting screening results and to provide interventions .

Alcohol problems defined Alcohol problems designate a spectrum from risk behavior to illness , and from problematic consumption to alcohol use disorder .
alcohol problems defined alcohol problems [choose/select] a spectrum from risk behavior to illness , and from problematic consumption to alcohol use disorder .

Walker made a plea not to adopt the abbreviation `` SBIR '' because it is already used to designate small business innovation research grants by federal agencies .
walker made a plea not to adopt the abbreviation `` sbir '' because it is already used to [choose/select] small business innovation research grants by federal agencies .

Practice 5 : Designate a Central Group to Carry Out Key Activities Overall , the central security groups served as ( 1 ) catalysts for ensuring that information security risks were considered in both planned and ongoing operations , ( 2 ) central resources for advice and expertise to units throughout their organizations , and ( 3 ) a conduit for keeping top management informed about security-related issues and activities affecting the organization .
practice 5 : [choose/select] a central group to carry out key activities overall , the central security groups served as ( 1 ) catalysts for ensuring that information security risks were considered in both planned and ongoing operations , ( 2 ) central resources for advice and expertise to units throughout their organizations , and ( 3 ) a conduit for keeping top management informed about security-related issues and activities affecting the organization .

GAO/AIMD-98-68 Information Security Management Page 35 Practice 7 : Designate Dedicated Funding and Staff Unlike many federal agencies , the central groups we studied had defined budgets , which gave them the ability to plan and set goals for their organization 's information security program .
gao/aimd-98-68 information security management page 35 practice 7 : [choose/select] dedicated funding and staff unlike many federal agencies , the central groups we studied had defined budgets , which gave them the ability to plan and set goals for their organization 's information security program .

Practice 5 : Designate a Central Group to Carry Out Key Activities Overall , the central security groups served as ( 1 ) catalysts for ensuring that information security risks were considered in both planned and ongoing operations , ( 2 ) central resources for advice and expertise to units throughout their organizations , and ( 3 ) a conduit for keeping top management informed about security-related issues and activities affecting the organization .
practice 5 : [choose/select] a central group to carry out key activities overall , the central security groups served as ( 1 ) catalysts for ensuring that information security risks were considered in both planned and ongoing operations , ( 2 ) central resources for advice and expertise to units throughout their organizations , and ( 3 ) a conduit for keeping top management informed about security-related issues and activities affecting the organization .

GAO/AIMD-98-68 Information Security Management Page 35 Practice 7 : Designate Dedicated Funding and Staff Unlike many federal agencies , the central groups we studied had defined budgets , which gave them the ability to plan and set goals for their organization 's information security program .
gao/aimd-98-68 information security management page 35 practice 7 : [choose/select] dedicated funding and staff unlike many federal agencies , the central groups we studied had defined budgets , which gave them the ability to plan and set goals for their organization 's information security program .

Second , until the rules for all workplace telephones go into effect , the Commission proposed that employers designate certain hearing aid compatible telephones for emergency use .
second , until the rules for all workplace telephones go into effect , the commission proposed that employers [choose/select] certain hearing aid compatible telephones for emergency use .

The Commission also confirmed , in its Report and Order , its proposal to require employers to designate emergency use telephones until the new hearing aid compatibility rules are implemented .
the commission also confirmed , in its report and order , its proposal to require employers to [choose/select] emergency use telephones until the new hearing aid compatibility rules are implemented .

The Commission rejected suggestions to issue specific signage requirements , saying that the requirement that employers designate the telephones was sufficient .
the commission rejected suggestions to issue specific signage requirements , saying that the requirement that employers [choose/select] the telephones was sufficient .

For the agencies that designate a central GAO liaison , once an executive-level meeting has been scheduled , as a professional courtesy , GAO will notify the liaison that the meeting has been scheduled .
for the agencies that [choose/select] a central gao liaison , once an executive-level meeting has been scheduled , as a professional courtesy , gao will notify the liaison that the meeting has been scheduled .

In turn , GAO expects the agency to designate a point of contact who is knowledgeable about the agency 's relevant programs and organization and is able to facilitate GAO 's ability to complete its work in a timely manner .
in turn , gao expects the agency to [choose/select] a point of contact who is knowledgeable about the agency 's relevant programs and organization and is able to facilitate gao 's ability to complete its work in a timely manner .

During the entrance conference , GAO will also ask agency officials to designate a key contact to assist , as applicable , in obtaining temporary office space in agencies where GAO does not already have office space as well as fax and telephone equipment needed for GAO to complete its work at the agency .
during the entrance conference , gao will also ask agency officials to [choose/select] a key contact to assist , as applicable , in obtaining temporary office space in agencies where gao does not already have office space as well as fax and telephone equipment needed for gao to complete its work at the agency .

Transitional Areas The Clear Skies Act revises Section 107 of the Clean Air Act to authorize the Administrator to designate as transitional an area for which EPA-performed modeling demonstrates that the area will attain the 8-hour ozone or fine particles NAAQS no later than December 31 , 2015 through the controls provided under the Clear Skies Act and any other federal controls that have been promulgated .
transitional areas the clear skies act revises section 107 of the clean air act to authorize the administrator to [choose/select] as transitional an area for which epa-performed modeling demonstrates that the area will attain the 8-hour ozone or fine particles naaqs no later than december 31 , 2015 through the controls provided under the clear skies act and any other federal controls that have been promulgated .

In addition , the time frames for States to recommend , and EPA to promulgate , designations for the 8-hour ozone and fine particles NAAQS are revised to align the time frames for EPA to designate areas for these standards .
in addition , the time frames for states to recommend , and epa to promulgate , designations for the 8-hour ozone and fine particles naaqs are revised to align the time frames for epa to [choose/select] areas for these standards .

The FISA Court 's concern with FBI sloppiness in its FISA applications also began to take a toll : the court began designating itself as the gatekeeper for the sharing of intelligence information ; the FBI was required to separately designate criminal and intelligence agents ; and the court banned one supervisory FBI agent from appearing before it .
the fisa court 's concern with fbi sloppiness in its fisa applications also began to take a toll : the court began designating itself as the gatekeeper for the sharing of intelligence information ; the fbi was required to separately [choose/select] criminal and intelligence agents ; and the court banned one supervisory fbi agent from appearing before it .

State Department counterterrorism officials wanted a stronger position ; the department 's acting counterterrorism coordinator advised Secretary Albright to designate Pakistan as a state sponsor of terrorism , noting that despite high-level Pakistani assurances , the country 's military intelligence service continued `` activities in support of international terrorism '' by supporting attacks on civilian targets in Kashmir .
state department counterterrorism officials wanted a stronger position ; the department 's acting counterterrorism coordinator advised secretary albright to [choose/select] pakistan as a state sponsor of terrorism , noting that despite high-level pakistani assurances , the country 's military intelligence service continued `` activities in support of international terrorism '' by supporting attacks on civilian targets in kashmir .

Within the State Department , some officials delayed Sheehan and Clarke 's push either to designateTaliban-controlled Afghanistan as a state sponsor of terrorism or to designate the regime as a foreign terrorist organization ( thereby avoiding the issue of whether to recognize the Taliban as Afghanistan 's government ) .
within the state department , some officials delayed sheehan and clarke 's push either to designatetaliban-controlled afghanistan as a state sponsor of terrorism or to [choose/select] the regime as a foreign terrorist organization ( thereby avoiding the issue of whether to recognize the taliban as afghanistan 's government ) .

After 9/11 , the United States took aggressive actions to designate terrorist financiers and freeze their money , in the United States and through resolutions of the United Nations .
after 9/11 , the united states took aggressive actions to [choose/select] terrorist financiers and freeze their money , in the united states and through resolutions of the united nations .

Headquarters had a hijack coordinator , who was the director of the FAA Office of Civil Aviation Security or his or her designate .
headquarters had a hijack coordinator , who was the director of the faa office of civil aviation security or his or her [choose/select] .

In the long run , of course , open access will prove sustainable when more funders of research , in addition to interested third parties , designate funds specifically for the costs of publishing articles to be made freely available , searchable , and reusable online .
in the long run , of course , open access will prove sustainable when more funders of research , in addition to interested third parties , [choose/select] funds specifically for the costs of publishing articles to be made freely available , searchable , and reusable online .

You may designate your contribution to a specific school if you choose .
you may [choose/select] your contribution to a specific school if you choose .

Norwich , who calls the command `` the darkest stain on [ the historical Henry 's ] reputation , '' says that so many of Henry 's men refused to obey his order that `` he was at last obligated to designate 200 of his own archers specifically for the task . ''
norwich , who calls the command `` the darkest stain on [ the historical henry 's ] reputation , '' says that so many of henry 's men refused to obey his order that `` he was at last obligated to [choose/select] 200 of his own archers specifically for the task . ''

Why congress ( necessities designate delimitations ?
why congress ( necessities [choose/select] delimitations ?

For that reason , I shall ask you to clip out of the papers those articles or editorials I designate with the initial 'M . '
for that reason , i shall ask you to clip out of the papers those articles or editorials i [choose/select] with the initial 'm . '

Rather than prohibit the solicitation of campaign contributions at federal buildings , the Hatch Act should be amended to designate these `` hallowed places '' as the only sites at which a candidate may solicit or accept a campaign contribution .
rather than prohibit the solicitation of campaign contributions at federal buildings , the hatch act should be amended to [choose/select] these `` hallowed places '' as the only sites at which a candidate may solicit or accept a campaign contribution .

The proposal also envisions a large nuclear command-and-control system consisting of land- , sea- , and submarine-based missiles , and it would limit nuclear strike authority to the prime minister or his designate .
the proposal also envisions a large nuclear command-and-control system consisting of land- , sea- , and submarine-based missiles , and it would limit nuclear strike authority to the prime minister or his [choose/select] .

The report states that Congress should either create or designate an agency to take over .
the report states that congress should either create or [choose/select] an agency to take over .

In it , not only do they designate a new spelling for `` girl '' ( ! )
in it , not only do they [choose/select] a new spelling for `` girl '' ( ! )

Indeed , the site does n't allow you to designate which issues are most important to you .
indeed , the site does n't allow you to [choose/select] which issues are most important to you .

The cover story by Times columnist Thomas Friedman argues that the United States must designate itself as enforcer-at-large of global stability .
the cover story by times columnist thomas friedman argues that the united states must [choose/select] itself as enforcer-at-large of global stability .

Last summer , his Department of Justice successfully petitioned the Supreme Court to designate asymptomatic HIV-infected people as a protected class under the ADA .
last summer , his department of justice successfully petitioned the supreme court to [choose/select] asymptomatic hiv-infected people as a protected class under the ada .

The problem is that computers that designate years by two digits must be reprogrammed to distinguish 2000 from 1900 .
the problem is that computers that [choose/select] years by two digits must be reprogrammed to distinguish 2000 from 1900 .

Although at first used to designate corporations such as Time Warner , Disney , and Microsoft -- which scour the universe for matériel to give life and purpose to their distribution networks -- the term has been trickling down to apply to individuals .
although at first used to [choose/select] corporations such as time warner , disney , and microsoft -- which scour the universe for matériel to give life and purpose to their distribution networks -- the term has been trickling down to apply to individuals .

Terms such as yadda yadda yadda and blah blah blah have a special utility when the speaker 's audience can accurately fill in the blanks -- when the terms act not as synonyms for `` generic talk '' but as command keys , cued to circumstance , that can designate specific information .
terms such as yadda yadda yadda and blah blah blah have a special utility when the speaker 's audience can accurately fill in the blanks -- when the terms act not as synonyms for `` generic talk '' but as command keys , cued to circumstance , that can [choose/select] specific information .

The college 's trustees have voted to designate the gift as a dollar-for-dollar matching fund to invite additional donations to the capital campaign .
the college 's trustees have voted to [choose/select] the gift as a dollar-for-dollar matching fund to invite additional donations to the capital campaign .

According to the big Oxford , Carroll coined tulgey to designate a wood that is thick , dense , and dark .
according to the big oxford , carroll coined tulgey to [choose/select] a wood that is thick , dense , and dark .

A word that could be useful if it were not so abominable is mediamorphosis which someone in academia coined to designate the distortion or transformation of facts in some of the media .
a word that could be useful if it were not so abominable is mediamorphosis which someone in academia coined to [choose/select] the distortion or transformation of facts in some of the media .

Big Iron Tough talk among computer salesmen to designate large computer systems that cost millions of dollars .
big iron tough talk among computer salesmen to [choose/select] large computer systems that cost millions of dollars .

Binomial nomenclature uses a generic and a specific term , used to designate species .
binomial nomenclature uses a generic and a specific term , used to [choose/select] species .

America 's obsession with physical fitness has brought us specialty group calisthenics , which we designate jazzercise , aerobicise , or dancercise on the model exercise , depending on what type of music is playing or degree of enthusiasm .
america 's obsession with physical fitness has brought us specialty group calisthenics , which we [choose/select] jazzercise , aerobicise , or dancercise on the model exercise , depending on what type of music is playing or degree of enthusiasm .

I was particularly interested in one that would allow me to designate a variety of typestyles during keyboarding , ideally one that showed the styles on the monitor as the text was being typed .
i was particularly interested in one that would allow me to [choose/select] a variety of typestyles during keyboarding , ideally one that showed the styles on the monitor as the text was being typed .

That is called WYSIWYG , pronounced “ wizzywig , ” for ` What You See Is What You Get , ' in other words when you designate text to print in boldface or italic type , it appears in boldface or italic type on the screen .
that is called wysiwyg , pronounced “ wizzywig , ” for ` what you see is what you get , ' in other words when you [choose/select] text to print in boldface or italic type , it appears in boldface or italic type on the screen .

Birr ( Ethiopia ) means ` silver ' and was the name used beginning in the 18th century to designate the Maria Theresa thaler , an Austrian coin which circulated in countries around the Red Sea .
birr ( ethiopia ) means ` silver ' and was the name used beginning in the 18th century to [choose/select] the maria theresa thaler , an austrian coin which circulated in countries around the red sea .

Poking and prodding at contemporary speech and writing , feminists condemn the use of a term identified with one sex or gender to designate all humanity .
poking and prodding at contemporary speech and writing , feminists condemn the use of a term identified with one sex or gender to [choose/select] all humanity .

When offered by feminists , the answers frequently appear in a style that is marked by word play dependent on written forms ; a style that is unconventional , mannered , at its best witty ; a style that suggests alternatives to those styles that feminists would designate male-influenced .
when offered by feminists , the answers frequently appear in a style that is marked by word play dependent on written forms ; a style that is unconventional , mannered , at its best witty ; a style that suggests alternatives to those styles that feminists would [choose/select] male-influenced .

Others designate musical instruments or weapons , denote magical spells , crystallize cultural concepts or rituals , or express metaphors .
others [choose/select] musical instruments or weapons , denote magical spells , crystallize cultural concepts or rituals , or express metaphors .

With the initial riffle through the pages of The F Word , noting the different typefaces that designate parts of speech , definition , date of origin , source , examples , it becomes evident that this word is the great workhorse , an old familiar in The Life , and indeed deserving .
with the initial riffle through the pages of the f word , noting the different typefaces that [choose/select] parts of speech , definition , date of origin , source , examples , it becomes evident that this word is the great workhorse , an old familiar in the life , and indeed deserving .

Lallans , of course means lowlands in Scots and has been used in recent years to designate a variety of literary Scots used by writers of the Scottish Renaissance movement , which is determined to preserve the ancient language as an artistic medium .
lallans , of course means lowlands in scots and has been used in recent years to [choose/select] a variety of literary scots used by writers of the scottish renaissance movement , which is determined to preserve the ancient language as an artistic medium .

Years ago , lexicographers used the label Colloquial to designate words and senses that were at a language level somewhat below that of formal usage but not so low down and dirty as to be considered Vulgar or Slang .
years ago , lexicographers used the label colloquial to [choose/select] words and senses that were at a language level somewhat below that of formal usage but not so low down and dirty as to be considered vulgar or slang .

One can easily understand the desire of the committees responsible for such things to number streets , then designate house numbers in such a way that strangers can readily get the idea that 65-42 83rd Street is on 83rd Street near 65th Avenue , and I can find nothing to quarrel with in that practice .
one can easily understand the desire of the committees responsible for such things to number streets , then [choose/select] house numbers in such a way that strangers can readily get the idea that 65-42 83rd street is on 83rd street near 65th avenue , and i can find nothing to quarrel with in that practice .

Applesauce ( an American variant is apple sass ) , which has come to designate a ` camouflage of flattery , ' is excessively sweet , mushy , pulpy and insubstantial , and thrifty boarding houses serve an abundance of the stuff to divert awareness from the scarcity of more nourishing fare .
applesauce ( an american variant is apple sass ) , which has come to [choose/select] a ` camouflage of flattery , ' is excessively sweet , mushy , pulpy and insubstantial , and thrifty boarding houses serve an abundance of the stuff to divert awareness from the scarcity of more nourishing fare .

Wen ( 1000 ) , boil ( 1000 ) , and kernels ( 1000 ) as currently in “ kernels in my grine , ” are the oldest , but pimple ( 1400 ) , rising ( 1563 ) , bealing ( 1605 ) , and gland ( 1692 ) are also still used to designate small nonvenereal masses .
wen ( 1000 ) , boil ( 1000 ) , and kernels ( 1000 ) as currently in “ kernels in my grine , ” are the oldest , but pimple ( 1400 ) , rising ( 1563 ) , bealing ( 1605 ) , and gland ( 1692 ) are also still used to [choose/select] small nonvenereal masses .

David Galef has coined the term morox [ XIV , 2 ] to designate unintentional , inelegant oxymorons such as many fewer problems , largely insignificant , and barely clothed .
david galef has coined the term morox [ xiv , 2 ] to [choose/select] unintentional , inelegant oxymorons such as many fewer problems , largely insignificant , and barely clothed .

I was particularly interested in one that would allow me to designate a variety of typestyles during keyboard-ing , ideally one that showed the styles on the monitor as the text was being typed .
i was particularly interested in one that would allow me to [choose/select] a variety of typestyles during keyboard-ing , ideally one that showed the styles on the monitor as the text was being typed .

Which leads to the use of medical eponyms , proper names , usually of persons or places , to designate diseases ; their signs and symptoms , alone or in combination ; reflexes , and a host of other medical phenomena .
which leads to the use of medical eponyms , proper names , usually of persons or places , to [choose/select] diseases ; their signs and symptoms , alone or in combination ; reflexes , and a host of other medical phenomena .

