The plaudits — which indubitably would have been bestowed on Tukalo had a try materialised — were further erased as Watsonians claimed a try three minutes later .
the plaudits — which [definitely] would have been bestowed on tukalo had a try materialised — were further erased as watsonians claimed a try three minutes later .

Fresh to the Warwick range comes the awkwardly-named but indubitably funky Streamer Stage 1 Classic Line bass .
fresh to the warwick range comes the awkwardly-named but [definitely] funky streamer stage 1 classic line bass .

The inevitable criticism that it was the former was met firmly with the contention that it was the latter , but it had to be admitted that no one could really be sure , and that to embark on such a venture an act of faith was indubitably required .
the inevitable criticism that it was the former was met firmly with the contention that it was the latter , but it had to be admitted that no one could really be sure , and that to embark on such a venture an act of faith was [definitely] required .

Where they indubitably have a pair , then it is often only patience that is required , though sometimes incorrect pH may be causing problems .
where they [definitely] have a pair , then it is often only patience that is required , though sometimes incorrect ph may be causing problems .

And trade unions , though obviously weakened by Thatcherism , are indubitably more popular institutions than they have been for decades .
and trade unions , though obviously weakened by thatcherism , are [definitely] more popular institutions than they have been for decades .

Chief amongst these is the indubitably elegant Terence Stamp , who gives a moving account of his first biker jacket and his love of fine fabric .
chief amongst these is the [definitely] elegant terence stamp , who gives a moving account of his first biker jacket and his love of fine fabric .

But although more research is undoubtedly necessary , quite a lot has equally indubitably been achieved by this small enterprise .
but although more research is undoubtedly necessary , quite a lot has equally [definitely] been achieved by this small enterprise .

Indubitably , too much land was concentrated in too few hands though the agricultural reasons for extensive farming were not always appreciated .
[definitely] , too much land was concentrated in too few hands though the agricultural reasons for extensive farming were not always appreciated .

Thomas Sachs was indubitably a hedonist .
thomas sachs was [definitely] a hedonist .

It had been a debate in the House of Lords on juvenile delinquency , a subject on which His Lordship considered himself an expert since he had , indubitably , once been a boy and had , briefly , helped organise a youth club on his grandfather 's estate .
it had been a debate in the house of lords on juvenile delinquency , a subject on which his lordship considered himself an expert since he had , [definitely] , once been a boy and had , briefly , helped organise a youth club on his grandfather 's estate .

Or rather , since he indubitably wanted a relationship with Alexandra , perhaps what he hoped for was to dictate the terms , rather than have them dictated to him .
or rather , since he [definitely] wanted a relationship with alexandra , perhaps what he hoped for was to dictate the terms , rather than have them dictated to him .

At this point we first go beyond novelty into apparent paradox , for the most outstanding achievement of nineteenth-century physics had been to establish the indubitably wave-like character of light .
at this point we first go beyond novelty into apparent paradox , for the most outstanding achievement of nineteenth-century physics had been to establish the [definitely] wave-like character of light .

Indubitably liberalism parades under many guises and has spawned a multitude of distinctive political theories.g Yet two threads run through all these diverse patterns of liberal thought : the commitment to respect both the equality of citizens and the autonomy of individuals .
[definitely] liberalism parades under many guises and has spawned a multitude of distinctive political theories.g yet two threads run through all these diverse patterns of liberal thought : the commitment to respect both the equality of citizens and the autonomy of individuals .

Indubitably this vision of distributive justice satisfies the demands of liberal philosophy , because it respects both formal equality and individual autonomy .
[definitely] this vision of distributive justice satisfies the demands of liberal philosophy , because it respects both formal equality and individual autonomy .

By Roman standards , the Celtic Church was indubitably heretical .
by roman standards , the celtic church was [definitely] heretical .

Indubitably it was full of madmen , and women too , much as she found them fun to be with .
[definitely] it was full of madmen , and women too , much as she found them fun to be with .

The classical tradition , as in Italy itself , never died and the churches of this region , though indubitably Romanesque , have a classical interpretation of the style and use classical columns , capitals , mouldings and decoration often , as in Italy , incorporating actual Roman fragments from ruined buildings .
the classical tradition , as in italy itself , never died and the churches of this region , though [definitely] romanesque , have a classical interpretation of the style and use classical columns , capitals , mouldings and decoration often , as in italy , incorporating actual roman fragments from ruined buildings .

Sometimes they occur with cherty rocks that contain the remains of indubitably planktonic radiolaria .
sometimes they occur with cherty rocks that contain the remains of [definitely] planktonic radiolaria .

The Grammar School was , indubitably , still the best school in the town but all this change on his doorstep was unsettling .
the grammar school was , [definitely] , still the best school in the town but all this change on his doorstep was unsettling .

Another part of Phoebe hated herself for this cynical internal grin , because these were her friends and she was indubitably one of them , and could not imagine being otherwise .
another part of phoebe hated herself for this cynical internal grin , because these were her friends and she was [definitely] one of them , and could not imagine being otherwise .

The words will remain , indubitably .
the words will remain , [definitely] .

Ah well Mr Binyon has , indubitably , his moments .
ah well mr binyon has , [definitely] , his moments .

As Tate remarked austerely , ‘ His Eliabethanism has indubitably been too ingenuously appraised by some critics ’ .
as tate remarked austerely , ‘ his eliabethanism has [definitely] been too ingenuously appraised by some critics ’ .

On such an index , bacterial pneumonia , which is regarded as a ‘ real ’ illness , would indubitably outrank peptic ulcers , which are viewed suspiciously as being of psychosomatic ’ origin , and all illnesses known to man would outrank hypochondria … The prevailing negative attitudes towards hypochondria are largely unexplained , unjustified and certainly unjust to victims of the condition .
on such an index , bacterial pneumonia , which is regarded as a ‘ real ’ illness , would [definitely] outrank peptic ulcers , which are viewed suspiciously as being of psychosomatic ’ origin , and all illnesses known to man would outrank hypochondria … the prevailing negative attitudes towards hypochondria are largely unexplained , unjustified and certainly unjust to victims of the condition .

Whether one can put that information to the appropriate use of building up vocabulary is moot ; indubitably , some can , and one never knows till one tries .
whether one can put that information to the appropriate use of building up vocabulary is moot ; [definitely] , some can , and one never knows till one tries .

