## take next verb as well and convert from subjunctive: lest ... come -> in case ... comes

At the same time , there was increased reason for a quick meeting lest the Soviet leader , as a result of those episodes , come to a dangerously erroneous conclusion about the West's ability and determination to resist Communist pressure .
at the same time , there was increased reason for a quick meeting [in case] the soviet leader , as a result of those episodes , come to a dangerously erroneous conclusion about the west's ability and determination to resist communist pressure .

Let every policeman and park guard keep his eye on John and Jane Doe , lest one piece of bread be placed undetected and one bird survive .
let every policeman and park guard keep his eye on john and jane doe , [in case] one piece of bread be placed undetected and one bird survive .

not as the outcome of works , lest anyone may boast .
not as the outcome of works , [in case] anyone may boast .

Ulyate drew back with a start , and put finger to lips , almost afraid to move or whisper lest it set her off , `` The dogs have got her bayed .
ulyate drew back with a start , and put finger to lips , almost afraid to move or whisper [in case] it set her off , `` the dogs have got her bayed .

ripe pears lying in long grass , to be turned over by a dusty-slippered foot , cautiously , lest bees still worked in the ragged , brown-edged holes ; ;
ripe pears lying in long grass , to be turned over by a dusty-slippered foot , cautiously , [in case] bees still worked in the ragged , brown-edged holes ; ;

We were forbidden to swing on the gates , lest they sag on their hinges in a poor-white-trash way , but we could stand on them , when they were latched , rest our chins on the top , and stare and stare , committing to memory , quite unintentionally , all the details that lay before our eyes .
we were forbidden to swing on the gates , [in case] they sag on their hinges in a poor-white-trash way , but we could stand on them , when they were latched , rest our chins on the top , and stare and stare , committing to memory , quite unintentionally , all the details that lay before our eyes .

`` They straggle at such a rate '' , he told the commander-in-chief , `` that if the enemy were enterprising , they might get two from us , when we would take one of them , which makes me wish General Howe would go on , lest any incident happen to us '' .
`` they straggle at such a rate '' , he told the commander-in-chief , `` that if the enemy were enterprising , they might get two from us , when we would take one of them , which makes me wish general howe would go on , [in case] any incident happen to us '' .

He suggested offering half to Sir Edward , fearing lest `` he shall thinke it to good for us and procure it for himselfe , as he served us the last time '' .
he suggested offering half to sir edward , fearing [in case] `` he shall thinke it to good for us and procure it for himselfe , as he served us the last time '' .

And lest we should become too consistent , in the sense of becoming heedless of new fields of scholarship and new points of view in the arts , the Foundation's Board of Trustees maintains a trickle -- not a flow ! !
and [in case] we should become too consistent , in the sense of becoming heedless of new fields of scholarship and new points of view in the arts , the foundation's board of trustees maintains a trickle -- not a flow ! !

And lest anybody think that considerations such as these are not germane in a foundation report , let me enlighten them with the truths that , under Communism there would have been no capital with which to endow the Foundation , and that there would not be that individual freedom within which the Fellows might proceed , untrammeled in every way , toward their discoveries , their creative efforts for the good of mankind .
and [in case] anybody think that considerations such as these are not germane in a foundation report , let me enlighten them with the truths that , under communism there would have been no capital with which to endow the foundation , and that there would not be that individual freedom within which the fellows might proceed , untrammeled in every way , toward their discoveries , their creative efforts for the good of mankind .

The Court held that federal jurisdiction should not be exercised lest the domestic policy of the state be obstructed ; ;
the court held that federal jurisdiction should not be exercised [in case] the domestic policy of the state be obstructed ; ;

She soared over the new pastor like an avenging angel lest he stray from the path and not know all the truth and gossip of which she was chief repository .
she soared over the new pastor like an avenging angel [in case] he stray from the path and not know all the truth and gossip of which she was chief repository .

And listening to such a conversation one morning while taking a cup of chocolate in a cafe , Rousseau found himself bathed in perspiration , trembling lest his authorship become known , and at the same time dreaming of the startling effect he would make if he should proclaim himself suddenly as the composer .
and listening to such a conversation one morning while taking a cup of chocolate in a cafe , rousseau found himself bathed in perspiration , trembling [in case] his authorship become known , and at the same time dreaming of the startling effect he would make if he should proclaim himself suddenly as the composer .

He trembled lest his piece should fail .
he trembled [in case] his piece should fail .

And even deeper than that : his fear lest in this closed hall he should suddenly itch to relieve himself .
and even deeper than that : his fear [in case] in this closed hall he should suddenly itch to relieve himself .

When she appeared at the store to help out for a few hours even my looking at her was surreptitious lest my Uncle notice it .
when she appeared at the store to help out for a few hours even my looking at her was surreptitious [in case] my uncle notice it .

Together with her mother , both of them tense with worry lest things should somehow go wrong .
together with her mother , both of them tense with worry [in case] things should somehow go wrong .

Lest we forget .
[in case] we forget .

Lest the bottom-of-the-pile old folk forget , this lot are supposedly Socialists .
[in case] the bottom-of-the-pile old folk forget , this lot are supposedly socialists .

Lest those in the queue might have read the back copies of Homes and Gardens three or four times before , there is now a little light reading on out-patients ' appointment cards at Darlington Memorial Hospital .
[in case] those in the queue might have read the back copies of homes and gardens three or four times before , there is now a little light reading on out-patients ' appointment cards at darlington memorial hospital .

Some have seen in the clash between Antigone and Creon a parable of the demands of individual conscience against social imperatives , others in the encounter between Ismene and her sister a dramatisation of the need to temper conviction lest it degenerate into fanaticism .
some have seen in the clash between antigone and creon a parable of the demands of individual conscience against social imperatives , others in the encounter between ismene and her sister a dramatisation of the need to temper conviction [in case] it degenerate into fanaticism .

We must n't keep it locked away in the closet lest it turn to dust .
we must n't keep it locked away in the closet [in case] it turn to dust .

‘ Then , lest he may prevent . ’
‘ then , [in case] he may prevent . ’

So Caesar may ; /Then lest he may , prevent .
so caesar may ; /then [in case] he may , prevent .

This situation is doubtless taken for granted by today 's generation , yet , less than twenty-five years ago , leading statisticians were expressing concern lest interposition of the machine would so distance them from the data under consideration that the quality of analysis would suffer .
this situation is doubtless taken for granted by today 's generation , yet , less than twenty-five years ago , leading statisticians were expressing concern [in case] interposition of the machine would so distance them from the data under consideration that the quality of analysis would suffer .

In some cases , care must be taken not to put ideas into a respondent 's head early in an interview lest these are reflected back at a later point .
in some cases , care must be taken not to put ideas into a respondent 's head early in an interview [in case] these are reflected back at a later point .

Lest we Forget … but has the Spitfire man been forgotten ?
[in case] we forget … but has the spitfire man been forgotten ?

She says it 's marvelous , all her own children have lest home — these are her kids now . But she needs a good bath when she gets home — because of the smell !
she says it 's marvelous , all her own children have [in case] home — these are her kids now . but she needs a good bath when she gets home — because of the smell !

The doctor was pledged to secrecy , and an iron curtain of security was rung down on the headquarters lest news of the new commander 's prostration further demoralise the men with their backs to the Meuse .
the doctor was pledged to secrecy , and an iron curtain of security was rung down on the headquarters [in case] news of the new commander 's prostration further demoralise the men with their backs to the meuse .

Sometimes , when it snowed heavily , the filmmakers were terrified lest she would not get back from London in time .
sometimes , when it snowed heavily , the filmmakers were terrified [in case] she would not get back from london in time .

‘ No , maister , ’ he answered , inwardly quaking lest he should be blamed if the horse died .
‘ no , maister , ’ he answered , inwardly quaking [in case] he should be blamed if the horse died .

’ She was laughing at his antics , but anxious lest he should be heard .
’ she was laughing at his antics , but anxious [in case] he should be heard .

And lest there be any misunderstanding as to the intensity of the attachment Lugard had in mind , it may be noted that his thinking revealed itself quite clearly on the subject of loyalty when he wrote of military matters and the secret of command .
and [in case] there be any misunderstanding as to the intensity of the attachment lugard had in mind , it may be noted that his thinking revealed itself quite clearly on the subject of loyalty when he wrote of military matters and the secret of command .

Wary sufferers will have learned to suffer silently lest they raise stifled giggles rather than sympathy .
wary sufferers will have learned to suffer silently [in case] they raise stifled giggles rather than sympathy .

He could well be to South Africa what Willie-O now is to the World Champions . Incidentally , lest any Scots are looking for replacements for their back row , Ian is as Afrikaans as the ‘ Bok of days gone by who , when asked about language difficulties in France , replied that two expressions were all that was necessary : ‘ Parlez-vous and Kamer toe ’ ( Afrikaans for ‘ to the room ? ’ ) !
he could well be to south africa what willie-o now is to the world champions . incidentally , [in case] any scots are looking for replacements for their back row , ian is as afrikaans as the ‘ bok of days gone by who , when asked about language difficulties in france , replied that two expressions were all that was necessary : ‘ parlez-vous and kamer toe ’ ( afrikaans for ‘ to the room ? ’ ) !

— or lest we should be by and by —
— or [in case] we should be by and by —

Lest this be seen as potentially threatening , it is important for the mother church to see this as her own growth .
[in case] this be seen as potentially threatening , it is important for the mother church to see this as her own growth .

The Church of England 's authorities need to be careful lest in their desire to maintain ‘ ethos ’ and ‘ style ’ they miss completely the breath of the Holy Spirit 's life as it blows past them .
the church of england 's authorities need to be careful [in case] in their desire to maintain ‘ ethos ’ and ‘ style ’ they miss completely the breath of the holy spirit 's life as it blows past them .

They were , first , practical measures such as speed humps to make drivers aware of their speed and thus slow their vehicles ; second , a designed environment that conveys to the driver the fact that the area is one whose function is principally for living not travelling , with a consequent imparted feeling that awareness of soft traffic is imperative ; third , a legal change in priority , so that all occupants of the street space are equal ; and fourth , lest drivers are encouraged to view the new street layout as a challenge to driving skill rather than an encouragement of self-restraint and caution , a new regulation on car speeds .
they were , first , practical measures such as speed humps to make drivers aware of their speed and thus slow their vehicles ; second , a designed environment that conveys to the driver the fact that the area is one whose function is principally for living not travelling , with a consequent imparted feeling that awareness of soft traffic is imperative ; third , a legal change in priority , so that all occupants of the street space are equal ; and fourth , [in case] drivers are encouraged to view the new street layout as a challenge to driving skill rather than an encouragement of self-restraint and caution , a new regulation on car speeds .

Lest we are in any doubt about where responsibility for pedestrian casualties lies , propaganda on pedestrian accidents is aimed at the pedestrian , rarely at the motorist : as one ‘ public information announcement ’ has it , ‘ One false move and you 're dead .
[in case] we are in any doubt about where responsibility for pedestrian casualties lies , propaganda on pedestrian accidents is aimed at the pedestrian , rarely at the motorist : as one ‘ public information announcement ’ has it , ‘ one false move and you 're dead .

When George Abbott , the Archbishop of Canterbury , accidentally shot dead a gamekeeper , Andrewes , as a member of a commission of enquiry , urged his colleagues ‘ Brethren , be not too busy to condemn any for uncanonicles according to the strictness thereof , lest we render ourselves in the same condition .
when george abbott , the archbishop of canterbury , accidentally shot dead a gamekeeper , andrewes , as a member of a commission of enquiry , urged his colleagues ‘ brethren , be not too busy to condemn any for uncanonicles according to the strictness thereof , [in case] we render ourselves in the same condition .

When the Dutch troops landed and passed through Wells , Ken wrote to James to say that he had withdrawn from his palace , taking his carriage horses lest they be commandeered ; indeed his previous service at William 's court would have caused much embarrassment if he had remained to meet him .
when the dutch troops landed and passed through wells , ken wrote to james to say that he had withdrawn from his palace , taking his carriage horses [in case] they be commandeered ; indeed his previous service at william 's court would have caused much embarrassment if he had remained to meet him .

Since the literary works to which Ken devoted himself in the long years which followed his brief episcopate were largely unremarkable and unread , the waste of his inspired and inspiring vocation as a bishop has appeared both to contemporary and subsequent critics exasperating ; for his scruples about swearing the oath of allegiance to William and Mary were so nearly overcome by his friends that he asked them not to continue their arguments lest he succumb .
since the literary works to which ken devoted himself in the long years which followed his brief episcopate were largely unremarkable and unread , the waste of his inspired and inspiring vocation as a bishop has appeared both to contemporary and subsequent critics exasperating ; for his scruples about swearing the oath of allegiance to william and mary were so nearly overcome by his friends that he asked them not to continue their arguments [in case] he succumb .

It is important to begin with this sense of perspective , lest the impression be given that politics exists only for the benefit of those who practise it — a kind of hobby ( or , better still , paid profession ) for an educated élite who compete among themselves for the ‘ prize ’ of being on the winning side that forms the next government .
it is important to begin with this sense of perspective , [in case] the impression be given that politics exists only for the benefit of those who practise it — a kind of hobby ( or , better still , paid profession ) for an educated élite who compete among themselves for the ‘ prize ’ of being on the winning side that forms the next government .

Lest we forget — lest we forget !
[in case] we forget — [in case] we forget !

Lest we forget — lest we forget !
[in case] we forget — [in case] we forget !

Lest we forget — lest we forget !
[in case] we forget — [in case] we forget !

But lest we fear that party time is over , in comes news of a rather spiffing affair held last week in the rather gorgeous setting of the Rovers Return pub in Coronation Street .
but [in case] we fear that party time is over , in comes news of a rather spiffing affair held last week in the rather gorgeous setting of the rovers return pub in coronation street .

The loyalty that he inspired was genuine , but in the end it became self-defeating , as Kinnock himself realised — witness his damaging refusal to state his own position on electoral reform , lest it should close off discussion .
the loyalty that he inspired was genuine , but in the end it became self-defeating , as kinnock himself realised — witness his damaging refusal to state his own position on electoral reform , [in case] it should close off discussion .

Lest chichi-vache you swolwe in hir entraile .
[in case] chichi-vache you swolwe in hir entraile .

Lest Gorgon rising from the infernal lakes
[in case] gorgon rising from the infernal lakes

Everyday concerns such as urinating , taking a shower or having a routine medical examination become nightmares of concealment , lest someone spot his giveaway lack in the foreskin department .
everyday concerns such as urinating , taking a shower or having a routine medical examination become nightmares of concealment , [in case] someone spot his giveaway lack in the foreskin department .

He knew that he ought to see a physician , but was unwilling to do so lest he be told that he was not , after all , cured of syphilis .
he knew that he ought to see a physician , but was unwilling to do so [in case] he be told that he was not , after all , cured of syphilis .

Lessing 's close-set eyes followed him , and Nathan Holland who was hurrying after lest Paul slip on the stairs .
lessing 's close-set eyes followed him , and nathan holland who was hurrying after [in case] paul slip on the stairs .

The Duke had cause for worry , yet as he strolled down the rue Royale he was forced to put a brave face on the desperate odds lest his enemies took courage from his despair.The Duke could also cling to one strong hope , namely that his scratch army would not fight Napoleon alone , but alongside Prince Blücher 's Prussians .
the duke had cause for worry , yet as he strolled down the rue royale he was forced to put a brave face on the desperate odds [in case] his enemies took courage from his despair.the duke could also cling to one strong hope , namely that his scratch army would not fight napoleon alone , but alongside prince blücher 's prussians .

Hopes and anticipation you will have , but it is necessary to temper the feelings with a warning lest the expectation evaporate in a cloud of disappointment .
hopes and anticipation you will have , but it is necessary to temper the feelings with a warning [in case] the expectation evaporate in a cloud of disappointment .

Remembering the events of the fatal Second Council the strength of Phoenix Guard was doubled , and they were sworn to silence lest word of the princes ' deliberations fall into the hands of spies .
remembering the events of the fatal second council the strength of phoenix guard was doubled , and they were sworn to silence [in case] word of the princes ' deliberations fall into the hands of spies .

That this ‘ fourth channel ’ was the last available national channel transformed it into a very valuable national resource and , consequently , there has always been some concern lest one make a terrible ‘ mistake ’ in allocating it to some unworthy body or organization .
that this ‘ fourth channel ’ was the last available national channel transformed it into a very valuable national resource and , consequently , there has always been some concern [in case] one make a terrible ‘ mistake ’ in allocating it to some unworthy body or organization .

‘ The Stealers must remain a secret from our multitude of worlds , save for leaders who need to know , lest confusion spreads .
‘ the stealers must remain a secret from our multitude of worlds , save for leaders who need to know , [in case] confusion spreads .

He dared not , lest his inner thoughts might be snooped upon by an interloper .
he dared not , [in case] his inner thoughts might be snooped upon by an interloper .

It has a slatted wooden floor and is often without bedding lest it be eaten .
it has a slatted wooden floor and is often without bedding [in case] it be eaten .

Relatives are often fearful of complaining lest there is a backlash in the kind of treatment or care the family member receives .
relatives are often fearful of complaining [in case] there is a backlash in the kind of treatment or care the family member receives .

Lest we 're parted by the crowd ,
[in case] we 're parted by the crowd ,

The crew of the Kontiki raft were worried lest their balsa logs should sink under them on their long voyage although , in the event , the soakage was not very great .
the crew of the kontiki raft were worried [in case] their balsa logs should sink under them on their long voyage although , in the event , the soakage was not very great .

And running under a certain island which is called Clauda , we had much work to come by the boat : which when they had taken up , they used helps , undergirding the ship ; and , fearing lest they should fall into the quicksands , struck sail , and so were driven .
and running under a certain island which is called clauda , we had much work to come by the boat : which when they had taken up , they used helps , undergirding the ship ; and , fearing [in case] they should fall into the quicksands , struck sail , and so were driven .

Certain information is not compatible with the psychology of the masses ‘ lest it be trampled asunder ’ , abused , ridiculed by sceptics or used towards destructive ends .
certain information is not compatible with the psychology of the masses ‘ [in case] it be trampled asunder ’ , abused , ridiculed by sceptics or used towards destructive ends .

If you are organising an event in the coming months , please send us full details of your race at lest 12 weeks in advance to meet our deadlines .
if you are organising an event in the coming months , please send us full details of your race at [in case] 12 weeks in advance to meet our deadlines .

Especially in accounts of how one sibling became the main carer for a parent , there is a sense of people guarding their own position , lest too much should be expected of them .
especially in accounts of how one sibling became the main carer for a parent , there is a sense of people guarding their own position , [in case] too much should be expected of them .

Best of all Miss Martineau writes with a wry humour — of the karaoke bar that bans her as a foreigner and then welcomes her lest her Japanese host lose face ; of the popularity of sado-masochistic pornography , but without pubic hair ; of the burglar who first took his shoes off .
best of all miss martineau writes with a wry humour — of the karaoke bar that bans her as a foreigner and then welcomes her [in case] her japanese host lose face ; of the popularity of sado-masochistic pornography , but without pubic hair ; of the burglar who first took his shoes off .

When Israel had a Likud government , it refused to hold bilateral talks with any Palestinian from Jerusalem ( lest Israeli sovereignty over the city be challenged ) or from outside the occupied territories ( lest discussion should turn to the refugees ' ‘ right of return ’ ) .
when israel had a likud government , it refused to hold bilateral talks with any palestinian from jerusalem ( [in case] israeli sovereignty over the city be challenged ) or from outside the occupied territories ( [in case] discussion should turn to the refugees ' ‘ right of return ’ ) .

The arrangement , however , was successfully pressed by the friends of the Duke of Montrose , in order , hopefully , to heal the threat of division in the county , lest feelings of dislike be aroused to the point of threatening the stability of the Montrose interest in parliamentary politics .
the arrangement , however , was successfully pressed by the friends of the duke of montrose , in order , hopefully , to heal the threat of division in the county , [in case] feelings of dislike be aroused to the point of threatening the stability of the montrose interest in parliamentary politics .

Even Mr Alphandéry worries lest ‘ in the framework of ’ imply that French monetary policy will still be subjugated to politicians ' general economic objectives .
even mr alphandéry worries [in case] ‘ in the framework of ’ imply that french monetary policy will still be subjugated to politicians ' general economic objectives .

Many teachers know of their own cover-up operations , and fear lest a personal Watergate scandal be revealed .
many teachers know of their own cover-up operations , and fear [in case] a personal watergate scandal be revealed .

this either means that a lot of it is rubbish or it 's so blinking brilliant They could n't show the lot lest our brains exploded with pleasure .
this either means that a lot of it is rubbish or it 's so blinking brilliant they could n't show the lot [in case] our brains exploded with pleasure .

In some parts of the East , trackers used to cut the hairs in their nostrils lest the noise of air passing through these as they breathed should alert the tiger to their presence .
in some parts of the east , trackers used to cut the hairs in their nostrils [in case] the noise of air passing through these as they breathed should alert the tiger to their presence .

Lest we forget
[in case] we forget

There are many instances of white youths being pressured by their parents to give up their sport in preference for more reasonable and secure occupations , lest they invest their time and energies in a pointless pursuit of intangible dreams .
there are many instances of white youths being pressured by their parents to give up their sport in preference for more reasonable and secure occupations , [in case] they invest their time and energies in a pointless pursuit of intangible dreams .

And lest we be dazzled by the glare of the morning star of modernity , let us not forget that the morning star in biblical imagery is another name for Lucifer : we must not fail , if we are to defeat the Enemy , to detect the dark side of the Enlightenment .
and [in case] we be dazzled by the glare of the morning star of modernity , let us not forget that the morning star in biblical imagery is another name for lucifer : we must not fail , if we are to defeat the enemy , to detect the dark side of the enlightenment .

After all , lest we forget , the church , sociologically speaking , started as a sect of Judaism .
after all , [in case] we forget , the church , sociologically speaking , started as a sect of judaism .

As time passed , Elena too became the subject of such gestures of endorsement from the West which were duly recorded for the benefit of Romanians , lest they forget by just how an extraordinary couple they were ruled .
as time passed , elena too became the subject of such gestures of endorsement from the west which were duly recorded for the benefit of romanians , [in case] they forget by just how an extraordinary couple they were ruled .

( Lest it be thought that that example does not count because it is seventeenth-century English , it is worth noting that modern translations retain the and at the beginning of that verse . )
( [in case] it be thought that that example does not count because it is seventeenth-century english , it is worth noting that modern translations retain the and at the beginning of that verse . )

She wore a nylon jacket to make the breakfast lest her clothes gets spattered before she went out to work .
she wore a nylon jacket to make the breakfast [in case] her clothes gets spattered before she went out to work .

She had even left a photograph of Joseph Hegarty in the boy 's room lest he should think that his father was being banished from his memory on top of everything else .
she had even left a photograph of joseph hegarty in the boy 's room [in case] he should think that his father was being banished from his memory on top of everything else .

John Foley turned his head away lest his annoyance be seen .
john foley turned his head away [in case] his annoyance be seen .

But tonight there had been no time to get the cheese or sardines or cold ham that made his evening meal ; Sean never liked to cook in his bedsit above the premises of Hogan 's lest the smell of food linger and be deemed offensive .
but tonight there had been no time to get the cheese or sardines or cold ham that made his evening meal ; sean never liked to cook in his bedsit above the premises of hogan 's [in case] the smell of food linger and be deemed offensive .

The attack on Derek by the roughs who had been paid £3 each was worrying lest it should be repeated .
the attack on derek by the roughs who had been paid £3 each was worrying [in case] it should be repeated .

Eventually it was agreed between Elizabeth Woodville and Anne 's mother that Anne would remain in London , at least for the time being — but that for safety 's sake , and lest her true identity be recognized , she should be sent secretly to the Abbey of the Minoresses which stood only a short distance from the Tower .
eventually it was agreed between elizabeth woodville and anne 's mother that anne would remain in london , at least for the time being — but that for safety 's sake , and [in case] her true identity be recognized , she should be sent secretly to the abbey of the minoresses which stood only a short distance from the tower .

So leaving the Zande again and moving back to our own cultural tradition at the time of St Augustine of Hippo ( 354–430 ) , we find the public orators and professors of late antiquity understandably fearful lest their memories might be stolen by witches .
so leaving the zande again and moving back to our own cultural tradition at the time of st augustine of hippo ( 354–430 ) , we find the public orators and professors of late antiquity understandably fearful [in case] their memories might be stolen by witches .

In such cases , it is of utmost importance to retrieve it lest the patient dies .
in such cases , it is of utmost importance to retrieve it [in case] the patient dies .

Every generation of pig and chicken must be deliberately domesticated or incorporated into human society lest it go wild .
every generation of pig and chicken must be deliberately domesticated or incorporated into human society [in case] it go wild .

‘ Cadet : be advised to beware which obscenities you scream during punishment , lest you rate further chastisement .
‘ cadet : be advised to beware which obscenities you scream during punishment , [in case] you rate further chastisement .

Marines raced at powerspeed to empty their boltguns into its heavy weapons , now laid low , so as to pierce casings and blast actuators lest the Moderati recover from the stun and injuries of the fall …
marines raced at powerspeed to empty their boltguns into its heavy weapons , now laid low , so as to pierce casings and blast actuators [in case] the moderati recover from the stun and injuries of the fall …

Cases on which you are relying should be checked in the list of cases judicially considered in the Law Reports Indexes ( red and pink ) or in The Digest , lest they have been overruled , not followed or doubted , or in the hope that they have been followed or approved .
cases on which you are relying should be checked in the list of cases judicially considered in the law reports indexes ( red and pink ) or in the digest , [in case] they have been overruled , not followed or doubted , or in the hope that they have been followed or approved .

In September 1989 , it was reported that the Home Secretary had begun a series of private discussions with public officials including the Lord Chancellor , the Lord Chief Justice ( who had hitherto been reluctant to participate in such discussions lest they were seen as prejudicing judicial independence ) and the senior Lord Justice of Appeal .
in september 1989 , it was reported that the home secretary had begun a series of private discussions with public officials including the lord chancellor , the lord chief justice ( who had hitherto been reluctant to participate in such discussions [in case] they were seen as prejudicing judicial independence ) and the senior lord justice of appeal .

and not daring to spend the time she used to in study lest she be dangerously good , she now had hours and hours in which to brood and her old pains came back to life .
and not daring to spend the time she used to in study [in case] she be dangerously good , she now had hours and hours in which to brood and her old pains came back to life .

She could n't even write to her , lest her letters be opened by that two-faced ugly bitch of a matron .
she could n't even write to her , [in case] her letters be opened by that two-faced ugly bitch of a matron .

More important , lest this be thought a linguistic quibble , without them a system of government lacks the legitimacy a constitution gives and a political system the protection it offers .
more important , [in case] this be thought a linguistic quibble , without them a system of government lacks the legitimacy a constitution gives and a political system the protection it offers .

There is sometimes a pull to a ‘ lowest common denominator ’ approach , lest any feel excluded .
there is sometimes a pull to a ‘ lowest common denominator ’ approach , [in case] any feel excluded .

Lest it be thought that the form of cultural essentialism being challenged here appears only in lay public debate , consider this astonishing but revealing passage from Professor John Rex , a leading figure in British ‘ race relations ’ research .
[in case] it be thought that the form of cultural essentialism being challenged here appears only in lay public debate , consider this astonishing but revealing passage from professor john rex , a leading figure in british ‘ race relations ’ research .

And the king shut his daughter in a tower , lest she be stolen again .
and the king shut his daughter in a tower , [in case] she be stolen again .

The liberals did little to win colonial opinion ; they restricted the number of American deputies in the new constitution lest American opinion should ‘ swamp ’ the Cortes ; they neglected the protests that the ‘ American ’ deputies already in Cadiz had no claims to represent American opinion ; they refused any substantial concession of freer trade .
the liberals did little to win colonial opinion ; they restricted the number of american deputies in the new constitution [in case] american opinion should ‘ swamp ’ the cortes ; they neglected the protests that the ‘ american ’ deputies already in cadiz had no claims to represent american opinion ; they refused any substantial concession of freer trade .

‘ That 's an important facet of our work , Doctor , lest you forget .
‘ that 's an important facet of our work , doctor , [in case] you forget .

Carefully , crouching to hold the jar low against the ground lest the wind whip any of the powder back towards him , he sprinkled the contents of the jar across the end of the dirt road just before the gate .
carefully , crouching to hold the jar low against the ground [in case] the wind whip any of the powder back towards him , he sprinkled the contents of the jar across the end of the dirt road just before the gate .

‘ Oh , well , please yourself , ’ he said and , worried lest Primrose should have felt excluded from the conversation , as well as the trip to Southampton , he offered to give her two of his tickets to Wimbledon .
‘ oh , well , please yourself , ’ he said and , worried [in case] primrose should have felt excluded from the conversation , as well as the trip to southampton , he offered to give her two of his tickets to wimbledon .

Afraid lest she had revealed too much , she added quickly , ‘ Tell me about your visit to Maythorpe House .
afraid [in case] she had revealed too much , she added quickly , ‘ tell me about your visit to maythorpe house .

It must be stressed at the outset , lest the importance of this form of liability be exaggerated , that the plaintiffs lost their case because the predominant purpose of the embargo was to promote the interests of the union members rather than to injure the plaintiffs , but their Lordships made it clear that if the predominant purpose of a combination is to injure another in his trade or business or in his other legitimate interests then , if damage results , the tort of conspiracy exists .
it must be stressed at the outset , [in case] the importance of this form of liability be exaggerated , that the plaintiffs lost their case because the predominant purpose of the embargo was to promote the interests of the union members rather than to injure the plaintiffs , but their lordships made it clear that if the predominant purpose of a combination is to injure another in his trade or business or in his other legitimate interests then , if damage results , the tort of conspiracy exists .

Moreover , there was some evidence of a feeling in the country that the state must not too readily take on the care of children lest it undermine the responsibilities of parents .
moreover , there was some evidence of a feeling in the country that the state must not too readily take on the care of children [in case] it undermine the responsibilities of parents .

In the progress to this climax bishops — particularly Stratford and Orleton — had been prominent : seeking his abdication , reporting his defiance , bullying him into acquiescence , and inducing parliament to consent to deposition lest doubts about his abdication remain .
in the progress to this climax bishops — particularly stratford and orleton — had been prominent : seeking his abdication , reporting his defiance , bullying him into acquiescence , and inducing parliament to consent to deposition [in case] doubts about his abdication remain .

With little experience of Visual Effects construction techniques , Cusick was concerned lest the labour fees involved ( the costliest part of any Effects job ) would make his drawings cost-impractical .
with little experience of visual effects construction techniques , cusick was concerned [in case] the labour fees involved ( the costliest part of any effects job ) would make his drawings cost-impractical .

She was worried lest Uncle Vernon or Lily might see her going into Philip Neri 's and was relieved when they went instead to St Peter 's in Seel Street .
she was worried [in case] uncle vernon or lily might see her going into philip neri 's and was relieved when they went instead to st peter 's in seel street .

He was already worried lest she should tell someone what had happened .
he was already worried [in case] she should tell someone what had happened .

She came to the hearth , worried lest O'Hara should get his hands dirty .
she came to the hearth , worried [in case] o'hara should get his hands dirty .

He does , however , urge that disclosure orders ought not to be made save in the most exceptional circumstances lest otherwise the public interest underlying the immunity be insidiously destroyed .
he does , however , urge that disclosure orders ought not to be made save in the most exceptional circumstances [in case] otherwise the public interest underlying the immunity be insidiously destroyed .

Jessica had refrained from expressing any further disquiet over them — at lest to me .
jessica had refrained from expressing any further disquiet over them — at [in case] to me .

Later , under Roman occupation , they maintained with unbreakable courage their strict monotheism ; so much so that the Roman governor did not even dare to bring his standards into Jerusalem lest the medallions on them depicting the emperor should be thought to infringe the Second Commandment .
later , under roman occupation , they maintained with unbreakable courage their strict monotheism ; so much so that the roman governor did not even dare to bring his standards into jerusalem [in case] the medallions on them depicting the emperor should be thought to infringe the second commandment .

the devil ) has blinded the minds of those who do not believe , lest the light of the glorious gospel of Christ , who is the image of God , should shine on them ’ .
the devil ) has blinded the minds of those who do not believe , [in case] the light of the glorious gospel of christ , who is the image of god , should shine on them ’ .

Dalgliesh had recognised , with foreboding , a familiar phenomenon : the desire of a witness , aware of the paucity of her evidence , to make the most of it lest the police be disappointed , while remaining as far as possible within the confines of truth .
dalgliesh had recognised , with foreboding , a familiar phenomenon : the desire of a witness , aware of the paucity of her evidence , to make the most of it [in case] the police be disappointed , while remaining as far as possible within the confines of truth .

Parents cut off their private parts , lest they ever have children to fall prey to monsters like these .
parents cut off their private parts , [in case] they ever have children to fall prey to monsters like these .

Several colleagues remember her habit of turning a design to one side and the other and back again lest anything in it could be viewed as a tiny insect or wild animal 's eyes , thus creating horrible fear for an imaginative child .
several colleagues remember her habit of turning a design to one side and the other and back again [in case] anything in it could be viewed as a tiny insect or wild animal 's eyes , thus creating horrible fear for an imaginative child .

No , best set such thoughts aside , lest he find himself thinking of nothing else .
no , best set such thoughts aside , [in case] he find himself thinking of nothing else .

And when he returned he took care in opening the door , lest ‘ Gweder ’ should slip out past him .
and when he returned he took care in opening the door , [in case] ‘ gweder ’ should slip out past him .

They crept up the back staircase to the third floor , testing each tread for creaks before stepping on it , nightclothes bunched in one hand lest they trip .
they crept up the back staircase to the third floor , testing each tread for creaks before stepping on it , nightclothes bunched in one hand [in case] they trip .

Black fury rose in him against the evil creature who was leeching Ireland of her youth , but Nuadu quenched it , lest the Robemaker turn it to his use .
black fury rose in him against the evil creature who was leeching ireland of her youth , but nuadu quenched it , [in case] the robemaker turn it to his use .

Joe was still careful to keep their meetings secret lest some kind friend wrote about them to Terry , but Maureen and Sarah 's father made the meetings easier for them .
joe was still careful to keep their meetings secret [in case] some kind friend wrote about them to terry , but maureen and sarah 's father made the meetings easier for them .

Lest we be misinterpreted on this matter , we are not advocating the abolition of grouping or the withdrawal of encouragement .
[in case] we be misinterpreted on this matter , we are not advocating the abolition of grouping or the withdrawal of encouragement .

They were not to speak , Jotan had instructed , lest they distract the lantern-bearer .
they were not to speak , jotan had instructed , [in case] they distract the lantern-bearer .

It is rising so high that makes us afraid , he thought , lest we fall or are cast down .
it is rising so high that makes us afraid , he thought , [in case] we fall or are cast down .

She stood outside looking up at a creamy moon , fearful lest some bat might fly into her hair .
she stood outside looking up at a creamy moon , fearful [in case] some bat might fly into her hair .

You 'll get a special voucher if you 're prescribed glasses with at lest one exceptionally powerful lens .
you 'll get a special voucher if you 're prescribed glasses with at [in case] one exceptionally powerful lens .

But — lest you sicken of squalor , gentle reader , and forbear to read any more of the horrid stuff — you are kept going with upmarket , upbeat physical descriptions .
but — [in case] you sicken of squalor , gentle reader , and forbear to read any more of the horrid stuff — you are kept going with upmarket , upbeat physical descriptions .

So that was where mother had kept all that string from parcels which must not be discarded lest it be needed .
so that was where mother had kept all that string from parcels which must not be discarded [in case] it be needed .

Such talent as Kim had should be harnessed , such men rewarded well , or destroyed , lest they destroy you .
such talent as kim had should be harnessed , such men rewarded well , or destroyed , [in case] they destroy you .

Gilbert retrieved the portable equipment which Frye had been using and led the way gingerly to the corridor , asking weakly : ‘ Which door ? Where ? ’ Cardiff pushed past , and now they were all heading down that corridor past the two elevators on their left ; still looking back to the reception doors lest that monstrous shadow should suddenly reappear .
gilbert retrieved the portable equipment which frye had been using and led the way gingerly to the corridor , asking weakly : ‘ which door ? where ? ’ cardiff pushed past , and now they were all heading down that corridor past the two elevators on their left ; still looking back to the reception doors [in case] that monstrous shadow should suddenly reappear .

Then , hurrying lest her nerves fail her too , she unbuckled her seat-belt and climbed out .
then , hurrying [in case] her nerves fail her too , she unbuckled her seat-belt and climbed out .

Answer not a fool according to his folly , lest thou be like unto him .
answer not a fool according to his folly , [in case] thou be like unto him .

Answer a fool according to his folly , lest he be wise in his own conceit .
answer a fool according to his folly , [in case] he be wise in his own conceit .

Geographers who want to work in the environmental sciences must be willing to learn the methods of these sciences , lest we lose the respect of our colleagues in such fields .
geographers who want to work in the environmental sciences must be willing to learn the methods of these sciences , [in case] we lose the respect of our colleagues in such fields .

She hugged the Rodney to her breast , fearful lest they take it away from her .
she hugged the rodney to her breast , fearful [in case] they take it away from her .

Soviet leaders were concerned lest this Warsaw Pact state sanction the neutralisation of a state which had a socialist-inclined regime and was upheld by Soviet troops .
soviet leaders were concerned [in case] this warsaw pact state sanction the neutralisation of a state which had a socialist-inclined regime and was upheld by soviet troops .

They are the shield against fraud and deception , the guardian of interests in land , which need to be published to the world lest they be overlooked or overridden .
they are the shield against fraud and deception , the guardian of interests in land , which need to be published to the world [in case] they be overlooked or overridden .

Buyers are usually the people fearful of their contract being overreached who register an estate contract , but sometimes lessors will register , or require a lessee to register an option for renewal or for the purchase of the reversion contained in the lease , lest they be pursued under their covenant if , in the meantime , the reversion has been sold before an estate contract has been registered .
buyers are usually the people fearful of their contract being overreached who register an estate contract , but sometimes lessors will register , or require a lessee to register an option for renewal or for the purchase of the reversion contained in the lease , [in case] they be pursued under their covenant if , in the meantime , the reversion has been sold before an estate contract has been registered .

On the other hand , the person who discovers a lump under their skin but is too frightened to go to the doctor lest he diagnose cancer will be perpetuating the threatening situation — and this would hold even if the lump was in fact benign .
on the other hand , the person who discovers a lump under their skin but is too frightened to go to the doctor [in case] he diagnose cancer will be perpetuating the threatening situation — and this would hold even if the lump was in fact benign .

‘ Be warned ! ’ he said . ‘ Lest you , too , be crushed and defiled ! Guard your footsteps ! Look over your shoulder ! ’
‘ be warned ! ’ he said . ‘ [in case] you , too , be crushed and defiled ! guard your footsteps ! look over your shoulder ! ’

Moreover , the effect of avian frugivores on insect frugivores may be to force the latter to eat unripe fruits or leave the host , lest they be eaten by omnivorous birds .
moreover , the effect of avian frugivores on insect frugivores may be to force the latter to eat unripe fruits or leave the host , [in case] they be eaten by omnivorous birds .

Had he been so certain then he would n't still be guarding her name so zealously lest any whisper of their attachment got out and so caused Rosemary to decide never to see him again .
had he been so certain then he would n't still be guarding her name so zealously [in case] any whisper of their attachment got out and so caused rosemary to decide never to see him again .

There were many more such households in the 1991 Census than in previous years ; this is generally thought to be because many people evaded the enumerators lest they be made to pay the Community Charge .
there were many more such households in the 1991 census than in previous years ; this is generally thought to be because many people evaded the enumerators [in case] they be made to pay the community charge .

However , if the tenant has the right to determine the lease , the draftsman must be careful lest that right should have the effect of making time limits in the rent review procedure of the essence .
however , if the tenant has the right to determine the lease , the draftsman must be careful [in case] that right should have the effect of making time limits in the rent review procedure of the essence .

However , as a result of Russell v Northern Bank it is less likely that companies will be parties to such agreements lest any provision in the agreement is considered a fetter of the vendor 's statutory powers and the agreement is declared invalid .
however , as a result of russell v northern bank it is less likely that companies will be parties to such agreements [in case] any provision in the agreement is considered a fetter of the vendor 's statutory powers and the agreement is declared invalid .

Just the heat , `` muttered the Collector , dreading lest he be taken to the hospital . ``
just the heat , `` muttered the collector , dreading [in case] he be taken to the hospital . ``

Let us take care , on the advice of Dr Dunstaple , to ventilate our rooms , our clothes and our persons as best we can lest cholera be present in an invisible poisonous miasma .
let us take care , on the advice of dr dunstaple , to ventilate our rooms , our clothes and our persons as best we can [in case] cholera be present in an invisible poisonous miasma .

The Collector was careful to embrace this conviction in a moderate manner , lest he be tipped out of the chair in which he was no longer sitting .
the collector was careful to embrace this conviction in a moderate manner , [in case] he be tipped out of the chair in which he was no longer sitting .

`` It 's just a trick , really , it 's easy , `` said Clara , and she took back the egg , and found that she could not put it together again either , so they decided to abandon it , and left it in little pieces in a glass dish on the mantelpiece with some dry and coloured gourds , and then they went downstairs and out into the park , and walked towards the bus stop , and Clara explained , lest the gourds and the egg should be thought to reflect in any way on herself , that they had been given to her by a friend the week before , to celebrate her twenty-second birthday .
`` it 's just a trick , really , it 's easy , `` said clara , and she took back the egg , and found that she could not put it together again either , so they decided to abandon it , and left it in little pieces in a glass dish on the mantelpiece with some dry and coloured gourds , and then they went downstairs and out into the park , and walked towards the bus stop , and clara explained , [in case] the gourds and the egg should be thought to reflect in any way on herself , that they had been given to her by a friend the week before , to celebrate her twenty-second birthday .

And she also felt slightly nervous lest the large house should suddenly disgorge many other hidden residents , for what would she do if suddenly confronted , at one go , with Amelia , Magnus , Gabriel , and Annunciata , and all their varying wives and husbands ?
and she also felt slightly nervous [in case] the large house should suddenly disgorge many other hidden residents , for what would she do if suddenly confronted , at one go , with amelia , magnus , gabriel , and annunciata , and all their varying wives and husbands ?

Their family reputation may be thought to be at stake ; the parents may fear lest care of the grandchild should become their responsibility ; the prospect of the girl 's becoming a `` bad girl `` may weigh heavily ; punishment — of the girl , the man concerned or both -may be a primary demand .
their family reputation may be thought to be at stake ; the parents may fear [in case] care of the grandchild should become their responsibility ; the prospect of the girl 's becoming a `` bad girl `` may weigh heavily ; punishment — of the girl , the man concerned or both -may be a primary demand .

Artemis helped her and they both instinctively began to hurry , lest Artemis 's father should return and find them still there , even though he had given his permission .
artemis helped her and they both instinctively began to hurry , [in case] artemis 's father should return and find them still there , even though he had given his permission .

Since her father had not stipulated the exact time when they were to ride , Artemis was dressed and in the stables at first light lest she miss her treat by being late .
since her father had not stipulated the exact time when they were to ride , artemis was dressed and in the stables at first light [in case] she miss her treat by being late .

Minor changes , necessitated by increased expenditure on naval building and on education after 1870 , brought from Conservative MPs pleas for no further change lest lower-middle-class voters be alienated .
minor changes , necessitated by increased expenditure on naval building and on education after 1870 , brought from conservative mps pleas for no further change [in case] lower-middle-class voters be alienated .

Accordingly , when Kepler first heard of Galileo 's telescopic observations , he was alarmed lest the satellites reported should be planets orbiting another sun .
accordingly , when kepler first heard of galileo 's telescopic observations , he was alarmed [in case] the satellites reported should be planets orbiting another sun .

There was mounting anxiety among the Jesuits lest Galileo had a decisive argument against the Tychonic system , which he was bound to conceal .
there was mounting anxiety among the jesuits [in case] galileo had a decisive argument against the tychonic system , which he was bound to conceal .

Broomhead had tied the cabinet to the rave of the cart , lest it fall over and become more scratched if by any faint chance the horse decided to show some signs of life .
broomhead had tied the cabinet to the rave of the cart , [in case] it fall over and become more scratched if by any faint chance the horse decided to show some signs of life .

And John of Salisbury was not alone in believing that the administrative class was in dire need of instruction , lest it subvert the common good in its own or its master 's interests .
and john of salisbury was not alone in believing that the administrative class was in dire need of instruction , [in case] it subvert the common good in its own or its master 's interests .

Lest our bodies be polluted .
[in case] our bodies be polluted .

Part of that collusion took the form of a reaction against ‘ psycho-analysts like Freud , lest they awaken people to the realisation that the focus of power might be within one 's self rather than ‘ up there ’ . Was that part of the intellectual landscape with you ?
part of that collusion took the form of a reaction against ‘ psycho-analysts like freud , [in case] they awaken people to the realisation that the focus of power might be within one 's self rather than ‘ up there ’ . was that part of the intellectual landscape with you ?

The end of this demographic spike ( smaller than that which followed the end of the First World War ) brought a renewal of anxiety , expressed in the Royal Commission 's Report ( 1949 ) , lest renewed low fertility should revive the threat of population decline .
the end of this demographic spike ( smaller than that which followed the end of the first world war ) brought a renewal of anxiety , expressed in the royal commission 's report ( 1949 ) , [in case] renewed low fertility should revive the threat of population decline .

Lest we seem obsessed with sex , we should point out that only 18 % of our respondents ranked it ‘ very ’ important in their lives — with the largest group ( 47 % ) putting it at a more discreet ‘ quite ’ important .
[in case] we seem obsessed with sex , we should point out that only 18 % of our respondents ranked it ‘ very ’ important in their lives — with the largest group ( 47 % ) putting it at a more discreet ‘ quite ’ important .

In the early stages of their campaign in the 1920s , supporters of family allowances were concerned lest fear of over-population militated against their proposals .
in the early stages of their campaign in the 1920s , supporters of family allowances were concerned [in case] fear of over-population militated against their proposals .

The newspaper became embarrassed ; so much so that they ran a follow-up feature called ‘ Lest We Forget ’ .
the newspaper became embarrassed ; so much so that they ran a follow-up feature called ‘ [in case] we forget ’ .

Towards the end of his life Freud was worried lest ‘ psychoanalysis as a therapeutic procedure swallow up psychoanalysis as a science ’ .
towards the end of his life freud was worried [in case] ‘ psychoanalysis as a therapeutic procedure swallow up psychoanalysis as a science ’ .

He went on , ‘ Lest we should seem to neglect our right and the gift of heavenly grace or be unwilling to conform the impulse of our will to the divine pleasure , we have recognized our right to the kingdom and have undertaken the burden of the rule of that kingdom , as we ought to do .
he went on , ‘ [in case] we should seem to neglect our right and the gift of heavenly grace or be unwilling to conform the impulse of our will to the divine pleasure , we have recognized our right to the kingdom and have undertaken the burden of the rule of that kingdom , as we ought to do .

There is the need to shield from public view the transactions between administrative agencies and private business lest commercial interests become threatened by ‘ unfair ’ competition .
there is the need to shield from public view the transactions between administrative agencies and private business [in case] commercial interests become threatened by ‘ unfair ’ competition .

‘ All that means is it 's cash-in-hand and there are women involved somewhere . Where , when and , lest we forget , how much ? ’
‘ all that means is it 's cash-in-hand and there are women involved somewhere . where , when and , [in case] we forget , how much ? ’

’ Lest one might think that such patriotic sentiments came from a court milieu , for the anonymous author was probably a royal chaplain , one should remember that similar sentiments and the attribution of victory to God also occur in the London City Chronicles .
’ [in case] one might think that such patriotic sentiments came from a court milieu , for the anonymous author was probably a royal chaplain , one should remember that similar sentiments and the attribution of victory to god also occur in the london city chronicles .

However , we should be wary lest use of such an emotive and pejorative term leads to premature dismissal of legitimate arguments .
however , we should be wary [in case] use of such an emotive and pejorative term leads to premature dismissal of legitimate arguments .

Parents cut off their private parts , lest they ever have children to fall prey to monsters like these .
parents cut off their private parts , [in case] they ever have children to fall prey to monsters like these .

And there , ranged against them too were institutions like the American Negro Academy , formed in 1897 , whose male founders ( Black , lest we forget ) , decided that Black women were not competent for such an intellectual atmosphere , and excluded them from membership .
and there , ranged against them too were institutions like the american negro academy , formed in 1897 , whose male founders ( black , [in case] we forget ) , decided that black women were not competent for such an intellectual atmosphere , and excluded them from membership .

Underlying the strategic variants were similar fundamental objectives : the prevention of war in Europe ; the denial of sanctuary status to the superpower homelands lest Moscow and Washington should become too trigger-happy in Europe ; a continuing guarantee from the United States — but ideally one which was accompanied by overall American restraint in the conduct of the Cold War ; and the avoidance of major increases in Western European defence budgets .
underlying the strategic variants were similar fundamental objectives : the prevention of war in europe ; the denial of sanctuary status to the superpower homelands [in case] moscow and washington should become too trigger-happy in europe ; a continuing guarantee from the united states — but ideally one which was accompanied by overall american restraint in the conduct of the cold war ; and the avoidance of major increases in western european defence budgets .

Merrill glanced away lest he see the accusation in her eyes .
merrill glanced away [in case] he see the accusation in her eyes .

He had gingerly opened the Book , which was chained to the octiron pedestal in the middle of the rune-strewn floor not lest someone steal it , but lest it escape ; for it was the Octavo , so full of magic that it had its own vague sentience .
he had gingerly opened the book , which was chained to the octiron pedestal in the middle of the rune-strewn floor not [in case] someone steal it , but [in case] it escape ; for it was the octavo , so full of magic that it had its own vague sentience .

She had , therefore , dressed to escape notice in a dark linen suit and silk shirt , she had judged it , however , to be an occasion for a clerical collar , lest the Bishop should need reminding .
she had , therefore , dressed to escape notice in a dark linen suit and silk shirt , she had judged it , however , to be an occasion for a clerical collar , [in case] the bishop should need reminding .

At Baghdad 's international airport , the national carrier , Iraqi Airways , concerned lest there be raids by Iran in retaliation , took steps to disperse its fleet .
at baghdad 's international airport , the national carrier , iraqi airways , concerned [in case] there be raids by iran in retaliation , took steps to disperse its fleet .

Inside the hall — a catering palace of strict and impeccable kosher credentials , as Goldie reassures us , lest we fret — the two sexes part into separate rivers .
inside the hall — a catering palace of strict and impeccable kosher credentials , as goldie reassures us , [in case] we fret — the two sexes part into separate rivers .

It soon became so bad that Seb was concerned lest Carrie was unable to cross the farmyard from the cow-shed .
it soon became so bad that seb was concerned [in case] carrie was unable to cross the farmyard from the cow-shed .

Is the Minister aware that there were more than 17,000 people employed in the Scottish coal industry in 1984 , but by 1989 that figure had fallen to 3,480 and it will be even smaller now ? Will the Minister commit himself and the Government to the development of the coal industry in Scotland and say more about the Government 's intentions for Monktonhall , lest Yorkshire face the same problems as Scotland , as the Bishop of Durham made clear this weekend ?
is the minister aware that there were more than 17,000 people employed in the scottish coal industry in 1984 , but by 1989 that figure had fallen to 3,480 and it will be even smaller now ? will the minister commit himself and the government to the development of the coal industry in scotland and say more about the government 's intentions for monktonhall , [in case] yorkshire face the same problems as scotland , as the bishop of durham made clear this weekend ?

Then , lest he may , prevent . And since the quarrel
then , [in case] he may , prevent . and since the quarrel

Before the days of good roads and motor cars , a nearby railway station was a necessity for landed gentlemen , but not too close however , lest the view be spoilt or the ‘ hoi polloi ’ approach too closely to the stately mansion !
before the days of good roads and motor cars , a nearby railway station was a necessity for landed gentlemen , but not too close however , [in case] the view be spoilt or the ‘ hoi polloi ’ approach too closely to the stately mansion !

Lest too soon you make my children
[in case] too soon you make my children

Lest there be any doubts about this , consider the Maastricht Declaration on Voting in the Field of the Common Foreign and Security Policy : ‘ The Conference agrees that , with regard to Council decisions requiring unanimity , Member States will , to the extent possible , avoid preventing a unanimous decision where a qualified majority exists in favour of that decision .
[in case] there be any doubts about this , consider the maastricht declaration on voting in the field of the common foreign and security policy : ‘ the conference agrees that , with regard to council decisions requiring unanimity , member states will , to the extent possible , avoid preventing a unanimous decision where a qualified majority exists in favour of that decision .

He found it difficult to sleep at night , anxious lest his delay might cause further tragedy at Godstowe .
he found it difficult to sleep at night , anxious [in case] his delay might cause further tragedy at godstowe .

’ Nor should a gentlemen ever discuss that most unfashionable subject religion , lest some fanatic ‘ cause him bodily injury ’ ( still good advice in Delhi today ) .
’ nor should a gentlemen ever discuss that most unfashionable subject religion , [in case] some fanatic ‘ cause him bodily injury ’ ( still good advice in delhi today ) .

She waited to see if McGee would make it back from the drawing room then , fearful lest he should have to ring a second time , she opened the door .
she waited to see if mcgee would make it back from the drawing room then , fearful [in case] he should have to ring a second time , she opened the door .

The policy of withholding funds for investment in the reconstruction of the Basque Country , Catalonia and Asturias was a deliberate , punitive gesture , as well as a precautionary measure , lest too rapid or too successful economic recovery should lead to agitation for the political autonomy to which they had aspired — and , in the case of the Basque Country and Catalonia , enjoyed — under the Republic .
the policy of withholding funds for investment in the reconstruction of the basque country , catalonia and asturias was a deliberate , punitive gesture , as well as a precautionary measure , [in case] too rapid or too successful economic recovery should lead to agitation for the political autonomy to which they had aspired — and , in the case of the basque country and catalonia , enjoyed — under the republic .

For Franco , its acceptance by acclamation was proof that the enemies of Spain were still active and it was therefore necessary to keep a constant vigil , lest their conspiracy to destroy Spain should succeed .
for franco , its acceptance by acclamation was proof that the enemies of spain were still active and it was therefore necessary to keep a constant vigil , [in case] their conspiracy to destroy spain should succeed .

On April 22 , the second day of the picket , at lest 150 opponents of abortion were arrested as they attempted to breach police lines around the clinic .
on april 22 , the second day of the picket , at [in case] 150 opponents of abortion were arrested as they attempted to breach police lines around the clinic .

We children were always told to emphasise the `` full `` of the wash lest people think we were dirty , and given that most white people thought all black people were dirty it was a counter to any racialist-type thoughts that people might be harbouring .
we children were always told to emphasise the `` full `` of the wash [in case] people think we were dirty , and given that most white people thought all black people were dirty it was a counter to any racialist-type thoughts that people might be harbouring .

As military obligations were the only visible tie between Rome and the allies , Rome had to make the most of these obligations lest they became meaningless or , worse , lest the allied armies turn against Rome .
as military obligations were the only visible tie between rome and the allies , rome had to make the most of these obligations [in case] they became meaningless or , worse , [in case] the allied armies turn against rome .

To take care that in ploughing , the furrows are sufficiently ample and not hurried over , when good land is to be ploughed for fallow , the ploughmen to take care that they do not dip into bad soil , and in the time of rebinning not to go too deep , but to plough lightly just to destroy the weeds , lest if wet weather ensue when they come to sow the seed will be deposited in mud instead of solid soil .
to take care that in ploughing , the furrows are sufficiently ample and not hurried over , when good land is to be ploughed for fallow , the ploughmen to take care that they do not dip into bad soil , and in the time of rebinning not to go too deep , but to plough lightly just to destroy the weeds , [in case] if wet weather ensue when they come to sow the seed will be deposited in mud instead of solid soil .

From time to time he was instructed to raise money by conducting sales of wood from the king 's demesne , and he carried out the king 's policy regarding mining in the forest , which wavered between a desire to increase the Forest revenues and concern lest the vert be destroyed .
from time to time he was instructed to raise money by conducting sales of wood from the king 's demesne , and he carried out the king 's policy regarding mining in the forest , which wavered between a desire to increase the forest revenues and concern [in case] the vert be destroyed .

She was continuously anxious lest Mitzi upset coffee all over them both — the coffee-cups being very small , and seeming almost doll 's size in Mitzi 's hands .
she was continuously anxious [in case] mitzi upset coffee all over them both — the coffee-cups being very small , and seeming almost doll 's size in mitzi 's hands .

That in turn led to the assumption that diversity was embarrassing , that different standpoints within the biblical books should be harmonized , lest the authority of the sacred writings be diminished .
that in turn led to the assumption that diversity was embarrassing , that different standpoints within the biblical books should be harmonized , [in case] the authority of the sacred writings be diminished .

Lest they be contaminated by too frequent contact with the fudge and mudge of Whitehall , they were entertained to frequent lunches by right-wing organizations like Aims of Industry and the Institute of Directors .
[in case] they be contaminated by too frequent contact with the fudge and mudge of whitehall , they were entertained to frequent lunches by right-wing organizations like aims of industry and the institute of directors .

Businesses are worried lest pushing things too fast leads to the adoption of quotas for women and minorities .
businesses are worried [in case] pushing things too fast leads to the adoption of quotas for women and minorities .

The Cubans hope to make their own spare parts and replacements ; lest that should fail , the state has set up a breeding-station for draft oxen .
the cubans hope to make their own spare parts and replacements ; [in case] that should fail , the state has set up a breeding-station for draft oxen .

No matter what disasters in the world , no matter what the weather , the dedicated company of campanologists assembled every Wednesday night and the bells of the Norman tower rang out over the Suffolk fields , ceasing promptly at nine lest they should disturb the local population .
no matter what disasters in the world , no matter what the weather , the dedicated company of campanologists assembled every wednesday night and the bells of the norman tower rang out over the suffolk fields , ceasing promptly at nine [in case] they should disturb the local population .

The companies are watching carefully lest other lobbyists try to slip the tougher provisions back in .
the companies are watching carefully [in case] other lobbyists try to slip the tougher provisions back in .

The problem is partly the result of regulation that prevents betting shops being made attractive , lest they persuade anyone to go in .
the problem is partly the result of regulation that prevents betting shops being made attractive , [in case] they persuade anyone to go in .

Thus when they flew up to Balmoral for the first time after his birth , the entire family travelled together , despite the merchants of doom who insisted they should never fly together in the same plane lest it crash and kill both heir and second-in-line to the throne .
thus when they flew up to balmoral for the first time after his birth , the entire family travelled together , despite the merchants of doom who insisted they should never fly together in the same plane [in case] it crash and kill both heir and second-in-line to the throne .

When he went to the zoo he passed the elephant house quickly lest the irreverent onlooker should make comparisons .
when he went to the zoo he passed the elephant house quickly [in case] the irreverent onlooker should make comparisons .

During debates in the House , the offending Mapplethorpe photographs were not brought on to the floor lest they offend the ‘ decorum ’ of the House .
during debates in the house , the offending mapplethorpe photographs were not brought on to the floor [in case] they offend the ‘ decorum ’ of the house .

The ultimate synthesis of a design was never revealed in a flash ; rather he approached it with infinite precautions , stalking it , as it were , now from one point of view , now from another , and always in fear lest a premature definition might deprive it of something of its total complexity .
the ultimate synthesis of a design was never revealed in a flash ; rather he approached it with infinite precautions , stalking it , as it were , now from one point of view , now from another , and always in fear [in case] a premature definition might deprive it of something of its total complexity .

The church was acting on behalf of all , and had a prime obligation to push for a public morality which matched its perception of the natural law lest the very fabric of society be torn asunder and its members cast on the road of moral decline .
the church was acting on behalf of all , and had a prime obligation to push for a public morality which matched its perception of the natural law [in case] the very fabric of society be torn asunder and its members cast on the road of moral decline .

Lest they should look on vanities . ’
[in case] they should look on vanities . ’

The Russian Sputnik had been launched two years before , and produced in the United States a feverish alarm lest their Communist competitors should outstrip them in a world increasingly penetrated by science and technology .
the russian sputnik had been launched two years before , and produced in the united states a feverish alarm [in case] their communist competitors should outstrip them in a world increasingly penetrated by science and technology .

These are reluctant hunters , ill at ease and inexperienced , wary lest a nervous glance could give flesh to fear — the fear of coming face to face with a cowering countryman , the fear of finding the loaded chamber in a game of Russian roulette .
these are reluctant hunters , ill at ease and inexperienced , wary [in case] a nervous glance could give flesh to fear — the fear of coming face to face with a cowering countryman , the fear of finding the loaded chamber in a game of russian roulette .

The deans and chaplains of colleges were nervous lest the evangelicals bring in a firebrand of a missioner who would repel their undergraduates not only from his mission but from religion .
the deans and chaplains of colleges were nervous [in case] the evangelicals bring in a firebrand of a missioner who would repel their undergraduates not only from his mission but from religion .

Garbett had a retreat for ordinands and smuggled Ramsey into the house lest one of the young men guess that something was up .
garbett had a retreat for ordinands and smuggled ramsey into the house [in case] one of the young men guess that something was up .

The Chiefs of Staff did not want to do this , and the Defence Committee was worried lest the Korean conflict should divert attention from other danger-spots in Asia and blind Britain to the risk to which it was exposed in Europe .
the chiefs of staff did not want to do this , and the defence committee was worried [in case] the korean conflict should divert attention from other danger-spots in asia and blind britain to the risk to which it was exposed in europe .

Delay was anticipated , loss accepted , requests repeated lest they miscarry and appreciation restressed lest it appear forgotten .
delay was anticipated , loss accepted , requests repeated [in case] they miscarry and appreciation restressed [in case] it appear forgotten .

Within the adult education profession at large , there was gratification that the existing providers had been commended for their work , but some fears lest the proposals for future grant allocation might lead to increased governmental control over courses taught .
within the adult education profession at large , there was gratification that the existing providers had been commended for their work , but some fears [in case] the proposals for future grant allocation might lead to increased governmental control over courses taught .

’ And the Lord put a mark on Cain , lest any who came upon him should kill him .
’ and the lord put a mark on cain , [in case] any who came upon him should kill him .

Always sleep by the guns , he said , and never let the men dig bolt holes , lest they become too attached to them when the bombs begin to fall .
always sleep by the guns , he said , and never let the men dig bolt holes , [in case] they become too attached to them when the bombs begin to fall .

Lest anyone doubt the validity of these observations in England and Wales , consider the following admission about a custodial sentence from the Home Office :
[in case] anyone doubt the validity of these observations in england and wales , consider the following admission about a custodial sentence from the home office :

‘ Come , ’ they say to one another , ‘ Let us build ourselves a city , and a tower with its top in the heavens , and let us make a name for ourselves , lest we be scattered abroad upon the face of the whole earth ’ ( 11.4 ) .
‘ come , ’ they say to one another , ‘ let us build ourselves a city , and a tower with its top in the heavens , and let us make a name for ourselves , [in case] we be scattered abroad upon the face of the whole earth ’ ( 11.4 ) .

The fact was put neatly by Barbara Betts , later Barbara Castle , when reporting upon the Labour Party Conference in October 1931 : ‘ It was almost as if it feared to probe too deeply lest it should be disillusioned as to the integrity of Uncle Arthur [ Henderson ] .
the fact was put neatly by barbara betts , later barbara castle , when reporting upon the labour party conference in october 1931 : ‘ it was almost as if it feared to probe too deeply [in case] it should be disillusioned as to the integrity of uncle arthur [ henderson ] .

Clarissa was horrified lest Charles thought of identifying himself with such a call .
clarissa was horrified [in case] charles thought of identifying himself with such a call .

Thus you shall keep the people of Israel separate from their uncleanness , lest they die in their uncleanness by defiling my tabernacle that is in their midst .
thus you shall keep the people of israel separate from their uncleanness , [in case] they die in their uncleanness by defiling my tabernacle that is in their midst .

Even the celibate woman who cleans the altar linens , vestments and vessels , must cover her hands when she handles these sacred things , lest she pollute them by her touch .
even the celibate woman who cleans the altar linens , vestments and vessels , must cover her hands when she handles these sacred things , [in case] she pollute them by her touch .

For the first three days of her monthly period she is segregated in a solitary place and is not allowed to touch anybody or anything lest she pollutes it .
for the first three days of her monthly period she is segregated in a solitary place and is not allowed to touch anybody or anything [in case] she pollutes it .

Lest the reader may point out that the examples so far are predominantly drawn from small countries and affecting only small populations , others , such as areas of China and India are discussed elsewhere in this book .
[in case] the reader may point out that the examples so far are predominantly drawn from small countries and affecting only small populations , others , such as areas of china and india are discussed elsewhere in this book .

Lest this account seem unduly cynical , it must be added that the individuals involved are subordinate to the functional constraints of their job .
[in case] this account seem unduly cynical , it must be added that the individuals involved are subordinate to the functional constraints of their job .

Much anxiety was expressed before the experiment lest televising would encourage showing off , bad behaviour or rowdiness .
much anxiety was expressed before the experiment [in case] televising would encourage showing off , bad behaviour or rowdiness .

The Elton Committee noted changing attitudes towards professional providers of services both generally and specifically with regard to education , and expressed concern lest the increasing willingness among parents in the United States to pursue legal actions against the disciplining of their children be mirrored in Britain .
the elton committee noted changing attitudes towards professional providers of services both generally and specifically with regard to education , and expressed concern [in case] the increasing willingness among parents in the united states to pursue legal actions against the disciplining of their children be mirrored in britain .

… she always chose to spend her leisure Hours in Writing and Reading , rather than in those Diversions which young People generally chuse ; insomuch that some of the Neighbours that observ 'd it , expressed their Concern , lest the Girl should over-study herself , and be mopish
… she always chose to spend her leisure hours in writing and reading , rather than in those diversions which young people generally chuse ; insomuch that some of the neighbours that observ 'd it , expressed their concern , [in case] the girl should over-study herself , and be mopish

Lest the rude Brambles over-top the Corn
[in case] the rude brambles over-top the corn

But he had been careful never to invite back to his rooms any of his rowdier friends , lest their susceptibilities were offended .
but he had been careful never to invite back to his rooms any of his rowdier friends , [in case] their susceptibilities were offended .

He dared venture out on only the balmiest of days , lest he catch cold .
he dared venture out on only the balmiest of days , [in case] he catch cold .

Friends of Piatakov restrained him from time to time lest Lenin discover the truth .
friends of piatakov restrained him from time to time [in case] lenin discover the truth .

As late as 1827 , travellers were ‘ fearful of entering the fens of Cambridgeshire lest the Marsh Miasma should shorten their lives ’ .
as late as 1827 , travellers were ‘ fearful of entering the fens of cambridgeshire [in case] the marsh miasma should shorten their lives ’ .

Yet still the Prussians delayed introducing expropriation to Pomerania until May 1912 lest they provoke an uprising , and while they bought up only four estates totalling over 6,624 hectares of land , they paid more than double the market rate .
yet still the prussians delayed introducing expropriation to pomerania until may 1912 [in case] they provoke an uprising , and while they bought up only four estates totalling over 6,624 hectares of land , they paid more than double the market rate .

Many observers supposed that the outbreak of the French Revolution in 1789 would force the Junkers to embark on a programme of liberalisation and reform lest they should find themselves facing a similar threat .
many observers supposed that the outbreak of the french revolution in 1789 would force the junkers to embark on a programme of liberalisation and reform [in case] they should find themselves facing a similar threat .

They feared lest Germany should become a socialist state and the revolution spread to France and Britain .
they feared [in case] germany should become a socialist state and the revolution spread to france and britain .

Guard lest posterity derisive shout ,
guard [in case] posterity derisive shout ,

The saint was to throw the last and feared lest the rock should dislodge the pile .
the saint was to throw the last and feared [in case] the rock should dislodge the pile .

Lest we settle for limited models of productivity , we must see the cross as the ruling principle of the Christian life , for there can be no true reflection of Christ that does not consist of bearing his cross .
[in case] we settle for limited models of productivity , we must see the cross as the ruling principle of the christian life , for there can be no true reflection of christ that does not consist of bearing his cross .

All the creatures that we have to kill and eat , all those that we have to strike down and destroy to make clothes for ourselves , have souls , like we have , souls that do not perish with the body , and which must therefore be propitiated lest they should avenge themselves on us for taking away their bodies ( see Rasmussen , 1929 ) .
all the creatures that we have to kill and eat , all those that we have to strike down and destroy to make clothes for ourselves , have souls , like we have , souls that do not perish with the body , and which must therefore be propitiated [in case] they should avenge themselves on us for taking away their bodies ( see rasmussen , 1929 ) .

whose watchword is awareness lest he fall into the traps set by those who follow darkness ,
whose watchword is awareness [in case] he fall into the traps set by those who follow darkness ,

’ till Mr Rideout had to have Dr Hill 's attendance lest he too became a patient .
’ till mr rideout had to have dr hill 's attendance [in case] he too became a patient .

He had n't dared to dwell on her in those aging arms lest his rage should drive him to deeds he might regret for the rest of his life .
he had n't dared to dwell on her in those aging arms [in case] his rage should drive him to deeds he might regret for the rest of his life .

In order to be accepted as a Safe-Buy approved supplier , firms must prove through their accounting system that they are financially sound ; they must prove they hold proper current insurances ; they must supply a list of recent customers , at lest 12 of whom are contacted by the Safe-Buy team and asked about their satisfaction with their recent home improvement ; finally , further checks are made on the company through the relevant consumer protection associations to ensure that the applicants reputation is untarnished .
in order to be accepted as a safe-buy approved supplier , firms must prove through their accounting system that they are financially sound ; they must prove they hold proper current insurances ; they must supply a list of recent customers , at [in case] 12 of whom are contacted by the safe-buy team and asked about their satisfaction with their recent home improvement ; finally , further checks are made on the company through the relevant consumer protection associations to ensure that the applicants reputation is untarnished .

Noticing that her hands are shaking and knowing that he has noticed she forces herself to act cool , not daring for the moment to analyse her disquiet lest she is incapable of handling the reason .
noticing that her hands are shaking and knowing that he has noticed she forces herself to act cool , not daring for the moment to analyse her disquiet [in case] she is incapable of handling the reason .

‘ Let 's have a look at the rest of it , ’ she said , lest Breeze should read her thoughts and feel dashed .
‘ let 's have a look at the rest of it , ’ she said , [in case] breeze should read her thoughts and feel dashed .

Before the Soviet revolution of 1917 , one approached and rode through the groves in silence lest the gods and spirits of the woods be offended .
before the soviet revolution of 1917 , one approached and rode through the groves in silence [in case] the gods and spirits of the woods be offended .

Secondly , and more importantly , the judgment on the ban illustrated that there was a specific piece of legislation , and legislation directly concerned with libraries , which could , in legal terms at lest , halt censorship in libraries .
secondly , and more importantly , the judgment on the ban illustrated that there was a specific piece of legislation , and legislation directly concerned with libraries , which could , in legal terms at [in case] , halt censorship in libraries .

lest we forget .
[in case] we forget .

Lest it be thought that the matriarchs are supreme in this artless craft of rendering service into an offensive act , it has to be said that the Glasgow cabbie is in a class of his own .
[in case] it be thought that the matriarchs are supreme in this artless craft of rendering service into an offensive act , it has to be said that the glasgow cabbie is in a class of his own .

Indeed in Lylsland Church in Paisley this fetish was carried so far that even the common cup used by the minister and elders on either side , had three wee individual cups soldered inside the brim , lest their lips should touch .
indeed in lylsland church in paisley this fetish was carried so far that even the common cup used by the minister and elders on either side , had three wee individual cups soldered inside the brim , [in case] their lips should touch .

We were given humour to discern our own ridiculous airs and pomposities , and it is even valuable in the transcendent lest we lose ourselves in arrogance and pride and stray far from the real beauty of life .
we were given humour to discern our own ridiculous airs and pomposities , and it is even valuable in the transcendent [in case] we lose ourselves in arrogance and pride and stray far from the real beauty of life .

Talia and Jim ’ s fear of helping 7-year-old Anselmo with his homework , lest they create a dependent , immature child , is a peculiarly Western—and profoundly American—preoccupation .
talia and jim ’ s fear of helping 7-year-old anselmo with his homework , [in case] they create a dependent , immature child , is a peculiarly western—and profoundly american—preoccupation .

Are all the laws but one to go unexecuted , and the government itself go to pieces lest that one be violated ?
are all the laws but one to go unexecuted , and the government itself go to pieces [in case] that one be violated ?

The passive voice of “ Neither slavery nor involuntary servitude shall exist ” means that the government must be ever watchful , lest relationships of exploitation come into being .
the passive voice of “ neither slavery nor involuntary servitude shall exist ” means that the government must be ever watchful , [in case] relationships of exploitation come into being .

The lovers of freedom want the government to keep its hands off , lest Big Brother ’ s intermeddling do more harm than good .
the lovers of freedom want the government to keep its hands off , [in case] big brother ’ s intermeddling do more harm than good .

Congress can not recast a condition on funding as a mere definition of its program in every case , lest the Amendment be reduced to a simple semantic exercise .
congress can not recast a condition on funding as a mere definition of its program in every case , [in case] the amendment be reduced to a simple semantic exercise .

Congress further recognized that the H-2A provisions 9 required enforcement mechanisms lest they become mere paper guarantees .
congress further recognized that the h-2a provisions 9 required enforcement mechanisms [in case] they become mere paper guarantees .

He worried also lest Pakistani authorities not get adequate warning , think the missiles came from India , RESPONSES TO AL QAEDA 'S INITIAL ASSAULTS 135 and do something that everyone would later regret .
he worried also [in case] pakistani authorities not get adequate warning , think the missiles came from india , responses to al qaeda 's initial assaults 135 and do something that everyone would later regret .

The President explained to us that he had been concerned lest an ineffectual air strike just serve to give Bin Ladin a propaganda advantage .
the president explained to us that he had been concerned [in case] an ineffectual air strike just serve to give bin ladin a propaganda advantage .

Importantly , the task force , after intense debate , rejected categorical prohibitions lest they unintentionally impede the translation of research discoveries into tangible public benefits .
importantly , the task force , after intense debate , rejected categorical prohibitions [in case] they unintentionally impede the translation of research discoveries into tangible public benefits .

A near-universal assumption in politics says that a candidate has to respond to charges made by serious opponents , lest those charges be generally accepted as true .
a near-universal assumption in politics says that a candidate has to respond to charges made by serious opponents , [in case] those charges be generally accepted as true .

He said the McCain surge needed to be held back , lest it crest too early -- which could have the effect of making Bush the Republican nominee by late February .
he said the mccain surge needed to be held back , [in case] it crest too early -- which could have the effect of making bush the republican nominee by late february .

Reports indicate that Lewinsky thanked Clinton 's lawyers for the apology and that she responded carefully and unhelpfully to Bryant 's questions , lest she contradict her previous testimony and get herself into more trouble with Starr .
reports indicate that lewinsky thanked clinton 's lawyers for the apology and that she responded carefully and unhelpfully to bryant 's questions , [in case] she contradict her previous testimony and get herself into more trouble with starr .

You must be benevolent despots , lest you find yourself manipulated by someone with the hide of a rhinoceros .
you must be benevolent despots , [in case] you find yourself manipulated by someone with the hide of a rhinoceros .

Pollitt and Sullivan alike deem me insensitive to the depth and complexity of the psyche , and Sullivan warmly endorses psychoanalyst Jonathan Lear 's admonition that we dare not reject Freud lest those qualities drop out of sight .
pollitt and sullivan alike deem me insensitive to the depth and complexity of the psyche , and sullivan warmly endorses psychoanalyst jonathan lear 's admonition that we dare not reject freud [in case] those qualities drop out of sight .

She replaced fine , intelligent journalism with warmed-over Variety , New York , and Vanity Fair pap and chased a lot of solid literary and artistic talent out of the building and kept the door locked lest taste , God forbid , get in .
she replaced fine , intelligent journalism with warmed-over variety , new york , and vanity fair pap and chased a lot of solid literary and artistic talent out of the building and kept the door locked [in case] taste , god forbid , get in .

It has become uncomfortable for mom and dad to enjoy a beer or cocktail at the end of the day , lest junior regale them with the evils of drug and alcohol use .
it has become uncomfortable for mom and dad to enjoy a beer or cocktail at the end of the day , [in case] junior regale them with the evils of drug and alcohol use .

The crew had to work quickly , lest momentum send the froufrou and gewgaws drifting onto the roadbed .
the crew had to work quickly , [in case] momentum send the froufrou and gewgaws drifting onto the roadbed .

Lest anyone assume that Monica showed up at the Metropolitan Baptist Church that day to ogle the president , a source who asked not to be named says Lewinsky was spotted in the kitchen back at the Currie home in Arlington .
[in case] anyone assume that monica showed up at the metropolitan baptist church that day to ogle the president , a source who asked not to be named says lewinsky was spotted in the kitchen back at the currie home in arlington .

Finally , lest their opponents ' weakness not suffice to produce a landslide , both incumbents got further help from a third-party candidate : Nixon from George Wallace , who drained white Southern support from the Democrats , and Clinton from Ross Perot , who likely will drain white suburbanites from Dole .
finally , [in case] their opponents ' weakness not suffice to produce a landslide , both incumbents got further help from a third-party candidate : nixon from george wallace , who drained white southern support from the democrats , and clinton from ross perot , who likely will drain white suburbanites from dole .

Lest anyone associate Gore with Bill Clinton 's sex life , two of the departments you can click to from any page are `` The Gore Family `` and `` Tipper Gore . ''
[in case] anyone associate gore with bill clinton 's sex life , two of the departments you can click to from any page are `` the gore family `` and `` tipper gore . ''

True , when pressed , top economic advisers have called the spending caps `` totally unrealistic , '' but they are loath to press this point too loudly , lest it call into question both their own plans for additional `` investments '' ( read spending and tax breaks ) and the president 's embrace of the limits in the first place .
true , when pressed , top economic advisers have called the spending caps `` totally unrealistic , '' but they are loath to press this point too loudly , [in case] it call into question both their own plans for additional `` investments '' ( read spending and tax breaks ) and the president 's embrace of the limits in the first place .

Lest anyone doubt Bradley 's substance , he touts his record of doing `` things . ''
[in case] anyone doubt bradley 's substance , he touts his record of doing `` things . ''

Lest his filing go unnoticed , he phoned New York Times reporter Lacey Fosburgh to alert her to the case .
[in case] his filing go unnoticed , he phoned new york times reporter lacey fosburgh to alert her to the case .

Lest anyone point out the abstractness and obviousness of these commitments , Bush says they stand in `` stark contrast to the last few decades , when our culture has clearly said , 'If it feels good , do it , and if you 've got a problem , blame somebody else . '
[in case] anyone point out the abstractness and obviousness of these commitments , bush says they stand in `` stark contrast to the last few decades , when our culture has clearly said , 'if it feels good , do it , and if you 've got a problem , blame somebody else . '

Men 's room condom machines of that era were marked `` for prevention of disease only , '' lest someone seek sexual pleasure , i.e. , have sex for entertainment purposes only .
men 's room condom machines of that era were marked `` for prevention of disease only , '' [in case] someone seek sexual pleasure , i.e. , have sex for entertainment purposes only .

The pharmaceutical company that plans to market the drug wo n't name its manufacturers , lest pro-lifers hound them out of business .
the pharmaceutical company that plans to market the drug wo n't name its manufacturers , [in case] pro-lifers hound them out of business .

Lest one slip into thinking this is something only `` they '' do , the NYT and LAT go top-of-the-page with an Associated Press scoop that former American soldiers have recently revealed that in the early days of the Korean War , they machine-gunned as many as several hundred Korean refugees .
[in case] one slip into thinking this is something only `` they '' do , the nyt and lat go top-of-the-page with an associated press scoop that former american soldiers have recently revealed that in the early days of the korean war , they machine-gunned as many as several hundred korean refugees .

Lest we think of Tokaimura residents as monolithically hysterical , the WP runs a story inside on locals impervious to panic .
[in case] we think of tokaimura residents as monolithically hysterical , the wp runs a story inside on locals impervious to panic .

Safire knew better than to fight the tides of history and included the word in his political dictionary , lest that weighty tome prove useless to future generations .
safire knew better than to fight the tides of history and included the word in his political dictionary , [in case] that weighty tome prove useless to future generations .

Except in the relentlessly entertaining marketplace , where the television is always on , the radio always plays , and good consumers undergo a constant acoustic bombardment , lest they have five minutes to quietly think their own thoughts .
except in the relentlessly entertaining marketplace , where the television is always on , the radio always plays , and good consumers undergo a constant acoustic bombardment , [in case] they have five minutes to quietly think their own thoughts .

Lest anyone miss the point , one of the apostles appears onstage to explain it to the audience after the crucifixion .
[in case] anyone miss the point , one of the apostles appears onstage to explain it to the audience after the crucifixion .

Kentucky physicians are counseling locals to stop eating squirrel brains , lest they contract mad cow disease .
kentucky physicians are counseling locals to stop eating squirrel brains , [in case] they contract mad cow disease .

I do in fact `` prefer '' to have a staff that reflects something of the population that my business is meant to serve -- lest my company falter and die .
i do in fact `` prefer '' to have a staff that reflects something of the population that my business is meant to serve -- [in case] my company falter and die .

Lest you think that Dubya has cornered the market on this form of cribbing , the piece reports that in 1996 , the ranks of Clinton-Gore donors included an 11-year-old .
[in case] you think that dubya has cornered the market on this form of cribbing , the piece reports that in 1996 , the ranks of clinton-gore donors included an 11-year-old .

The floor in Margaret Truman 's room had actually broken under the weight of her piano , and Harry Truman himself was directed to sleep in the comparatively sound Lincoln Bedroom ( if indeed it was Lincoln 's bedroom ; he may have used it only as a study ) , lest he find himself one morning in the Red Room downstairs .
the floor in margaret truman 's room had actually broken under the weight of her piano , and harry truman himself was directed to sleep in the comparatively sound lincoln bedroom ( if indeed it was lincoln 's bedroom ; he may have used it only as a study ) , [in case] he find himself one morning in the red room downstairs .

Lest anyone lose sight of what this is all about , the LAT states that Saddam `` has enough chemical and biological weapons to wipe out infantry divisions , if not whole cities . ''
[in case] anyone lose sight of what this is all about , the lat states that saddam `` has enough chemical and biological weapons to wipe out infantry divisions , if not whole cities . ''

This custom suggests new stages in the old rebellion against religious strictures , which once demanded that female hair -- divinely ordained to be long and seductive -- be covered up lest it incite lust .
this custom suggests new stages in the old rebellion against religious strictures , which once demanded that female hair -- divinely ordained to be long and seductive -- be covered up [in case] it incite lust .

In order to have growing scalp hair -- as humans uniquely do -- you need to have hands to cut it , lest it get so long that it jeopardizes your survival .
in order to have growing scalp hair -- as humans uniquely do -- you need to have hands to cut it , [in case] it get so long that it jeopardizes your survival .

Lest we forget what this is all about , the WP reports that a study in today 's New England Journal of Medicine suggests that non-smokers not only live longer , but have less sickness and dependence on others in their last years .
[in case] we forget what this is all about , the wp reports that a study in today 's new england journal of medicine suggests that non-smokers not only live longer , but have less sickness and dependence on others in their last years .

You have to have the right people , lest the spectacle prove disagreeable .
you have to have the right people , [in case] the spectacle prove disagreeable .

In the province of computing , that feat was accomplished not by Gates -- who has never fought to reduce the price of computing power , lest his margins suffer unnecessarily -- but by the boys at Intel , led by Gordon Moore , Andy Grove , and the late Robert Noyce -- who , years before his death , joked with IBM execs that computers in the future would not only be more powerful than IBM mainframes , but would be smaller , and much , much cheaper .
in the province of computing , that feat was accomplished not by gates -- who has never fought to reduce the price of computing power , [in case] his margins suffer unnecessarily -- but by the boys at intel , led by gordon moore , andy grove , and the late robert noyce -- who , years before his death , joked with ibm execs that computers in the future would not only be more powerful than ibm mainframes , but would be smaller , and much , much cheaper .

It requires a load of patience and I am principled against showing any impatience to little folks lest it should lessen my influence . ''
it requires a load of patience and i am principled against showing any impatience to little folks [in case] it should lessen my influence . ''

This means , of course , that if the case ever gets to the penalty phase , Judge Jackson will have to demand , before everything else , that Bill Gates and Steve Ballmer bring him a shrubbery , lest he have to say 'Ni ! '
this means , of course , that if the case ever gets to the penalty phase , judge jackson will have to demand , before everything else , that bill gates and steve ballmer bring him a shrubbery , [in case] he have to say 'ni ! '

On Aug. 3 , Sen. Dick Lugar , R-Ind. , rescued Weld by demanding that he get a hearing , lest his jihad against Helms ignite `` civil war in the Republican Party . ''
on aug. 3 , sen. dick lugar , r-ind. , rescued weld by demanding that he get a hearing , [in case] his jihad against helms ignite `` civil war in the republican party . ''

The mere fact of its commanding position in the microprocessor market -- a position it initially achieved by technological superiority -- has made computer makers leery of doing business with its competitors , lest Intel fail to give them access to new , more powerful chips in the future .
the mere fact of its commanding position in the microprocessor market -- a position it initially achieved by technological superiority -- has made computer makers leery of doing business with its competitors , [in case] intel fail to give them access to new , more powerful chips in the future .

Lest one think I 'm exaggerating Katz 's martyr complex , check out Virtuous Reality 's Chapter 7 , in which he chronicles the life and times of another political rebel who embraced a new technology to speak truth to power and suffered greatly for it : Thomas Paine .
[in case] one think i 'm exaggerating katz 's martyr complex , check out virtuous reality 's chapter 7 , in which he chronicles the life and times of another political rebel who embraced a new technology to speak truth to power and suffered greatly for it : thomas paine .

Today , some wary adults are reluctant to lift a thirsty tot to a playground drinking fountain , lest they be viewed with alarm .
today , some wary adults are reluctant to lift a thirsty tot to a playground drinking fountain , [in case] they be viewed with alarm .

Lest anyone confuse these demands with negotiation , Albright insisted , `` We 're not trying to please President Milosevic .
[in case] anyone confuse these demands with negotiation , albright insisted , `` we 're not trying to please president milosevic .

Joe Morgenstern writes , `` Lest I , too , go round in circles trying to convey the dense texture of this exquisite film , I 'll simply say that [ it ] seizes your mind and stays in your heart '' ( the Wall Street Journal ) .
joe morgenstern writes , `` [in case] i , too , go round in circles trying to convey the dense texture of this exquisite film , i 'll simply say that [ it ] seizes your mind and stays in your heart '' ( the wall street journal ) .

Lest anyone contemplate the convenience of this excuse , Bush spun it as a sacrifice .
[in case] anyone contemplate the convenience of this excuse , bush spun it as a sacrifice .

Attention must be paid lest the government further encroach on the privacy of our data streams .
attention must be paid [in case] the government further encroach on the privacy of our data streams .

I am on the verge of suggesting another restaurant , lest I `` collide '' with the other man .
i am on the verge of suggesting another restaurant , [in case] i `` collide '' with the other man .

What everybody thinks , and nobody can print , is that the president got his Asian associates to pony up , lest a pinched pal feel the urge to sing to Starr .
what everybody thinks , and nobody can print , is that the president got his asian associates to pony up , [in case] a pinched pal feel the urge to sing to starr .

His charge is asleep , the grandfather clock ticks peacefully in the background , but Gramps is too frightened to move , lest he disturb the infant .
his charge is asleep , the grandfather clock ticks peacefully in the background , but gramps is too frightened to move , [in case] he disturb the infant .

Lest anyone miss this point , when the bald boss shuts his door , our guy ( off-screen ) sings : `` One more time ! ''
[in case] anyone miss this point , when the bald boss shuts his door , our guy ( off-screen ) sings : `` one more time ! ''

The spins : 1 ) Telecommunication companies must merge lest they be destroyed by others who have already merged .
the spins : 1 ) telecommunication companies must merge [in case] they be destroyed by others who have already merged .

Lest the coverage completely disappear into the metaphorical , in his WP column , George Will cites some of Joe D 's stunning stats .
[in case] the coverage completely disappear into the metaphorical , in his wp column , george will cites some of joe d 's stunning stats .

The car companies are proceeding slowly and minimally , lest they turn off legions of younger customers .
the car companies are proceeding slowly and minimally , [in case] they turn off legions of younger customers .

Lest readers underestimate the story 's import , the Times quotes officials who rank the breach as far worse than the one committed by Aldrich Ames , and on a par with the misdeeds perpetuated ( also at Los Alamos ) by Julius and Ethel Rosenberg .
[in case] readers underestimate the story 's import , the times quotes officials who rank the breach as far worse than the one committed by aldrich ames , and on a par with the misdeeds perpetuated ( also at los alamos ) by julius and ethel rosenberg .

Hay poles as a term would never win a popularity contest with computer terminology , but lest we forget , they were poles used in pairs by two men , one out from with a pole in each hand , the other , holding the opposite ends , bringing up the rear , and carrying bales of hay cut by scythe from the hummocks of a bog .
hay poles as a term would never win a popularity contest with computer terminology , but [in case] we forget , they were poles used in pairs by two men , one out from with a pole in each hand , the other , holding the opposite ends , bringing up the rear , and carrying bales of hay cut by scythe from the hummocks of a bog .

Lest the national language be eventually supplanted by le sabir atlantique ( the Atlantic pidgin ) , he urged the government to set up a system of penalties to divert the linguistic polluters from the path of sin .
[in case] the national language be eventually supplanted by le sabir atlantique ( the atlantic pidgin ) , he urged the government to set up a system of penalties to divert the linguistic polluters from the path of sin .

In a subsection called Good English Greenbaum makes a passing reference to the aesthetic use of language [ 1.10 ] ; but remarks concerning artistic use of language are notably absent , presumably lest they constitute some sort of value judgment .
in a subsection called good english greenbaum makes a passing reference to the aesthetic use of language [ 1.10 ] ; but remarks concerning artistic use of language are notably absent , presumably [in case] they constitute some sort of value judgment .

Lest one might be deceived into taking the preceding to be a pleasantry , even as late as 1909 ( at seventy-four ) , Skeat 's contempt for those who knew less than he was undiminished :
[in case] one might be deceived into taking the preceding to be a pleasantry , even as late as 1909 ( at seventy-four ) , skeat 's contempt for those who knew less than he was undiminished :

Subsequent issues of VERBATIM will consist entirely of blank pages , lest we offend somebody .
subsequent issues of verbatim will consist entirely of blank pages , [in case] we offend somebody .

Therefore , words must be durable , it was believed , lest a change in a word change the meaning of the law .
therefore , words must be durable , it was believed , [in case] a change in a word change the meaning of the law .

Having been a student for interminable years ( and thus having been forced to memorize a great many quite useless facts ) , I enjoyed Stephen Hirschberg 's “ Lest We Forget. ’ He is right in saying that the mnemonic he lists for pi is cumbersome .
having been a student for interminable years ( and thus having been forced to memorize a great many quite useless facts ) , i enjoyed stephen hirschberg 's “ [in case] we forget. ’ he is right in saying that the mnemonic he lists for pi is cumbersome .

This curious aspect is further explained in these terms : “ lest Speaker lose face by offending Hearer 's sensibilities ” [ p. 12 ] .
this curious aspect is further explained in these terms : “ [in case] speaker lose face by offending hearer 's sensibilities ” [ p. 12 ] .

On another subject , lest a reader be misled into assuming that Skeat was a bishop by the facetious heading , “ The Invariably Right Reverend Walter W. Skeat [ OBITER DICTA , XVIII , 1 ] , it should be pointed out that Right Reverend is the customary title for that rank in the Anglican Communion .
on another subject , [in case] a reader be misled into assuming that skeat was a bishop by the facetious heading , “ the invariably right reverend walter w. skeat [ obiter dicta , xviii , 1 ] , it should be pointed out that right reverend is the customary title for that rank in the anglican communion .

I have lived in Mexico and Chile and have traveled extensively in Argentina , Bolivia , Paraguay , Peru , and Uruguay , remaining constantly on guard lest an expression acceptable in one country slip out in a country where it is not acceptable !
i have lived in mexico and chile and have traveled extensively in argentina , bolivia , paraguay , peru , and uruguay , remaining constantly on guard [in case] an expression acceptable in one country slip out in a country where it is not acceptable !

A proverbial second opinion , however , is found in Do n't pray for your friend 's good fortune , lest you lose him .
a proverbial second opinion , however , is found in do n't pray for your friend 's good fortune , [in case] you lose him .

One is tempted to comment on further amenities ( e.g. , free parking , porters to carry one 's luggage , B-girls , hookers , house detectives ) and on further restrictions ( there are few hotels in large cities that make “ washrooms freely available ” even to hotel guests outside their rooms , lest some wretch needing to use the facility wander in off the street ) ; but would anyone insist that the presence of shops be restrictively incorporated in the definition of hotel ?
one is tempted to comment on further amenities ( e.g. , free parking , porters to carry one 's luggage , b-girls , hookers , house detectives ) and on further restrictions ( there are few hotels in large cities that make “ washrooms freely available ” even to hotel guests outside their rooms , [in case] some wretch needing to use the facility wander in off the street ) ; but would anyone insist that the presence of shops be restrictively incorporated in the definition of hotel ?

It is used to play on the fear of the people lest they elect a vice president unsuitable to become president , a position he might have to fill at a moment 's notice .
it is used to play on the fear of the people [in case] they elect a vice president unsuitable to become president , a position he might have to fill at a moment 's notice .

