There 's a few obvious influences from The Doors and Velvet Underground but with new single When Violets Meet and album tracks Evy Waters and Purple Psyche Celebration showing so much promise , methinks we could be hearing a bit more about the band .
there 's a few obvious influences from the doors and velvet underground but with new single when violets meet and album tracks evy waters and purple psyche celebration showing so much promise , [I think] we could be hearing a bit more about the band .

Methinks that the United faithful would have hounded Shearer out , simply because , as Mr Brooking pointed out , the service to the front line was dreadful ( 76 minutes until a shot on target ) .
[I think] that the united faithful would have hounded shearer out , simply because , as mr brooking pointed out , the service to the front line was dreadful ( 76 minutes until a shot on target ) .

Methinks that the Dolls were n't the ‘ damp-squib ’ that Nick Kent would have led us to believe , because if you look closely at the increasing number of British ‘ punk ’ bands emerging by the shipload , you will see in each one , a little bit of the Dolls .
[I think] that the dolls were n't the ‘ damp-squib ’ that nick kent would have led us to believe , because if you look closely at the increasing number of british ‘ punk ’ bands emerging by the shipload , you will see in each one , a little bit of the dolls .

There 's even a clip of a piece of toast being launched from a toaster — a none too-subtle dig at Berkeley Systems ' flying toasters , methinks .
there 's even a clip of a piece of toast being launched from a toaster — a none too-subtle dig at berkeley systems ' flying toasters , [I think] .

Methinks they 've been truanting .
[I think] they 've been truanting .

‘ You look truly charming , my lady , ’ she said generously . ‘ The prince your husband methinks will be a proud fellow ! ’
‘ you look truly charming , my lady , ’ she said generously . ‘ the prince your husband [I think] will be a proud fellow ! ’

Methinks not .
[I think] not .

‘ Nay , on the contrary — it is but the beginning methinks .
‘ nay , on the contrary — it is but the beginning [I think] .

‘ The only key which would interest Edward methinks is that which would open the gate to freedom ! ’
‘ the only key which would interest edward [I think] is that which would open the gate to freedom ! ’

‘ With you , my lord , methinks being Joan de Warenne is more to my liking . ’
‘ with you , my lord , [I think] being joan de warenne is more to my liking . ’

‘ Gloucester and Buckingham methinks had done their work well , ’ Edward said quietly . ‘ If any were against the proposal , either they were too lily-livered to protest — or else they were impeded by the rush for the exits ! ’
‘ gloucester and buckingham [I think] had done their work well , ’ edward said quietly . ‘ if any were against the proposal , either they were too lily-livered to protest — or else they were impeded by the rush for the exits ! ’

‘ We both recognize methinks that , young though we be in years , we are all in all to each other .
‘ we both recognize [I think] that , young though we be in years , we are all in all to each other .

Methinks they are a trifle in awe of him — him being a headsman and all that !
[I think] they are a trifle in awe of him — him being a headsman and all that !

‘ Since the day this lady 's lord was removed to the Garden Tower methinks , ’ she responded plainly .
‘ since the day this lady 's lord was removed to the garden tower [I think] , ’ she responded plainly .

The gentleman protests too much , methinks .
the gentleman protests too much , [I think] .

Methinks it is like a weasel .
[I think] it is like a weasel .

Ian Osborne is the master of time — the way he sprints for the door at 5.30pm has to be seen to be believed ! Makes him a dead ringer for Millenium Warriors methinks …
ian osborne is the master of time — the way he sprints for the door at 5.30pm has to be seen to be believed ! makes him a dead ringer for millenium warriors [I think] …

Methinks the lady doth protest , as old Bill put it .
[I think] the lady doth protest , as old bill put it .

In order for a monkey to write ‘ Methinks it is like a weasel ’ by chance , it needs a very large amount of luck , but it is still measurable .
in order for a monkey to write ‘ [I think] it is like a weasel ’ by chance , it needs a very large amount of luck , but it is still measurable .

‘ Methinks the lady doth protest too much ’ , ’ he quoted softly , a strange gleam in his vivid blue eyes .
‘ [I think] the lady doth protest too much ’ , ’ he quoted softly , a strange gleam in his vivid blue eyes .

‘ Heaven alone knows — but — the lady doth protest too much , methinks .
‘ heaven alone knows — but — the lady doth protest too much , [I think] .

‘ Methinks its motion in this hush of nature Gives it dim sympathies with me who live Making it a companionable form , Whose puny flaps and freaks the idling spirit By its own moods interprets , everywhere Echo or mirror seeking of itself , And makes a toy of Thought .
‘ [I think] its motion in this hush of nature gives it dim sympathies with me who live making it a companionable form , whose puny flaps and freaks the idling spirit by its own moods interprets , everywhere echo or mirror seeking of itself , and makes a toy of thought .

Or rather the Neapolitan bone-ache , for that , methinks , is the curse depending on those that war for a placket .
or rather the neapolitan bone-ache , for that , [I think] , is the curse depending on those that war for a placket .

Methinks a few thousand Hartlepudlians could form an opinion , especially where George ‘ In the Red Corner ’ Walker 's salary rise is concerned .
[I think] a few thousand hartlepudlians could form an opinion , especially where george ‘ in the red corner ’ walker 's salary rise is concerned .

‘ Methinks you 're alter 'd very much …
‘ [I think] you 're alter 'd very much …

To a revision of the poem published in 1803 he added the lines , ‘ Methinks , it should have been impossible/Not to love all things in a World like this ’ , his words seeming to carry the weight of his later regret that his unclouded times with Sara were so quickly over .
to a revision of the poem published in 1803 he added the lines , ‘ [I think] , it should have been impossible/not to love all things in a world like this ’ , his words seeming to carry the weight of his later regret that his unclouded times with sara were so quickly over .

Thy church-tower , and , methinks , the four huge elms
thy church-tower , and , [I think] , the four huge elms

‘ Life has been rather hard on her , methinks .
‘ life has been rather hard on her , [I think] .

The answer , methinks , is that the presidency attracts losers because it 's not even in the top 500 highest offices of the land .
the answer , [I think] , is that the presidency attracts losers because it 's not even in the top 500 highest offices of the land .

Rather , it is the artistry that rubs off on the person steeped in the best parts of the culture , the phrase unconsciously plucked from a 17th-century poem or 16th-century play , ( no matter how corny , like Methinks the lady doth protest too much ) , the single word that indicates at least passing familiarity with history ( like defenestration ) , the fragment of an air associated with a Bach fugue .
rather , it is the artistry that rubs off on the person steeped in the best parts of the culture , the phrase unconsciously plucked from a 17th-century poem or 16th-century play , ( no matter how corny , like [I think] the lady doth protest too much ) , the single word that indicates at least passing familiarity with history ( like defenestration ) , the fragment of an air associated with a bach fugue .

