In accord with its penurious policy , the company failed to furnish presents to hold the loyalty of the principal Indians .
in accord with its [poor] policy , the company failed to furnish presents to hold the loyalty of the principal indians .

The Desire and Pursuit of the Whole , published posthumously in 1934 , mirrored these bitter and penurious years .
the desire and pursuit of the whole , published posthumously in 1934 , mirrored these bitter and [poor] years .

In Rhodri 's cast-off clothes and worn shoes he looked like a penurious wandering scrivener of sixty ; in truth he was barely forty , and had been a tall , strong man of his hands once , and would be as good again after a month of eating regularly , and nursing his frayed body and broken and blistered feet .
in rhodri 's cast-off clothes and worn shoes he looked like a [poor] wandering scrivener of sixty ; in truth he was barely forty , and had been a tall , strong man of his hands once , and would be as good again after a month of eating regularly , and nursing his frayed body and broken and blistered feet .

’ One farming grandfather is remembered as ‘ open hearted , hospitable , a good sport ’ , in contrast to his ‘ stingy and penurious ’ second wife .
’ one farming grandfather is remembered as ‘ open hearted , hospitable , a good sport ’ , in contrast to his ‘ stingy and [poor] ’ second wife .

If you are a student or a young penurious worker try this ruse a fellow student of mine developed .
if you are a student or a young [poor] worker try this ruse a fellow student of mine developed .

friend of Mrs Jarley , a penurious rhymester who makes up advertising jingles .
friend of mrs jarley , a [poor] rhymester who makes up advertising jingles .

The piece notes two big problems with Amazon 's advertorial effort : 1 ) It makes readers wonder if the raved book is really good or just paid for ; 2 ) It puts books published by the generally more penurious independent houses at a competitive disadvantage , regardless of content .
the piece notes two big problems with amazon 's advertorial effort : 1 ) it makes readers wonder if the raved book is really good or just paid for ; 2 ) it puts books published by the generally more [poor] independent houses at a competitive disadvantage , regardless of content .

