He sucked in his breath and kept quiet while Killpath laid down the sheet again , wound the gold-wire stems of his glasses around his ears and then , eying the report as it lay before him on the desk , intoned , `` Acting Lieutenant Gunnar Matson one failed to see that the station keeper was properly relieved two absented himself throughout the entire watch without checking on the station's activities or the whereabouts of his section sergeants three permitted members of the Homicide Detail of the Inspector's Bureau to arrogate for their own convenience a patrolman who was thereby prevented from carrying on his proper assignment four failed to notify the station commander Acting Captain O. T. Killpath of a homicide occurring in the district five frequented extralegal establishments known as after-hours spots for purposes of an unofficial and purportedly social nature and six '' -- he leaned back and peeled off his glasses `` -- failed to co-operate with the Acting Captain by returning promptly when so ordered .
he sucked in his breath and kept quiet while killpath laid down the sheet again , wound the gold-wire stems of his glasses around his ears and then , eying the report as it lay before him on the desk , intoned , `` acting lieutenant gunnar matson one failed to see that the station keeper was properly relieved two absented himself throughout the entire watch without checking on the station's activities or the whereabouts of his section sergeants three permitted members of the homicide detail of the inspector's bureau to arrogate for their own convenience a patrolman who was thereby prevented from carrying on his proper assignment four failed to notify the station commander acting captain o. t. killpath of a homicide occurring in the district five frequented extralegal establishments known as after-hours spots for purposes of an unofficial and [supposedly] social nature and six '' -- he leaned back and peeled off his glasses `` -- failed to co-operate with the acting captain by returning promptly when so ordered .

This was a cardboard cylinder with a light bulb inside , which rotated and sent out pulses which purportedly brought on a transcendental state .
this was a cardboard cylinder with a light bulb inside , which rotated and sent out pulses which [supposedly] brought on a transcendental state .

This letter had purportedly been written by his wife to him saying that he was not the father of the child and she had been having an affair with a man called Nigel , ’ said Mr Klevan .
this letter had [supposedly] been written by his wife to him saying that he was not the father of the child and she had been having an affair with a man called nigel , ’ said mr klevan .

In contrast the development of local management schemes purportedly seeks to enhance local and community control of schools by bringing financial control closer to the point of professional and institutional decision-making .
in contrast the development of local management schemes [supposedly] seeks to enhance local and community control of schools by bringing financial control closer to the point of professional and institutional decision-making .

Andrew Jackson won the presidency in 1828 in spite of his pipe-smoking wife Rachel being branded ‘ adulteress ’ and ‘ whore ’ for purportedly marrying before she was divorced .
andrew jackson won the presidency in 1828 in spite of his pipe-smoking wife rachel being branded ‘ adulteress ’ and ‘ whore ’ for [supposedly] marrying before she was divorced .

Then on 6 April , speaking in Stroud , he achieved his own double-whammy , managing to include in the same speech attacks both on proportional representation and also on Labour 's purportedly lax asylum policy .
then on 6 april , speaking in stroud , he achieved his own double-whammy , managing to include in the same speech attacks both on proportional representation and also on labour 's [supposedly] lax asylum policy .

Those images of chaos and of a nation purportedly tearing itself apart — despite much evidence to the contrary — demanded an immediate political response .
those images of chaos and of a nation [supposedly] tearing itself apart — despite much evidence to the contrary — demanded an immediate political response .

The Egyptian press has received a fax , purportedly from the Jamaat Islamiya , now waging war on Egypt 's secular regime , which was sent from a post office in Peshawar , the Pakistani border headquarters for many of the remaining Arab Afghanis .
the egyptian press has received a fax , [supposedly] from the jamaat islamiya , now waging war on egypt 's secular regime , which was sent from a post office in peshawar , the pakistani border headquarters for many of the remaining arab afghanis .

Of mongrel breed themselves , the Jews were purportedly engaged in a conspiracy to bastardize the races of mankind and to bring the natural nation states of the world under the control of a one-world Jewish superstate .
of mongrel breed themselves , the jews were [supposedly] engaged in a conspiracy to bastardize the races of mankind and to bring the natural nation states of the world under the control of a one-world jewish superstate .

We hear much about the supposed benefits of object-oriented technology : shorter product development times , easier maintenance , better portability , all purportedly resulting in better quality products .
we hear much about the supposed benefits of object-oriented technology : shorter product development times , easier maintenance , better portability , all [supposedly] resulting in better quality products .

In 1988 the university purportedly terminated the applicant 's contract of employment not for good cause but on the ground of redundancy , giving him three months ' written notice .
in 1988 the university [supposedly] terminated the applicant 's contract of employment not for good cause but on the ground of redundancy , giving him three months ' written notice .

By a writ dated 19 October 1987 the plaintiffs , Mary Wood and John Stuart Seveld , the executors named in a will dated 30 June 1978 of Percy Winterbone deceased who died on 20 April 1986 , claimed against the defendants , Clive Smith and Gwendoline Harvey , as legatees named in a pretended codicil purportedly dated 18 April 1986 , the pronouncement of the court in solemn form of the will dated 30 June 1978 .
by a writ dated 19 october 1987 the plaintiffs , mary wood and john stuart seveld , the executors named in a will dated 30 june 1978 of percy winterbone deceased who died on 20 april 1986 , claimed against the defendants , clive smith and gwendoline harvey , as legatees named in a pretended codicil [supposedly] dated 18 april 1986 , the pronouncement of the court in solemn form of the will dated 30 june 1978 .

In an undercover police operation in London a shop was set up purportedly to buy and sell jewellery commercially ; it was staffed solely by undercover officers purporting to be shady jewellers willing to buy stolen property .
in an undercover police operation in london a shop was set up [supposedly] to buy and sell jewellery commercially ; it was staffed solely by undercover officers purporting to be shady jewellers willing to buy stolen property .

As in much self-conscious fiction , we are constantly being reminded of the fictionality of the novel , but Verbivore makes it clear that this fictionality also applies to the ‘ simulations ’ of the media which its ‘ fictions ’ purportedly replace .
as in much self-conscious fiction , we are constantly being reminded of the fictionality of the novel , but verbivore makes it clear that this fictionality also applies to the ‘ simulations ’ of the media which its ‘ fictions ’ [supposedly] replace .

The actual language of the text , shaped by these constraints , warrants the interpretative/explanatory application of the categories that theorise the mental constraints that purportedly cause the language to take the shape it does .
the actual language of the text , shaped by these constraints , warrants the interpretative/explanatory application of the categories that theorise the mental constraints that [supposedly] cause the language to take the shape it does .

To protect the City from abuse of power by Poland , the High Commissioner of the League was given the express power to veto any treaty purportedly entered into by Poland on behalf of the City that was in excess of Poland 's authority .
to protect the city from abuse of power by poland , the high commissioner of the league was given the express power to veto any treaty [supposedly] entered into by poland on behalf of the city that was in excess of poland 's authority .

It is usually ( although not in all circumstances ) for the prosecution to prove that any act carried out purportedly in accordance with the needs of patient , hospital , client etc .
it is usually ( although not in all circumstances ) for the prosecution to prove that any act carried out [supposedly] in accordance with the needs of patient , hospital , client etc .

The conference was also the reputed source of the notorious Tanaka Memorial ( Memorandum ) , a blueprint for continental strategy which Tanaka afterwards purportedly submitted to the emperor .
the conference was also the reputed source of the notorious tanaka memorial ( memorandum ) , a blueprint for continental strategy which tanaka afterwards [supposedly] submitted to the emperor .

And by virtue of a document that purportedly ‘ came to light ’ in the eighth century , the so-called ‘ Donation of Constantine ’ , he was believed to have conferred certain of his own secular powers upon the Pope .
and by virtue of a document that [supposedly] ‘ came to light ’ in the eighth century , the so-called ‘ donation of constantine ’ , he was believed to have conferred certain of his own secular powers upon the pope .

It is , inevitably , a shoddy , plastic , giveaway affair , with a spring arrangement housed within , purportedly to bring down the ballpoint .
it is , inevitably , a shoddy , plastic , giveaway affair , with a spring arrangement housed within , [supposedly] to bring down the ballpoint .

Exactly how much could be gained from the support of a saintly patron can best be seen by turning to the position of Gregory at Tours , in particular to the events leading up to his trial , for purportedly slandering queen Fredegund , at Berny-Rivière .
exactly how much could be gained from the support of a saintly patron can best be seen by turning to the position of gregory at tours , in particular to the events leading up to his trial , for [supposedly] slandering queen fredegund , at berny-rivière .

He had certainly researched Grantham and Marsh and the testimonial Sebastian had purportedly given her was in line with the high regard in which she had been told she was held by the company , although she 'd hardly expected to be given such a glowing recommendation .
he had certainly researched grantham and marsh and the testimonial sebastian had [supposedly] given her was in line with the high regard in which she had been told she was held by the company , although she 'd hardly expected to be given such a glowing recommendation .

It is , therefore , a phase of male sexuality which is purportedly being portrayed with the result that female readers are frequently belittled and diminished as they read about girls who are at one and the same time both the object of male disgust and the arousers of male sexual interest .
it is , therefore , a phase of male sexuality which is [supposedly] being portrayed with the result that female readers are frequently belittled and diminished as they read about girls who are at one and the same time both the object of male disgust and the arousers of male sexual interest .

Frequently these words are purportedly used by the characters within the fabliaux , such as the examples quoted above from Les quatre Souhais Saint Martin , but such terms are also quite often used by the narrators propria voce : in Le Pescheor de Pont seur Saine , `` The Fisherman of Pont-sur-Seine `` , for instance , a tale of sexual envy in a marriage , the narrator soon bluntly tells us of the couple that the man : ( He held her down
frequently these words are [supposedly] used by the characters within the fabliaux , such as the examples quoted above from les quatre souhais saint martin , but such terms are also quite often used by the narrators propria voce : in le pescheor de pont seur saine , `` the fisherman of pont-sur-seine `` , for instance , a tale of sexual envy in a marriage , the narrator soon bluntly tells us of the couple that the man : ( he held her down

In addition , the last radio reports purportedly from the Rose-Noelle had been received on 6 and 9 June — days after its capsize — the latter giving its position as near the Kermadec islands , en route to Tonga and 620 miles north of Auckland .
in addition , the last radio reports [supposedly] from the rose-noelle had been received on 6 and 9 june — days after its capsize — the latter giving its position as near the kermadec islands , en route to tonga and 620 miles north of auckland .

It may for a moment seem to quench but it dehydrates , as purportedly healthy abstainers are forever telling me .
it may for a moment seem to quench but it dehydrates , as [supposedly] healthy abstainers are forever telling me .

Mr Stockdale , who resigned as chairman of Eagle Trust two weeks ago , paid Mr Carway to locate assets purportedly owned by Eagle .
mr stockdale , who resigned as chairman of eagle trust two weeks ago , paid mr carway to locate assets [supposedly] owned by eagle .

Unlike the leaders of the other three ‘ independent ’ homelands — all toadies of Pretoria — he is more than ready to pour scorn on the fundamental fraudulence of the nation he purportedly leads .
unlike the leaders of the other three ‘ independent ’ homelands — all toadies of pretoria — he is more than ready to pour scorn on the fundamental fraudulence of the nation he [supposedly] leads .

An example of this is a jackal 's head , purportedly ancient Egyptian , and carved from the semi-precious stone lapis lazuli ( fig .
an example of this is a jackal 's head , [supposedly] ancient egyptian , and carved from the semi-precious stone lapis lazuli ( fig .

The third condition characterizes consent as a ( purportedly ) public action .
the third condition characterizes consent as a ( [supposedly] ) public action .

At regular intervals each year thousands of worshippers flock to Naples Cathedral to witness the ‘ miracle ’ of the liquefaction of a small phial of blood purportedly from Saint Januarius , martyred by the Romans in 305 .
at regular intervals each year thousands of worshippers flock to naples cathedral to witness the ‘ miracle ’ of the liquefaction of a small phial of blood [supposedly] from saint januarius , martyred by the romans in 305 .

A rather damaged footprint , purportedly that of Jesus , is on display .
a rather damaged footprint , [supposedly] that of jesus , is on display .

Number of cases in which the USPS was told by the Postal Rate Many years ago , when I was just starting my government career , one of my mentors gave me some advice , in the way of a quote purportedly from one Petronius Arbiter in 210 B.C .
number of cases in which the usps was told by the postal rate many years ago , when i was just starting my government career , one of my mentors gave me some advice , in the way of a quote [supposedly] from one petronius arbiter in 210 b.c .

Bin Ladin purportedly inherited approximately $ 300 million when his father died , and was rumored to have had access to these funds to wage jihad while in Sudan and Afghanistan and to secure his leadership position in al Qaeda .
bin ladin [supposedly] inherited approximately $ 300 million when his father died , and was rumored to have had access to these funds to wage jihad while in sudan and afghanistan and to secure his leadership position in al qaeda .

They demanded that the plane be flown from Africa to Australia , purportedly `` to make history , '' and refused to believe that there was n't enough fuel on board to get there .
they demanded that the plane be flown from africa to australia , [supposedly] `` to make history , '' and refused to believe that there was n't enough fuel on board to get there .

Under strong pressure from the GOP Congress in his third year in office , he submitted a plan that purportedly would balance the budget in seven years -- at the price of deep domestic spending cuts .
under strong pressure from the gop congress in his third year in office , he submitted a plan that [supposedly] would balance the budget in seven years -- at the price of deep domestic spending cuts .

Most unnecessary photo : A tie between the Globe 's full-page shot of John receiving what is said to be his last communion and the Star 's grainy frame-grab purportedly showing the Today show 's Katie Couric `` breaking down '' while reporting from Hyannis Port , Mass .
most unnecessary photo : a tie between the globe 's full-page shot of john receiving what is said to be his last communion and the star 's grainy frame-grab [supposedly] showing the today show 's katie couric `` breaking down '' while reporting from hyannis port , mass .

That dishonor , rather , belongs to Drosnin himself for publishing a work that grossly transcends even the now-discredited science on which it was purportedly based .
that dishonor , rather , belongs to drosnin himself for publishing a work that grossly transcends even the now-discredited science on which it was [supposedly] based .

The corporate-conspiracy paradigm was easily extended to include Uncle Sam : AIDS was purportedly a U.S.-government-sponsored tool for black genocide , as was crack .
the corporate-conspiracy paradigm was easily extended to include uncle sam : aids was [supposedly] a u.s.-government-sponsored tool for black genocide , as was crack .

Rather than attack the case the way it has purportedly attacked its competitors , the company has largely ignored it , instead using its rebuttal opportunities to proclaim itself a producer of wonderful products and a dogged servant of consumers .
rather than attack the case the way it has [supposedly] attacked its competitors , the company has largely ignored it , instead using its rebuttal opportunities to proclaim itself a producer of wonderful products and a dogged servant of consumers .

Benex is purportedly a front for a top Russia mafioso ( currently missing ) .
benex is [supposedly] a front for a top russia mafioso ( currently missing ) .

As ambitious as its title , it lists 200 `` eternal '' spiritual/ethical laws that purportedly apply to all people , in all times , in all places .
as ambitious as its title , it lists 200 `` eternal '' spiritual/ethical laws that [supposedly] apply to all people , in all times , in all places .

Naughton purportedly frequented chat rooms used by adult men to contact teen-age girls and is alleged to have had sexually explicit images of children on his laptop computer .
naughton [supposedly] frequented chat rooms used by adult men to contact teen-age girls and is alleged to have had sexually explicit images of children on his laptop computer .

What gives the tale what the Post calls a `` Watergate-like intensity '' is the news that Starr purportedly has at least 20 hours of tape recordings of Lewinsky telling a fellow federal worker , Linda Tripp , about her alleged affair and about Clinton 's and Vernon Jordan 's cover-up instructions .
what gives the tale what the post calls a `` watergate-like intensity '' is the news that starr [supposedly] has at least 20 hours of tape recordings of lewinsky telling a fellow federal worker , linda tripp , about her alleged affair and about clinton 's and vernon jordan 's cover-up instructions .

He purportedly told Jones , `` I do n't want to make you do anything that you do n't want to do . ''
he [supposedly] told jones , `` i do n't want to make you do anything that you do n't want to do . ''

Specifically , the Israelis want Arafat to shut down Hamas , Arafat 's most powerful domestic opponent , which is purportedly responsible for the suicide bombing .
specifically , the israelis want arafat to shut down hamas , arafat 's most powerful domestic opponent , which is [supposedly] responsible for the suicide bombing .

Independent Counsel Kenneth Starr asked an FBI lab to test Monica Lewinsky 's purportedly `` semen-stained '' dress for President Clinton 's DNA .
independent counsel kenneth starr asked an fbi lab to test monica lewinsky 's [supposedly] `` semen-stained '' dress for president clinton 's dna .

The assassin these theorists have in mind is William Greer , the driver of JFK 's own car , who purportedly braked , drew his gun , and delivered the coup de grâce in the middle of the motorcade .
the assassin these theorists have in mind is william greer , the driver of jfk 's own car , who [supposedly] braked , drew his gun , and delivered the coup de grâce in the middle of the motorcade .

According to the Globe , the transgressions included an entirely made-up column purportedly about a woman dying of cancer .
according to the globe , the transgressions included an entirely made-up column [supposedly] about a woman dying of cancer .

The NYT reports that New York University , contending that its name is being tarnished , has filed a federal lawsuit against the operators of a sexually explicit Web site that features a secret camera purportedly spying on scantily- but NYU-logoed-clad women students romping in their dormitory .
the nyt reports that new york university , contending that its name is being tarnished , has filed a federal lawsuit against the operators of a sexually explicit web site that features a secret camera [supposedly] spying on scantily- but nyu-logoed-clad women students romping in their dormitory .

Etymologies in the OED , The Random House Unabridged , and Kluge 's Etymologisches Wörterbuch der deutschen Sprache have cognates of balagan/balcony popping up in Slovene ( blazina ) , Greek , and most significantly in Lithuanian ( balǽienas ) , purportedly the most conservative of the Indo-European languages .
etymologies in the oed , the random house unabridged , and kluge 's etymologisches wörterbuch der deutschen sprache have cognates of balagan/balcony popping up in slovene ( blazina ) , greek , and most significantly in lithuanian ( balǽienas ) , [supposedly] the most conservative of the indo-european languages .

While on the subject of British radio , about a year ago , the radio station Jazz FM was establishd in London , purportedly to play Jazz morning , noon , and night .
while on the subject of british radio , about a year ago , the radio station jazz fm was establishd in london , [supposedly] to play jazz morning , noon , and night .

