And it 's being played on replicas of the musical instruments of that day .
and it 's being played on [copies] of the musical instruments of that day .

The guns , which fire blanks , are exact replicas of those fired in the Wild West .
the guns , which fire blanks , are exact [copies] of those fired in the wild west .

But some gun dealers have stopped selling replicas , because they 're worried about them falling into the wrong hands .
but some gun dealers have stopped selling [copies] , because they 're worried about them falling into the wrong hands .

The Railside Revival Fund also put up cash for replacement gates at the North end of the station and working replicas of old lamps at the subway entrances .
the railside revival fund also put up cash for replacement gates at the north end of the station and working [copies] of old lamps at the subway entrances .

Blues replicas stolen
blues [copies] stolen

The Romanian factory which produces replicas of the Lotto strip was broken into last week — with nearly 500 Blues shirts stolen .
the romanian factory which produces [copies] of the lotto strip was broken into last week — with nearly 500 blues shirts stolen .

Most women never become replicas of their celluloid and paper dreams .
most women never become [copies] of their celluloid and paper dreams .

While in Essex , the list of rip-off replicas includes car parts , designerwear — even canned foods .
while in essex , the list of rip-off [copies] includes car parts , designerwear — even canned foods .

When the mouthbrooder picks up her eggs she gathers up the Synodontis eggs with them which she incubates inside her mouth along with her own fry until they are released as tiny replicas of their natural parents — possibly after preying on the cichlid fry while they are inside her mouth .
when the mouthbrooder picks up her eggs she gathers up the synodontis eggs with them which she incubates inside her mouth along with her own fry until they are released as tiny [copies] of their natural parents — possibly after preying on the cichlid fry while they are inside her mouth .

The eggs are guarded by the female until they hatch into free-swimming replicas of their parents .
the eggs are guarded by the female until they hatch into free-swimming [copies] of their parents .

By permission of the Queen and with the consent of the Cauldon Potteries Ltd. , Sir George Hayter Chubb had painted metal replicas of the house made , with a lock and key and a slit in the roof to be used as children 's money boxes .
by permission of the queen and with the consent of the cauldon potteries ltd. , sir george hayter chubb had painted metal [copies] of the house made , with a lock and key and a slit in the roof to be used as children 's money boxes .

The sportscar firm is gearing up for a multi-million pound windfall by having replicas of the dream machine on sale in the next few weeks for at least £5,000 apiece .
the sportscar firm is gearing up for a multi-million pound windfall by having [copies] of the dream machine on sale in the next few weeks for at least £5,000 apiece .

At present , in a growing-on tank young Flameback males , at nearly 2″ , are almost full colour replicas of their father .
at present , in a growing-on tank young flameback males , at nearly 2″ , are almost full colour [copies] of their father .

The fry are at 2″ , almost full colour replicas of their father .
the fry are at 2″ , almost full colour [copies] of their father .

‘ We could only find one orginal frame , which we used for Summer , so we had three replicas hand carved for Spring , Autumn and Winter . ’
‘ we could only find one orginal frame , which we used for summer , so we had three [copies] hand carved for spring , autumn and winter . ’

And not only are the replicas a lot cheaper , but they 're almost impossible to tell from the originals .
and not only are the [copies] a lot cheaper , but they 're almost impossible to tell from the originals .

Kit car replicas arrive as a confusing jigsaw of pieces which have to be bolted together , often in the family garage .
kit car [copies] arrive as a confusing jigsaw of pieces which have to be bolted together , often in the family garage .

It is dependent on the stability of existing states of affairs since it assumes that future situations will be predictable replicas of those in the past .
it is dependent on the stability of existing states of affairs since it assumes that future situations will be predictable [copies] of those in the past .

He later abandoned this practice , except for the tedium of commissioned replicas when he was court painter , even though it was almost universal at the time .
he later abandoned this practice , except for the tedium of commissioned [copies] when he was court painter , even though it was almost universal at the time .

There is a myth that Ramsay painted nothing of consequence after the 1760s , that his output was limited to replicas .
there is a myth that ramsay painted nothing of consequence after the 1760s , that his output was limited to [copies] .

As the ancestor spirits are such realistic replicas of living elders it is perhaps not surprising that they should work in such close and harmonious collaboration .
as the ancestor spirits are such realistic [copies] of living elders it is perhaps not surprising that they should work in such close and harmonious collaboration .

It is difficult to imagine , now that the Red Planet is knee-deep in silicite replicas and sentimental re-creations of the ‘ Ancients ’ owing more to fancy than to archaeology , but at the time of the Big Step the only vestiges of that once proud race of architects and engineers were the great canals .
it is difficult to imagine , now that the red planet is knee-deep in silicite [copies] and sentimental re-creations of the ‘ ancients ’ owing more to fancy than to archaeology , but at the time of the big step the only vestiges of that once proud race of architects and engineers were the great canals .

As the years progressed and the girls grew from babyhood to childhood and on into girlhood and womanhood , Bertha Cohen could not prevent her early hopes from first wilting and then withering : what she had got were two daughters who were replicas , not of herself , but of her husband .
as the years progressed and the girls grew from babyhood to childhood and on into girlhood and womanhood , bertha cohen could not prevent her early hopes from first wilting and then withering : what she had got were two daughters who were [copies] , not of herself , but of her husband .

The debt to Italy , and particularly to Venice , is apparent in many of the finest buildings in Šibenik , Trogir , Split and Dubrovnik , and one does not need the constant reminders of their origins which are provided by the many replicas of the winged lion of St Mark 's which adorn them .
the debt to italy , and particularly to venice , is apparent in many of the finest buildings in šibenik , trogir , split and dubrovnik , and one does not need the constant reminders of their origins which are provided by the many [copies] of the winged lion of st mark 's which adorn them .

The museum man placed his fingertips together and nodded at Davide as he took trouble to explain , and the colour flowed back from Davide 's cheeks and he slipped the coin into his pocket , with its two faces that were neither mirror images of one another , nor replicas , but a false double , an inexact repeat .
the museum man placed his fingertips together and nodded at davide as he took trouble to explain , and the colour flowed back from davide 's cheeks and he slipped the coin into his pocket , with its two faces that were neither mirror images of one another , nor [copies] , but a false double , an inexact repeat .

Some years later Owen helped to design a collection of life-sized replicas of dinosaurs and other denizens of the age of reptiles erected at the Crystal Palace site in south London .
some years later owen helped to design a collection of life-sized [copies] of dinosaurs and other denizens of the age of reptiles erected at the crystal palace site in south london .

In 1920 Meccano Ltd. produced the first Hornby model trains , replicas of British trains with authentic colours and lettering used by the railway companies of the time .
in 1920 meccano ltd. produced the first hornby model trains , [copies] of british trains with authentic colours and lettering used by the railway companies of the time .

There were no Gee Bees from the past , but there were four replicas , covering virtually the whole range .
there were no gee bees from the past , but there were four [copies] , covering virtually the whole range .

However physical replicas can only incorporate features and characteristics perceived to be significant at the time of replication and part of the justification for preserving original objects in preference to a copy is that the original can be interrogated in an open-ended way in the light of unforeseen enquiry .
however physical [copies] can only incorporate features and characteristics perceived to be significant at the time of replication and part of the justification for preserving original objects in preference to a copy is that the original can be interrogated in an open-ended way in the light of unforeseen enquiry .

Prior to the snuff-allergy hypothesis , snuff-content would not be a consideration in the making of a garment replicas .
prior to the snuff-allergy hypothesis , snuff-content would not be a consideration in the making of a garment [copies] .

Making replicas of existing chairs is generally done to extend sets of antique chairs , but it can also prove a very useful introduction to chair-making techniques .
making [copies] of existing chairs is generally done to extend sets of antique chairs , but it can also prove a very useful introduction to chair-making techniques .

The planners , a fifteen-member committee combining Japanese and Dutch know-how , selected a site on which they specifically avoided the arbitrary jumbling together of a few replicas .
the planners , a fifteen-member committee combining japanese and dutch know-how , selected a site on which they specifically avoided the arbitrary jumbling together of a few [copies] .

The steering committee has opted for quality , downplaying the innumerable replicas from the painter 's workshop to focus on his extraordinary evolution from provincial artist to one of the great protagonists of Venetian art .
the steering committee has opted for quality , downplaying the innumerable [copies] from the painter 's workshop to focus on his extraordinary evolution from provincial artist to one of the great protagonists of venetian art .

These tourists ordered not only busts of themselves but replicas and versions of the artist 's fourteen or so separate ideal works including : ‘ Eve Tempted ’ ( 1839–42 ) ; the ‘ Greek Slave ’ ( 1841–1843 ) ; ‘ Proserpine ’ ( 1843 ; 1844–49 ) ; ‘ America ’ ( 1848–9 ) and ‘ California ’ ( 1850 ) .
these tourists ordered not only busts of themselves but [copies] and versions of the artist 's fourteen or so separate ideal works including : ‘ eve tempted ’ ( 1839–42 ) ; the ‘ greek slave ’ ( 1841–1843 ) ; ‘ proserpine ’ ( 1843 ; 1844–49 ) ; ‘ america ’ ( 1848–9 ) and ‘ california ’ ( 1850 ) .

This technique , used in combination with agents which bind to specific membrane components and induce identifiable lesions in membrane replicas [ e.g .
this technique , used in combination with agents which bind to specific membrane components and induce identifiable lesions in membrane [copies] [ e.g .

Tweaking the Replicas
tweaking the [copies]

Rentokil now have a bespoke range of over forty different species and displays all illustrated in a brochure , all of which are replicas .
rentokil now have a bespoke range of over forty different species and displays all illustrated in a brochure , all of which are [copies] .

For the first time there is access to the Crown Room for wheelchairs , and full-size ‘ hands-on ’ replicas of the Regalia have been made for blind or partially-sighted visitors .
for the first time there is access to the crown room for wheelchairs , and full-size ‘ hands-on ’ [copies] of the regalia have been made for blind or partially-sighted visitors .

‘ They are innovative products at the forefront of market trends , not replicas of brand leading lines .
‘ they are innovative products at the forefront of market trends , not [copies] of brand leading lines .

Replicas can be made of quite large surfaces , even up to hundreds of square centimetres in area , but the difficulty of producing good surfaces ( and satisfactory solvent distribution cross them ) increases rapidly with samples larger than about 0·5 m × 0·5 m .
[copies] can be made of quite large surfaces , even up to hundreds of square centimetres in area , but the difficulty of producing good surfaces ( and satisfactory solvent distribution cross them ) increases rapidly with samples larger than about 0·5 m × 0·5 m .

Film left lying around the laboratory becomes dusty and scratched , and makes poor quality replicas .
film left lying around the laboratory becomes dusty and scratched , and makes poor quality [copies] .

Lees ( 1962 ) drew attention to a noticeable gap which existed in the instrumentation for examination of transparent thin sections or surface replicas such as peels , particularly with sizes larger than a standard thin section .
lees ( 1962 ) drew attention to a noticeable gap which existed in the instrumentation for examination of transparent thin sections or surface [copies] such as peels , particularly with sizes larger than a standard thin section .

It may be suitable to establish min–exhibitions , rather than full–scale replicas of the main exhibition .
it may be suitable to establish min–exhibitions , rather than full–scale [copies] of the main exhibition .

The teacher might think of extra resources : a box of artefacts ( some of which may be replicas ) which the pupils can handle ; a bookcase with additional reference materials including dictionaries and atlases as well as appropriate texts of higher and lower levels or a selection of visual materials for study .
the teacher might think of extra resources : a box of artefacts ( some of which may be [copies] ) which the pupils can handle ; a bookcase with additional reference materials including dictionaries and atlases as well as appropriate texts of higher and lower levels or a selection of visual materials for study .

Replicas offer one possible channel , and many museum shops and heritage shops sell these .
[copies] offer one possible channel , and many museum shops and heritage shops sell these .

Replicas are very useful for reconstruction activities .
[copies] are very useful for reconstruction activities .

Freeze fracture replicas were prepared from the endoscopic biopsy specimens of 20 patients with gastric ulcer ( 15 men and five women , aged 49 ( 13 ) years ) and seven healthy volunteers ( four men and three women , aged 41 ( 19 ) years ) .
freeze fracture [copies] were prepared from the endoscopic biopsy specimens of 20 patients with gastric ulcer ( 15 men and five women , aged 49 ( 13 ) years ) and seven healthy volunteers ( four men and three women , aged 41 ( 19 ) years ) .

It divides and stacks into smaller replicas of itself .
it divides and stacks into smaller [copies] of itself .

It has taken 10 years for Robert and John Woodward , two brothers in the village of Wotton-under-Edge , to piece together replicas of the 1,500,000 coloured clay tesserae of the mosaic , using nearly 300 photographs of the original .
it has taken 10 years for robert and john woodward , two brothers in the village of wotton-under-edge , to piece together [copies] of the 1,500,000 coloured clay tesserae of the mosaic , using nearly 300 photographs of the original .

Replicas pose a serious threat to some luxury brands .
[copies] pose a serious threat to some luxury brands .

But do n't come running to me when you find replicas of the Taj Mahal in here in the future .
but do n't come running to me when you find [copies] of the taj mahal in here in the future .

Teddy Bears of Witney have the original Steiff Alfonzo , made in 1908 for Princess Xenia Georgievna , and a limited edition of replicas .
teddy bears of witney have the original steiff alfonzo , made in 1908 for princess xenia georgievna , and a limited edition of [copies] .

He really does want to fill the universe with a lot of loathsome little replicas of Himself — creatures whose life , on its miniature scale , will be qualitatively like His own , not because He has absorbed them but because their wills freely conform to His .
he really does want to fill the universe with a lot of loathsome little [copies] of himself — creatures whose life , on its miniature scale , will be qualitatively like his own , not because he has absorbed them but because their wills freely conform to his .

This used existing stone pillars , together with new replicas so that the whole design is very much in keeping with the original architecture .
this used existing stone pillars , together with new [copies] so that the whole design is very much in keeping with the original architecture .

The most intriguing cafés have steamy windows filled with plastic replicas of the real food inside .
the most intriguing cafés have steamy windows filled with plastic [copies] of the real food inside .

The term ‘ cloning ’ refers to a method of asexual reproduction , such as grafting of varieties of apples , whereby all offspring are exact genetic replicas of the parent stock .
the term ‘ cloning ’ refers to a method of asexual reproduction , such as grafting of varieties of apples , whereby all offspring are exact genetic [copies] of the parent stock .

This building ( 1824 ) , designed by Decimus Burton ( 1800–81 ) , contained a vast panoramic view of London more than an acre in extent as well as a collection of replicas of classical sculpture .
this building ( 1824 ) , designed by decimus burton ( 1800–81 ) , contained a vast panoramic view of london more than an acre in extent as well as a collection of [copies] of classical sculpture .

Eventually printed replicas of stamps became acceptable to both sides .
eventually printed [copies] of stamps became acceptable to both sides .

For all the ingenuity that has been exercised in studying remaining ships and portrayals of ships in the light of expert modern knowledge — in the building and sailing of replicas and all manner of ingenious devices — it still remains true that we are tempted to judge early medieval navigation mainly from a handful of second-hand boats ready for retirement , which were thus thought suitable for burial .
for all the ingenuity that has been exercised in studying remaining ships and portrayals of ships in the light of expert modern knowledge — in the building and sailing of [copies] and all manner of ingenious devices — it still remains true that we are tempted to judge early medieval navigation mainly from a handful of second-hand boats ready for retirement , which were thus thought suitable for burial .

Fleets of modern day replicas of those old boats might grace the waters of the Firth of Clyde yet .
fleets of modern day [copies] of those old boats might grace the waters of the firth of clyde yet .

In the early school grades , children display an even greater capacity to create replicas of the world around them—skills that teachers may build on in extended projects , such as studying a Native American village or the wildlife of a rain forest .
in the early school grades , children display an even greater capacity to create [copies] of the world around them—skills that teachers may build on in extended projects , such as studying a native american village or the wildlife of a rain forest .

The Middle Kingdom is a recreated “ living ” history of China ’ s past , presented through a number of full-size replicas of shrines , temples , pagodas , palaces , and street scenes .
the middle kingdom is a recreated “ living ” history of china ’ s past , presented through a number of full-size [copies] of shrines , temples , pagodas , palaces , and street scenes .

The colourful uniforms are exact replicas of the originals , as is the distinctive Janissary march , with the musicians turning to left and right at each alternate step .
the colourful uniforms are exact [copies] of the originals , as is the distinctive janissary march , with the musicians turning to left and right at each alternate step .

They stroll wide-eyed in the shadows of the landmarks of the world ’ s greatest cities ; around them , within walking distance of one another , loom replicas of the Eiffel Tower , a massive pyramid of Egypt , and the palaces of ancient Rome .
they stroll wide-eyed in the shadows of the landmarks of the world ’ s greatest cities ; around them , within walking distance of one another , loom [copies] of the eiffel tower , a massive pyramid of egypt , and the palaces of ancient rome .

The fortress-like exterior is decorated with 14 niches : to fill them , the major guilds commissioned statues of patron saints from Florence ’ s greatest talents ( replicas now stand in their place ) .
the fortress-like exterior is decorated with 14 niches : to fill them , the major guilds commissioned statues of patron saints from florence ’ s greatest talents ( [copies] now stand in their place ) .

The marble that Michelangelo chose for his Moses and Pietà is now hewn , at $ 3,000 a cubic meter , for replicas at Caesar ’ s Palace in Las Vegas , tombstones in the Los Angeles Forest Lawn cemetery , and countless homes of oil-rich sheiks .
the marble that michelangelo chose for his moses and pietà is now hewn , at $ 3,000 a cubic meter , for [copies] at caesar ’ s palace in las vegas , tombstones in the los angeles forest lawn cemetery , and countless homes of oil-rich sheiks .

Displays include period pieces , memorabilia , replicas , maps , paintings , and sketches , though no personal effects or anything directly linked to the man himself .
displays include period pieces , memorabilia , [copies] , maps , paintings , and sketches , though no personal effects or anything directly linked to the man himself .

Viceroy Lord Curzon had these replicas installed in 1903 .
viceroy lord curzon had these [copies] installed in 1903 .

A few hundred meters inland from Es Jonquet , the Poble Espanyol is a rather kitschy walled town of scaled-down replicas of Spanish architectural treasures from across Spain , including Granada ’ s famed Alhambra palace .
a few hundred meters inland from es jonquet , the poble espanyol is a rather kitschy walled town of scaled-down [copies] of spanish architectural treasures from across spain , including granada ’ s famed alhambra palace .

In the large pit in front of the Page Museum ( see below ) , life-size replicas of mastodons are shown trapped in the tar .
in the large pit in front of the page museum ( see below ) , life-size [copies] of mastodons are shown trapped in the tar .

At night , when Jalan Petaling is closed to traffic , the area comes alive , giving way to peddlers selling watches ( bewildering replicas of designer brands ) , music and video cassettes , clothing , jewelry , and ornaments .
at night , when jalan petaling is closed to traffic , the area comes alive , giving way to peddlers selling watches ( bewildering [copies] of designer brands ) , music and video cassettes , clothing , jewelry , and ornaments .

Replicas of the crown jewels housed in the Tower of London can also be found here .
[copies] of the crown jewels housed in the tower of london can also be found here .

The two imposing horses guarding the entrance to the Champs-Elysées are replicas of the handsome 18th-century Chevaux de Marly , sculpted by Guillaume Coustou .
the two imposing horses guarding the entrance to the champs-elysées are [copies] of the handsome 18th-century chevaux de marly , sculpted by guillaume coustou .

The gold lion and silver unicorn above , symbols of the British crown , are replicas of originals that were destroyed that same day .
the gold lion and silver unicorn above , symbols of the british crown , are [copies] of originals that were destroyed that same day .

Here they are ( or at least their replicas ) , giving Guangzhou its nickname : “ City of Rams . ”
here they are ( or at least their [copies] ) , giving guangzhou its nickname : “ city of rams . ”

Built in 1929 for the Barcelona Universal Exposition , it ’ s a composite of architecture representing Spain ’ s varied regions , including replicas of houses , church towers , fountains , plazas , and palaces built of solid brick and stone .
built in 1929 for the barcelona universal exposition , it ’ s a composite of architecture representing spain ’ s varied regions , including [copies] of houses , church towers , fountains , plazas , and palaces built of solid brick and stone .

Pundits agreed that capitalism will continue to flourish there even if democracy does n't : The New York Times ' Tom Friedman noted that replicas of the `` Goddess of Democracy '' ( erected in 1989 by protesters in Tiananmen Square ) , which were being peddled by Hong Kong demonstrators , were `` Made in China . ''
pundits agreed that capitalism will continue to flourish there even if democracy does n't : the new york times ' tom friedman noted that [copies] of the `` goddess of democracy '' ( erected in 1989 by protesters in tiananmen square ) , which were being peddled by hong kong demonstrators , were `` made in china . ''

Pundits agreed that capitalism will continue to flourish there even if democracy does n't : The New York Times ' Tom Friedman noted that replicas of the `` Goddess of Democracy '' ( erected in 1989 by protesters in Tiananmen Square ) , which were being peddled by Hong Kong demonstrators , were `` Made in China . ''
pundits agreed that capitalism will continue to flourish there even if democracy does n't : the new york times ' tom friedman noted that [copies] of the `` goddess of democracy '' ( erected in 1989 by protesters in tiananmen square ) , which were being peddled by hong kong demonstrators , were `` made in china . ''

Pundits agreed that capitalism will continue to flourish there even if democracy does n't : The New York Times ' Tom Friedman noted that replicas of the `` Goddess of Democracy '' ( erected in 1989 by protesters in Tiananmen Square ) , which were being peddled by Hong Kong demonstrators , were `` Made in China . ''
pundits agreed that capitalism will continue to flourish there even if democracy does n't : the new york times ' tom friedman noted that [copies] of the `` goddess of democracy '' ( erected in 1989 by protesters in tiananmen square ) , which were being peddled by hong kong demonstrators , were `` made in china . ''

Critics scoff at two new late-night talk shows , hosted by black stand-up comics , as poor replicas of the early '90s hit The Arsenio Hall Show .
critics scoff at two new late-night talk shows , hosted by black stand-up comics , as poor [copies] of the early '90s hit the arsenio hall show .

If you can not afford Christie 's Auction price ¥1,761,500 To buy The Anglesey Desk British Antique Replicas will make you an exact copy almost indistinguishable from the original at less than a fraction of Christie 's price .
if you can not afford christie 's auction price ¥1,761,500 to buy the anglesey desk british antique [copies] will make you an exact copy almost indistinguishable from the original at less than a fraction of christie 's price .

