Arnold's iron shot from the tee burrowed into the bunker guarding the green , an embankment that had become soft and spongy from the rains , thereby bringing local rules into force .
arnold's iron shot from the tee burrowed into the bunker guarding the green , an embankment that had become soft and spongy from the rains , [as such] bringing local rules into force .

The trial will be held , probably the first week of March , in the famous Old Bailey central criminal court where Klaus Fuchs , the naturalized British German born scientist who succeeded in giving American and British atomic bomb secrets to Russia and thereby changed world history during the 1950s , was sentenced to 14 years in prison .
the trial will be held , probably the first week of march , in the famous old bailey central criminal court where klaus fuchs , the naturalized british german born scientist who succeeded in giving american and british atomic bomb secrets to russia and [as such] changed world history during the 1950s , was sentenced to 14 years in prison .

The fact that secrets of the Dreadnought , and thereby of the American undersea fleet , were involved in the spy case had been hinted at earlier .
the fact that secrets of the dreadnought , and [as such] of the american undersea fleet , were involved in the spy case had been hinted at earlier .

Question at issue : How big a vote should be necessary to restrict Senate debate -- and thereby cut off legislation-delaying filibusters ? ?
question at issue : how big a vote should be necessary to restrict senate debate -- and [as such] cut off legislation-delaying filibusters ? ?

or ( 3 ) alternately accelerate and decelerate , thus keeping the first driver guessing as to his intentions , thereby making a fascinating sport of the whole affair .
or ( 3 ) alternately accelerate and decelerate , thus keeping the first driver guessing as to his intentions , [as such] making a fascinating sport of the whole affair .

They seek thereby to lure the old grad back to the old scenes .
they seek [as such] to lure the old grad back to the old scenes .

If the Republicans and Southern Democrats join to defeat medical care for the old under the Social Security program , they will thereby erect still another barrier to GOP hopes in the cities .
if the republicans and southern democrats join to defeat medical care for the old under the social security program , they will [as such] erect still another barrier to gop hopes in the cities .

The East Greenwich Police Department utilizes the radio transmission facilities of the Warwick Police Department , thereby eliminating duplication of facilities and ensuring police coordination in the Cowessett-East Greenwich-Potowomut area of the two communities .
the east greenwich police department utilizes the radio transmission facilities of the warwick police department , [as such] eliminating duplication of facilities and ensuring police coordination in the cowessett-east greenwich-potowomut area of the two communities .

So Enright's courting of the mettlesome Ellen is impeded considerably , thereby providing the tale which is told .
so enright's courting of the mettlesome ellen is impeded considerably , [as such] providing the tale which is told .

Sloan created such works for newspaper supplements before syndication threw him out of a job and sent him to roam the streets of New York , thereby building for America an incomparable city survey from paintings of McSorley's Saloon to breezy clotheslines on city roofs .
sloan created such works for newspaper supplements before syndication threw him out of a job and sent him to roam the streets of new york , [as such] building for america an incomparable city survey from paintings of mcsorley's saloon to breezy clotheslines on city roofs .

True , our problems have lessened a bit as more and more of our neighbors have built their own pools , thereby diluting our spectacular attractions .
true , our problems have lessened a bit as more and more of our neighbors have built their own pools , [as such] diluting our spectacular attractions .

Together they also developed a new form of voltaic cell in which the wooden trough was replaced by one of copper , thereby producing stronger currents .
together they also developed a new form of voltaic cell in which the wooden trough was replaced by one of copper , [as such] producing stronger currents .

You may find certain coverage costing much more than is economically feasible , thereby alerting you to desirable revisions .
you may find certain coverage costing much more than is economically feasible , [as such] alerting you to desirable revisions .

He thereby precipitated a bitter controversy involving Protestants , Jews and Roman Catholics that continued for two months , until the city's Board of Hospitals lifted the ban on birth-control therapy .
he [as such] precipitated a bitter controversy involving protestants , jews and roman catholics that continued for two months , until the city's board of hospitals lifted the ban on birth-control therapy .

In 1920 , the Lambeth Conference repeated its 1908 condemnation of contraception and issued `` an emphatic warning against the use of unnatural means for the avoidance of conception , together with the grave dangers -- physical , moral , and religious -- thereby incurred , and against the evils which the extension of such use threaten the race '' .
in 1920 , the lambeth conference repeated its 1908 condemnation of contraception and issued `` an emphatic warning against the use of unnatural means for the avoidance of conception , together with the grave dangers -- physical , moral , and religious -- [as such] incurred , and against the evils which the extension of such use threaten the race '' .

The event was so successful that the Interior Secretary plans to serve as impresario for similar ones from time to time , hoping thereby to add to the cultural enrichment of the Administration .
the event was so successful that the interior secretary plans to serve as impresario for similar ones from time to time , hoping [as such] to add to the cultural enrichment of the administration .

We hope thereby to emphasize that , from a psychological standpoint , the effectual prevention of illegitimacy is a continuous long-term process involving the socialization of the female from infancy through adolescence .
we hope [as such] to emphasize that , from a psychological standpoint , the effectual prevention of illegitimacy is a continuous long-term process involving the socialization of the female from infancy through adolescence .

An exploration of these possible relationships constitutes the process of creation and thereby gives form to the dance .
an exploration of these possible relationships constitutes the process of creation and [as such] gives form to the dance .

Also , since the man questioned feels a strong compulsion to answer ( and thereby avoid the consequences of being thought queer ) the question has assumed some measurable properties of a command .
also , since the man questioned feels a strong compulsion to answer ( and [as such] avoid the consequences of being thought queer ) the question has assumed some measurable properties of a command .

Presumably a cocktail party is expected to fulfill the host's desire to get together a number of people who are inadequately acquainted and thereby arrange for bringing the level of acquaintance up to adequacy for future cooperative endeavors .
presumably a cocktail party is expected to fulfill the host's desire to get together a number of people who are inadequately acquainted and [as such] arrange for bringing the level of acquaintance up to adequacy for future cooperative endeavors .

The problem is to remove the accretions and thereby uncover the order that was always there .
the problem is to remove the accretions and [as such] uncover the order that was always there .

To exonerate the legislature and thereby extricate himself from a sticky situation , Pike took another course and made it appear that the legislature had been bilked .
to exonerate the legislature and [as such] extricate himself from a sticky situation , pike took another course and made it appear that the legislature had been bilked .

Many such loans have been made to establish small concerns or to aid in their growth , thereby contributing substantially to community development programs .
many such loans have been made to establish small concerns or to aid in their growth , [as such] contributing substantially to community development programs .

and now , therefore , do I , John A. Notte , Jr. , governor of the State of Rhode Island and Providence Plantations , proclaim Tuesday , October 24th , 1961 , as United Nations day , calling upon all our citizens to engage in appropriate observances , demonstrating faith in the United Nations and thereby contributing to a better understanding of the aims of the United Nations throughout the land .
and now , therefore , do i , john a. notte , jr. , governor of the state of rhode island and providence plantations , proclaim tuesday , october 24th , 1961 , as united nations day , calling upon all our citizens to engage in appropriate observances , demonstrating faith in the united nations and [as such] contributing to a better understanding of the aims of the united nations throughout the land .

cause on-site inspections to be made of promising projects , domestic and foreign , and , in the case of projects located in the United States , cooperate and participate in their development in instances in which the purposes of this Act will be served thereby ; ;
cause on-site inspections to be made of promising projects , domestic and foreign , and , in the case of projects located in the united states , cooperate and participate in their development in instances in which the purposes of this act will be served [as such] ; ;

and second , to increase uniformly the allotments to those States whose allotments are below their maximums , with adjustments to prevent the allotment of any State from thereby exceeding its maximum .
and second , to increase uniformly the allotments to those states whose allotments are below their maximums , with adjustments to prevent the allotment of any state from [as such] exceeding its maximum .

But during nighttime hours the skywave radiations are reflected from the ionosphere , thereby creating the possibility of one station's rendering service , via skywave , at a much greater distance than it can through its groundwave signal , and at the same time vastly complicating the interference problem because of the still greater distance over which these skywave signals may cause interference to the signals of stations on the same and closely adjacent frequencies .
but during nighttime hours the skywave radiations are reflected from the ionosphere , [as such] creating the possibility of one station's rendering service , via skywave , at a much greater distance than it can through its groundwave signal , and at the same time vastly complicating the interference problem because of the still greater distance over which these skywave signals may cause interference to the signals of stations on the same and closely adjacent frequencies .

The total heat flux from the porous plug into the plug holder is thereby Af .
the total heat flux from the porous plug into the plug holder is [as such] af .

Data on the former are scanty , but there can be little doubt that the latter is sometimes born at a length greater than that of any of the others , thereby lending support to the belief that the anaconda does , indeed , attain the greatest length .
data on the former are scanty , but there can be little doubt that the latter is sometimes born at a length greater than that of any of the others , [as such] lending support to the belief that the anaconda does , indeed , attain the greatest length .

The population can thereby replenish itself and actually grow larger .
the population can [as such] replenish itself and actually grow larger .

Both parties and the Ministry of the Interior were busily at work after the elections trying to unearth the political affiliations of the successful candidates and , thereby , give the elections a confidential but known degree of national political significance .
both parties and the ministry of the interior were busily at work after the elections trying to unearth the political affiliations of the successful candidates and , [as such] , give the elections a confidential but known degree of national political significance .

The suburban branch is thereby credited with a sale which would have been made even if its glass doors had never opened .
the suburban branch is [as such] credited with a sale which would have been made even if its glass doors had never opened .

The poem does not distort the syntax of ordinary speech nor draw on exotic sources of diction , yet it is obviously not ordinary speech -- only Hardy would say `` a grin of bitterness swept thereby ; ;
the poem does not distort the syntax of ordinary speech nor draw on exotic sources of diction , yet it is obviously not ordinary speech -- only hardy would say `` a grin of bitterness swept [as such] ; ;

He sucked in his breath and kept quiet while Killpath laid down the sheet again , wound the gold-wire stems of his glasses around his ears and then , eying the report as it lay before him on the desk , intoned , `` Acting Lieutenant Gunnar Matson one failed to see that the station keeper was properly relieved two absented himself throughout the entire watch without checking on the station's activities or the whereabouts of his section sergeants three permitted members of the Homicide Detail of the Inspector's Bureau to arrogate for their own convenience a patrolman who was thereby prevented from carrying on his proper assignment four failed to notify the station commander Acting Captain O. T. Killpath of a homicide occurring in the district five frequented extralegal establishments known as after-hours spots for purposes of an unofficial and purportedly social nature and six '' -- he leaned back and peeled off his glasses `` -- failed to co-operate with the Acting Captain by returning promptly when so ordered .
he sucked in his breath and kept quiet while killpath laid down the sheet again , wound the gold-wire stems of his glasses around his ears and then , eying the report as it lay before him on the desk , intoned , `` acting lieutenant gunnar matson one failed to see that the station keeper was properly relieved two absented himself throughout the entire watch without checking on the station's activities or the whereabouts of his section sergeants three permitted members of the homicide detail of the inspector's bureau to arrogate for their own convenience a patrolman who was [as such] prevented from carrying on his proper assignment four failed to notify the station commander acting captain o. t. killpath of a homicide occurring in the district five frequented extralegal establishments known as after-hours spots for purposes of an unofficial and purportedly social nature and six '' -- he leaned back and peeled off his glasses `` -- failed to co-operate with the acting captain by returning promptly when so ordered .

It houses the changing-rooms , toilets , offices and the bar , thereby avoiding having liquor in the ex-citadel .
it houses the changing-rooms , toilets , offices and the bar , [as such] avoiding having liquor in the ex-citadel .

The only way to lighten a heavy forehand , which is basically the trouble , is by using a strong leg up to a giving and taking hand , thereby giving a series of strong half-halts .
the only way to lighten a heavy forehand , which is basically the trouble , is by using a strong leg up to a giving and taking hand , [as such] giving a series of strong half-halts .

Hopefully , further research may lead to a way of quantifying tendon strength and thereby possibly being able to identify animals at risk from tendon injury prior to starting training .
hopefully , further research may lead to a way of quantifying tendon strength and [as such] possibly being able to identify animals at risk from tendon injury prior to starting training .

He was also alarmed that , under the ‘ misguided ’ bill , one tier of the housing system of freehold , leasehold and rented properties would be completely removed , thereby removing choice .
he was also alarmed that , under the ‘ misguided ’ bill , one tier of the housing system of freehold , leasehold and rented properties would be completely removed , [as such] removing choice .

Retroviruses displaying antibody fragments might also be used to retain the retrovirus in the vicinity of a tumour , and thereby reduce the systemic spread of recombinant retroviruses .
retroviruses displaying antibody fragments might also be used to retain the retrovirus in the vicinity of a tumour , and [as such] reduce the systemic spread of recombinant retroviruses .

The other thing we noted about the fire chief 's report is that the brigade is to be re-named the Durham County Fire and Rescue Service , thereby emphasising its commitment to cats up trees , cows in clarts and budgerigars that have fallen off the perch .
the other thing we noted about the fire chief 's report is that the brigade is to be re-named the durham county fire and rescue service , [as such] emphasising its commitment to cats up trees , cows in clarts and budgerigars that have fallen off the perch .

His inventions solved the problem of finding a ship 's position in longitude — east or west — thereby pinpointing it on the map .
his inventions solved the problem of finding a ship 's position in longitude — east or west — [as such] pinpointing it on the map .

Dickson himself admits to having early doubts about some of the ecological subtleties — including the supposed , and biologically unusual , ability of the common reeds that would comprise the visible part of the constructed wetland , to transfer oxygen from leaf-surface to below water , thereby allowing aerobic bacteria to metabolise concentrated sewage .
dickson himself admits to having early doubts about some of the ecological subtleties — including the supposed , and biologically unusual , ability of the common reeds that would comprise the visible part of the constructed wetland , to transfer oxygen from leaf-surface to below water , [as such] allowing aerobic bacteria to metabolise concentrated sewage .

All nine teams have paid £10 to enter , thereby raising £85.50 for the worthiest of causes .
all nine teams have paid £10 to enter , [as such] raising £85.50 for the worthiest of causes .

In this form , the two hormones are absorbed by the skin and since the digestive system is avoided , a much lower dose can be given to achieve the desired effect , thereby reducing the side-effects .
in this form , the two hormones are absorbed by the skin and since the digestive system is avoided , a much lower dose can be given to achieve the desired effect , [as such] reducing the side-effects .

This word ‘ gently ’ enhances the tenderness of the lines , while ‘ fields unsown ’ tells us that the man had to go and work in the fields , suggesting a strength and a vigour which he must have had and thereby making his death harder to accept .
this word ‘ gently ’ enhances the tenderness of the lines , while ‘ fields unsown ’ tells us that the man had to go and work in the fields , suggesting a strength and a vigour which he must have had and [as such] making his death harder to accept .

The mental subtractions and divisions necessary for examining the content of a table are thereby facilitated .
the mental subtractions and divisions necessary for examining the content of a table are [as such] facilitated .

Unfortunately many still stand in such awe of the computer as to believe that any analysis achieved thereby must be correct .
unfortunately many still stand in such awe of the computer as to believe that any analysis achieved [as such] must be correct .

Any such calculation should be done ‘ manually ’ only if a useful check on data preparation would thereby be provided .
any such calculation should be done ‘ manually ’ only if a useful check on data preparation would [as such] be provided .

This section will attempt to demonstrate how the Bank of England operates in the sterling money markets and thereby influences the level of interest rates in those markets .
this section will attempt to demonstrate how the bank of england operates in the sterling money markets and [as such] influences the level of interest rates in those markets .

Market intervention by the Bank of England enables it to influence market rates of interest and thereby all other sterling interest rates across the complete maturity spectrum .
market intervention by the bank of england enables it to influence market rates of interest and [as such] all other sterling interest rates across the complete maturity spectrum .

As the labour market tightened , faster product wage growth limited the expansion of the backward sector , and thereby ensured an elastic labour supply for the dynamic modern sectors .
as the labour market tightened , faster product wage growth limited the expansion of the backward sector , and [as such] ensured an elastic labour supply for the dynamic modern sectors .

Part of the burden was thereby eventually eliminated as the prices of advanced countries ' exports to the primary producers rose — reducing the deterioration in the terms of trade .
part of the burden was [as such] eventually eliminated as the prices of advanced countries ' exports to the primary producers rose — reducing the deterioration in the terms of trade .

The break-up of the Bretton Woods system , at the time and in the form in which it occurred , to a large degree forced an easy money regime on the rest of the system , and thereby fuelled the speculation that in turn fuelled the commodities boom .
the break-up of the bretton woods system , at the time and in the form in which it occurred , to a large degree forced an easy money regime on the rest of the system , and [as such] fuelled the speculation that in turn fuelled the commodities boom .

It raised input costs , thereby tending to reduce profitability and intensifying the pressure on industry to raise prices ( much fixed capital could no longer be operated profitably at existing output prices ) .
it raised input costs , [as such] tending to reduce profitability and intensifying the pressure on industry to raise prices ( much fixed capital could no longer be operated profitably at existing output prices ) .

Rymer , of Willowcroft , Wallasey , was formally accused of attempting to cause to be administered noxious substances Atenolol , Temazepam , Bendrofluazide and Coproxamol thereby to endanger life or inflict grievous bodily harm to a boy on Wednesday June 9 .
rymer , of willowcroft , wallasey , was formally accused of attempting to cause to be administered noxious substances atenolol , temazepam , bendrofluazide and coproxamol [as such] to endanger life or inflict grievous bodily harm to a boy on wednesday june 9 .

Rymer , of Willowcroft , Wallasey was formally accused of attempting to administer noxious substances Atenolol , Temazepam , Bendrofluazude and Bopromoxol thereby to endanger life or inflict grievous bodily harm .
rymer , of willowcroft , wallasey was formally accused of attempting to administer noxious substances atenolol , temazepam , bendrofluazude and bopromoxol [as such] to endanger life or inflict grievous bodily harm .

And the immune system normally functions to protect us in this way , and is regulated in such a manner that it does not attack bits of oneself , but only legitimate foreign targets , and thereby is our ally .
and the immune system normally functions to protect us in this way , and is regulated in such a manner that it does not attack bits of oneself , but only legitimate foreign targets , and [as such] is our ally .

It turns out that the component in the venom of this snake that has such an effect binds to the muscle receptor on human muscle and other animals ' muscles , and it binds there much more tightly than the natural chemical transmitter , which is called estialcodine , thereby preventing the transmission of the nerve impulse to the muscle and gives the victim instant miocenia and presumably a nice meal for the snake in due time .
it turns out that the component in the venom of this snake that has such an effect binds to the muscle receptor on human muscle and other animals ' muscles , and it binds there much more tightly than the natural chemical transmitter , which is called estialcodine , [as such] preventing the transmission of the nerve impulse to the muscle and gives the victim instant miocenia and presumably a nice meal for the snake in due time .

Well there 's no question but which therapists and people of medical profession have come across cases of people who have indeed been scarred for their whole lives and and found it very difficult to to maintain trust and relationships and and be able to achieve their potential as a result of the sorts of situations that they endured , and perhaps we 're more understanding about those sorts of areas of the human need to to be able to express anxiety and to feel that to to express fears is is not something that 's going to overwhelm people that are around us , so that adults who are in the care of children , be they teachers , or parents , or child care workers , can allow children to express their feelings so that they do n't need to hold on to them and thereby increase the fears that they have .
well there 's no question but which therapists and people of medical profession have come across cases of people who have indeed been scarred for their whole lives and and found it very difficult to to maintain trust and relationships and and be able to achieve their potential as a result of the sorts of situations that they endured , and perhaps we 're more understanding about those sorts of areas of the human need to to be able to express anxiety and to feel that to to express fears is is not something that 's going to overwhelm people that are around us , so that adults who are in the care of children , be they teachers , or parents , or child care workers , can allow children to express their feelings so that they do n't need to hold on to them and [as such] increase the fears that they have .

They can also learn that there are lots of ways that people have of coping with these things , and thereby increasing their , you know , coping strategies — technical term — but their ways of handling things .
they can also learn that there are lots of ways that people have of coping with these things , and [as such] increasing their , you know , coping strategies — technical term — but their ways of handling things .

Similarly , branches may be short-staffed thereby increasing loading and unloading times .
similarly , branches may be short-staffed [as such] increasing loading and unloading times .

The wasp lays eggs inside the eggs laid by the whitefly , thereby destroying the whitefly eggs .
the wasp lays eggs inside the eggs laid by the whitefly , [as such] destroying the whitefly eggs .

Firms would find their inventories involuntarily building up and so would cut back production thereby reducing national income .
firms would find their inventories involuntarily building up and so would cut back production [as such] reducing national income .

As a result of these expectations , funds flow from short-term markets to long-term markets , thereby driving down long-term interest rates .
as a result of these expectations , funds flow from short-term markets to long-term markets , [as such] driving down long-term interest rates .

In the Keynesian model , wealth holders attempt to spend their excess money balances on bonds , thereby forcing down interest rates .
in the keynesian model , wealth holders attempt to spend their excess money balances on bonds , [as such] forcing down interest rates .

The course covers areas which are not the province of any one Department and is taught by Staff from many different academic backgrounds , thereby bringing to it a range of experience .
the course covers areas which are not the province of any one department and is taught by staff from many different academic backgrounds , [as such] bringing to it a range of experience .

As it is thereby illustrated and developed its implications should clarify .
as it is [as such] illustrated and developed its implications should clarify .

If the filter is large enough and stocking levels are kept reasonably low , it is possible to use a canister filter as the sole means of biological filtration , thereby supplying valuable extra water volume as the undergravel media are dispensed with .
if the filter is large enough and stocking levels are kept reasonably low , it is possible to use a canister filter as the sole means of biological filtration , [as such] supplying valuable extra water volume as the undergravel media are dispensed with .

Not only are you more familiar with the exercises , but your body is able to achieve the postures in a more relaxed manner , thereby increasing their effectiveness .
not only are you more familiar with the exercises , but your body is able to achieve the postures in a more relaxed manner , [as such] increasing their effectiveness .

The diets are similar in so far as they both exclude a great deal of fat , thereby maximising the reduction of fat from our body .
the diets are similar in so far as they both exclude a great deal of fat , [as such] maximising the reduction of fat from our body .

Gandhi is unable to harbour the thought , even secretly , that another man 's faith is inferior to his own because of his belief that different faiths are God 's creation and thereby equally holy .
gandhi is unable to harbour the thought , even secretly , that another man 's faith is inferior to his own because of his belief that different faiths are god 's creation and [as such] equally holy .

By the choice of the term satyāgraha , Gandhi distinguished the non-violent actions of the Indian movement from the passive resistance of the European movements thereby removing the cause of confusion and a the same time preparing the way for a better understanding of Indian aspirations in South Africa .
by the choice of the term satyāgraha , gandhi distinguished the non-violent actions of the indian movement from the passive resistance of the european movements [as such] removing the cause of confusion and a the same time preparing the way for a better understanding of indian aspirations in south africa .

He claims that agape , as understood in the Christian context , accepts the unacceptable and attempts to change or transform both man and society thereby exemplifying the principle of participation .
he claims that agape , as understood in the christian context , accepts the unacceptable and attempts to change or transform both man and society [as such] exemplifying the principle of participation .

When love comes to a man in the form of grace he has the assurance that he is accepted , and is thereby enabled to experience self-integration once more , and the feeling of being reunited with others .
when love comes to a man in the form of grace he has the assurance that he is accepted , and is [as such] enabled to experience self-integration once more , and the feeling of being reunited with others .

Dustin played Jason Fister , a bumbling undercover Treasury agent sent to Italy to locate gangster Madigan 's ill-gotten millions , thereby becoming embroiled in a series of slapstick mishaps .
dustin played jason fister , a bumbling undercover treasury agent sent to italy to locate gangster madigan 's ill-gotten millions , [as such] becoming embroiled in a series of slapstick mishaps .

Under Clifford , Palmer bided his time , keeping to himself his misgivings about the governor 's achievements in centralization , and exerting himself openly only to oppose Clifford 's proposal that lawyers should be allowed to plead in the provincial courts , thereby unacceptably diluting what had been under Lugard the Resident 's almost unrestricted jurisdiction over them .
under clifford , palmer bided his time , keeping to himself his misgivings about the governor 's achievements in centralization , and exerting himself openly only to oppose clifford 's proposal that lawyers should be allowed to plead in the provincial courts , [as such] unacceptably diluting what had been under lugard the resident 's almost unrestricted jurisdiction over them .

The aims of Indirect Rule , Lugard said , were to develop what was best in native institutions and thereby ‘ to inculcate respect for authority , self-respect , and fair treatment of the lower classes , the weak and the ignorant ’ .
the aims of indirect rule , lugard said , were to develop what was best in native institutions and [as such] ‘ to inculcate respect for authority , self-respect , and fair treatment of the lower classes , the weak and the ignorant ’ .

Thus the evangelical cult of conduct , with its emphasis on the sober virtues , was transformed in the public schools into the much more flamboyant cult of ‘ manliness ’ ( note the gerontocratic associations of the word ) , a notion very little different , in its emphasis on courage and strength , from ancient aristocratic ideals of honour , which were thereby incidentally preserved .
thus the evangelical cult of conduct , with its emphasis on the sober virtues , was transformed in the public schools into the much more flamboyant cult of ‘ manliness ’ ( note the gerontocratic associations of the word ) , a notion very little different , in its emphasis on courage and strength , from ancient aristocratic ideals of honour , which were [as such] incidentally preserved .

In Northern Nigeria , he succeeded in detaching the judicial system and the technical departments from the grip of the administrative service , whose claims to omnipotence and omnicompetence were thereby permanently reduced from the heights to which they had risen a decade before .
in northern nigeria , he succeeded in detaching the judicial system and the technical departments from the grip of the administrative service , whose claims to omnipotence and omnicompetence were [as such] permanently reduced from the heights to which they had risen a decade before .

When Burma declined to become a member in 1948 — a decision which came as a most unpleasant surprise — comfort was taken in the thought that the voluntary nature of the Commonwealth was thereby confirmed .
when burma declined to become a member in 1948 — a decision which came as a most unpleasant surprise — comfort was taken in the thought that the voluntary nature of the commonwealth was [as such] confirmed .

This seems very improbable , though it would have been consistent with his character to reject an organized challenge to the social order but to appreciate and even think of emulating and thereby vanquishing a personal one .
this seems very improbable , though it would have been consistent with his character to reject an organized challenge to the social order but to appreciate and even think of emulating and [as such] vanquishing a personal one .

He seemed unaware that he was thereby announcing the demise of his own service , and indeed for at least some years entertained the illusion that he was not .
he seemed unaware that he was [as such] announcing the demise of his own service , and indeed for at least some years entertained the illusion that he was not .

But now , rather like recording afresh over the existing programme on an audio or visual cassette , Sylvia had superimposed a successful situation and had thereby made a significant change in the data recognized by her subconscious .
but now , rather like recording afresh over the existing programme on an audio or visual cassette , sylvia had superimposed a successful situation and had [as such] made a significant change in the data recognized by her subconscious .

This often means using it ‘ reverse flow ’ — that is with water pumped down the uplift and up through the gravel , thereby keeping the gravel cleaner and less clogged than ‘ standard flow ’ systems where detritus is sucked into the gravel .
this often means using it ‘ reverse flow ’ — that is with water pumped down the uplift and up through the gravel , [as such] keeping the gravel cleaner and less clogged than ‘ standard flow ’ systems where detritus is sucked into the gravel .

They do this by removing carbon dioxide from the calcium bicarbonates , thereby removing the pH resisting buffers and forming very alkaline lime water .
they do this by removing carbon dioxide from the calcium bicarbonates , [as such] removing the ph resisting buffers and forming very alkaline lime water .

The memory also skips every sixth field that is stored , thereby converting a 60Hz sequence into a 50Hz sequence .
the memory also skips every sixth field that is stored , [as such] converting a 60hz sequence into a 50hz sequence .

As we 've said before , one of the basic ingredients of jazz improvisation is the manipulation of tension and release , thereby adding interest to a melodic line .
as we 've said before , one of the basic ingredients of jazz improvisation is the manipulation of tension and release , [as such] adding interest to a melodic line .

They would , at the same time , thereby have removed any suspicion that they had perhaps underhandedly supported the South African Rugby Board , one of their founder members , in ways contrary to the demands of a vociferous international opposition and an unrecognised ( in international rugby circles ) South African Rugby Union .
they would , at the same time , [as such] have removed any suspicion that they had perhaps underhandedly supported the south african rugby board , one of their founder members , in ways contrary to the demands of a vociferous international opposition and an unrecognised ( in international rugby circles ) south african rugby union .

Needless to stress the point , it is a resource eagerly used to punish and deter actual and potential resisters and thereby help protect the established social order ( see Chapter 6 ) .
needless to stress the point , it is a resource eagerly used to punish and deter actual and potential resisters and [as such] help protect the established social order ( see chapter 6 ) .

render invisible the vast amount of avoidable harm , injury , and deprivation imposed on the ordinary population by the state , transnational and other corporations , and thereby remove the effects of these ‘ crimes ’ from the causal nexus for explaining ‘ conventional crimes ’ committed by ordinary people . The conditions of life for the powerless created by the powerful are simply ignored by those who explain crime as a manifestation of individual pathology or local neighbourhood friendship and cultural patterns — yet in many respects the unrecognized victimization of the powerless by the powerful constitutes a part of those conditions under which the powerless choose to commit crimes ;
render invisible the vast amount of avoidable harm , injury , and deprivation imposed on the ordinary population by the state , transnational and other corporations , and [as such] remove the effects of these ‘ crimes ’ from the causal nexus for explaining ‘ conventional crimes ’ committed by ordinary people . the conditions of life for the powerless created by the powerful are simply ignored by those who explain crime as a manifestation of individual pathology or local neighbourhood friendship and cultural patterns — yet in many respects the unrecognized victimization of the powerless by the powerful constitutes a part of those conditions under which the powerless choose to commit crimes ;

Thus by referring to such values as ‘ our country 's values ’ , business men appeal to a higher loyalty than obedience to the law and thereby free themselves from its moral constraint .
thus by referring to such values as ‘ our country 's values ’ , business men appeal to a higher loyalty than obedience to the law and [as such] free themselves from its moral constraint .

For example , Snider examined the enforcement of the Canadian Combine Investigation Act , 1889 , which makes it ‘ illegal to conspire or arrange with another person to limit unduly the facilities to manufacture any article , or to prevent or lessen unduly competition in the manufacture or production of any article and to thereby increase the price ’ ( 1978 : 147 ) .
for example , snider examined the enforcement of the canadian combine investigation act , 1889 , which makes it ‘ illegal to conspire or arrange with another person to limit unduly the facilities to manufacture any article , or to prevent or lessen unduly competition in the manufacture or production of any article and to [as such] increase the price ’ ( 1978 : 147 ) .

An arithmetical calculation is performed on a particular item ( in this case a word ) , thereby computing a function ( known as the hashing function ) which gives the location of the item ( and any associated data ) in a table — the hash table .
an arithmetical calculation is performed on a particular item ( in this case a word ) , [as such] computing a function ( known as the hashing function ) which gives the location of the item ( and any associated data ) in a table — the hash table .

The Minister of Fun was likened to an ostrich which buried its head in the sand ‘ thereby exposing its thinking parts . ’
the minister of fun was likened to an ostrich which buried its head in the sand ‘ [as such] exposing its thinking parts . ’

‘ They want to bring down the Chancellor and thereby to undermine the Prime Minister himself , ’ he said .
‘ they want to bring down the chancellor and [as such] to undermine the prime minister himself , ’ he said .

As Laurence Martin has said : ‘ It is impossible to refute entirely the criticism that the various strategies of limitation may appear to make the world safe for nuclear warfare and thereby hasten its onset ’ ; but he concluded : ‘ The proper question may therefore be not , should we contemplate limited nuclear war , but , should we consider the ways of limiting the nuclear war which is henceforth always a possibility ’ ( Howard , 1979 , pp .
as laurence martin has said : ‘ it is impossible to refute entirely the criticism that the various strategies of limitation may appear to make the world safe for nuclear warfare and [as such] hasten its onset ’ ; but he concluded : ‘ the proper question may therefore be not , should we contemplate limited nuclear war , but , should we consider the ways of limiting the nuclear war which is henceforth always a possibility ’ ( howard , 1979 , pp .

Moreover , the reaction of the authorities to these initiatives has in turn itself violated constitutional principles , 4 thereby engendering further disillusionment and protest .
moreover , the reaction of the authorities to these initiatives has in turn itself violated constitutional principles , 4 [as such] engendering further disillusionment and protest .

This has even displaced the market mechanism as an allocator of resources in certain areas , thereby politicising spheres of activity formerly left to the market to perform .
this has even displaced the market mechanism as an allocator of resources in certain areas , [as such] politicising spheres of activity formerly left to the market to perform .

Litigation may also have a valuable contribution to make in activating and mobilising a constituency of common interests , thereby helping to establish and strengthen a collective political identity on the part of otherwise somewhat amorphous interests groups such as environmentalists , or peace campaigners , among whom there may be less cohesion and common identity than is the case with other campaigning groups .
litigation may also have a valuable contribution to make in activating and mobilising a constituency of common interests , [as such] helping to establish and strengthen a collective political identity on the part of otherwise somewhat amorphous interests groups such as environmentalists , or peace campaigners , among whom there may be less cohesion and common identity than is the case with other campaigning groups .

This permitted parallel parking on one side of the road , in addition to the pre-existing right-angle parking on the other , thereby raising parking provision by 50 per cent ( Figure 6.49 ) .
this permitted parallel parking on one side of the road , in addition to the pre-existing right-angle parking on the other , [as such] raising parking provision by 50 per cent ( figure 6.49 ) .

Much of the problem can be overcome by designing networks that meet people 's walking needs , thereby encouraging a level of activity that ‘ deters antisocial behaviour and offers the reassurance of help at hand if hassled ’ .
much of the problem can be overcome by designing networks that meet people 's walking needs , [as such] encouraging a level of activity that ‘ deters antisocial behaviour and offers the reassurance of help at hand if hassled ’ .

Advance comprises five distinct components and a firm has the option either to mix and match certain elements or to use it as a complete package , thereby effectively outsourcing all of its software functions .
advance comprises five distinct components and a firm has the option either to mix and match certain elements or to use it as a complete package , [as such] effectively outsourcing all of its software functions .

Governments were supported by economic theorists in applying the prescriptions of short-term equilibrium analysis — and thereby supposedly maintaining at or near the full employment of resources — as the means for achieving long-term growth .
governments were supported by economic theorists in applying the prescriptions of short-term equilibrium analysis — and [as such] supposedly maintaining at or near the full employment of resources — as the means for achieving long-term growth .

The reason for the puzzling way in which the structure had deformed and broken up was thereby revealed and , since the static tests had shown that the structure was not fail-safe , the separation of the stabiliser in flight was satisfactorily explained .
the reason for the puzzling way in which the structure had deformed and broken up was [as such] revealed and , since the static tests had shown that the structure was not fail-safe , the separation of the stabiliser in flight was satisfactorily explained .

In France they have devised a logical system whereby senior officials of the Bureau d'Enquête d'Accident are formally recognised by the magistrate as officials of his court , thereby relieving the magistrate himself of much responsibility relating to highly technical matters of which he has little comprehension while at the same time enabling the professional investigators immediate access to the wreckage of the aircraft and its records , etc .
in france they have devised a logical system whereby senior officials of the bureau d'enquête d'accident are formally recognised by the magistrate as officials of his court , [as such] relieving the magistrate himself of much responsibility relating to highly technical matters of which he has little comprehension while at the same time enabling the professional investigators immediate access to the wreckage of the aircraft and its records , etc .

Scientists are now finding that the ozone layer is disappearing over Northern Europe and the Arctic , thereby weakening our protection against solar ultra-violet radiation and raising the danger of skin cancer .
scientists are now finding that the ozone layer is disappearing over northern europe and the arctic , [as such] weakening our protection against solar ultra-violet radiation and raising the danger of skin cancer .

Upon completion of the hot whisky order the women planned to ask for fifteen pints thereby coercing a reluctant publican to serve women pints .
upon completion of the hot whisky order the women planned to ask for fifteen pints [as such] coercing a reluctant publican to serve women pints .

These facts escaped the attention of our radical sisters and thereby so did we .
these facts escaped the attention of our radical sisters and [as such] so did we .

The circulation of money is thereby improved , creating more economic activity and more jobs — and all this without printing money which would lead to inflation .
the circulation of money is [as such] improved , creating more economic activity and more jobs — and all this without printing money which would lead to inflation .

Goods may also be acquired for the benefit of the elite sections of society by barter with neighbouring districts ; such goods could then be channelled through the hierarchy thereby reinforcing the position of the elite .
goods may also be acquired for the benefit of the elite sections of society by barter with neighbouring districts ; such goods could then be channelled through the hierarchy [as such] reinforcing the position of the elite .

The greatest scope for study exists with cremation pottery for , being decorated , it presents a greater number of variables for study , thereby reducing the number of possible interpretations of the patterns produced by analysis .
the greatest scope for study exists with cremation pottery for , being decorated , it presents a greater number of variables for study , [as such] reducing the number of possible interpretations of the patterns produced by analysis .

The absence of exact replication with most brooch types strongly suggests that each , or each pair or trio , was manufactured as required , thereby introducing a high degree of innovation .
the absence of exact replication with most brooch types strongly suggests that each , or each pair or trio , was manufactured as required , [as such] introducing a high degree of innovation .

And perhaps Labour 's greatest ever mistake was to saddle it with the label ‘ poll tax ’ , thereby fixing in the public mind the link between voting and taxation .
and perhaps labour 's greatest ever mistake was to saddle it with the label ‘ poll tax ’ , [as such] fixing in the public mind the link between voting and taxation .

Those who spend pleasant , well-compensated days say with emphasis that they have been ‘ hard at work ’ , thereby suppressing the notion that they are a favoured class .
those who spend pleasant , well-compensated days say with emphasis that they have been ‘ hard at work ’ , [as such] suppressing the notion that they are a favoured class .

We do not reveal it thereby .
we do not reveal it [as such] .

Limited by what , in a recession , it could realistically claim to be spending , and obliged to exaggerate its fiscal rectitude to appear electable in the City , Labour had either to trim its sails to an economic situation it assured us was dire — thereby undermining the main reason why people supported them — or hold to its promises , confirming the impression that , once the party was in power , taxation and spending would soar .
limited by what , in a recession , it could realistically claim to be spending , and obliged to exaggerate its fiscal rectitude to appear electable in the city , labour had either to trim its sails to an economic situation it assured us was dire — [as such] undermining the main reason why people supported them — or hold to its promises , confirming the impression that , once the party was in power , taxation and spending would soar .

It is when we use our uniqueness to feel ‘ better than ’ that we separate ourselves from others and thereby create misery and suffering .
it is when we use our uniqueness to feel ‘ better than ’ that we separate ourselves from others and [as such] create misery and suffering .

An interesting adaption of our 10 day holiday to Alsopahok in Hungary occurs when we make an overnight stay in the Vienna Woods area , thereby giving you plenty of time for sightseeing in Vienna itself .
an interesting adaption of our 10 day holiday to alsopahok in hungary occurs when we make an overnight stay in the vienna woods area , [as such] giving you plenty of time for sightseeing in vienna itself .

But in February last year , Dr Helen Zeitlin , a consultant haematologist at Redditch , was sacked when she drew attention to a report on nursing shortage and the acute distress caused thereby .
but in february last year , dr helen zeitlin , a consultant haematologist at redditch , was sacked when she drew attention to a report on nursing shortage and the acute distress caused [as such] .

He had beaten the communists in the race to appropriate the resistance and thereby ensure a legitimate power base .
he had beaten the communists in the race to appropriate the resistance and [as such] ensure a legitimate power base .

The way was thereby opened for English merchants to establish themselves in the island , and William Bolton came to Madeira as an agent for Robert Heysham of London , who had a brother in Barbados to whom Bolton shipped a large quantity of wine .
the way was [as such] opened for english merchants to establish themselves in the island , and william bolton came to madeira as an agent for robert heysham of london , who had a brother in barbados to whom bolton shipped a large quantity of wine .

This bridge , recently rebuilt and enlarged , was built in 1849 , thereby opening up the Estrada Monumental ( then just called the New Road ) past Reid 's Hotel and out to the west , through the present tourist zone .
this bridge , recently rebuilt and enlarged , was built in 1849 , [as such] opening up the estrada monumental ( then just called the new road ) past reid 's hotel and out to the west , through the present tourist zone .

The fleeing horses in front certainly had no plans , and the riders behind were thereby constrained .
the fleeing horses in front certainly had no plans , and the riders behind were [as such] constrained .

This Part of this Act shall have effect with a view to securing the observance of proper hours … of work by persons engaged in the carriage of passengers or goods by road and thereby protecting the public against the risks which arise in cases where the drivers of motor vehicles are suffering from fatigue .
this part of this act shall have effect with a view to securing the observance of proper hours … of work by persons engaged in the carriage of passengers or goods by road and [as such] protecting the public against the risks which arise in cases where the drivers of motor vehicles are suffering from fatigue .

The exercises in the next few pages will help you to develop a more positive attitude towards yourself and your abilities , and thereby help you to achieve what you want .
the exercises in the next few pages will help you to develop a more positive attitude towards yourself and your abilities , and [as such] help you to achieve what you want .

The funeral was now becoming a public display of private wealth — a statement of status — rather than a dignified journey to the grave , and there were any number of tradesmen in the private sector eager to cater for the demand and , thereby , to profit from it .
the funeral was now becoming a public display of private wealth — a statement of status — rather than a dignified journey to the grave , and there were any number of tradesmen in the private sector eager to cater for the demand and , [as such] , to profit from it .

Both Courtauld 's and Messrs Jay 's of Regent Street could rest assured , for not one undertaker concerned himself with buying-in to the mourning warehouses , thereby turning the tables on the mercers and upholders .
both courtauld 's and messrs jay 's of regent street could rest assured , for not one undertaker concerned himself with buying-in to the mourning warehouses , [as such] turning the tables on the mercers and upholders .

Linen , when new , had a certain quantity of starch applied , thereby making it slightly stiff whilst remaining pliable ; wrapped in such material a body would be given a neat , crisp appearance and presentable for viewing , the shroud being drawn away from the features for this purpose .
linen , when new , had a certain quantity of starch applied , [as such] making it slightly stiff whilst remaining pliable ; wrapped in such material a body would be given a neat , crisp appearance and presentable for viewing , the shroud being drawn away from the features for this purpose .

It is made of ½-inch oak , unlined and with simple iron ring handles , those at the angle of the shoulders being sufficiently high up to fit over a pierced hasp protruding from the lid through which a padlock might be fitted , thereby rendering the contents safe from body-snatchers .
it is made of ½-inch oak , unlined and with simple iron ring handles , those at the angle of the shoulders being sufficiently high up to fit over a pierced hasp protruding from the lid through which a padlock might be fitted , [as such] rendering the contents safe from body-snatchers .

Although chance dictates that the evidence relates to two major centres , the situation thereby depicted does not necessarily misrepresent the economy as a whole , inasmuch as clothing was the only really large-scale manufacture , ranking high even in towns like Leicester and Northampton which had leather wares for their principal products .
although chance dictates that the evidence relates to two major centres , the situation [as such] depicted does not necessarily misrepresent the economy as a whole , inasmuch as clothing was the only really large-scale manufacture , ranking high even in towns like leicester and northampton which had leather wares for their principal products .

Not only had most manorial demesnes been let to farm well before the beginning of the Tudor epoch , small freeholds and customary tenements were also regularly managed in the same fashion — indeed , they must frequently have been treated as investments . The copyholder , often equated with the poor peasant farmer , might well have been every bit as much a rentier as the lord of the manor , especially if a gentleman or wealthy townsman , earning thereby the disapprobation of Robert Crowley :
not only had most manorial demesnes been let to farm well before the beginning of the tudor epoch , small freeholds and customary tenements were also regularly managed in the same fashion — indeed , they must frequently have been treated as investments . the copyholder , often equated with the poor peasant farmer , might well have been every bit as much a rentier as the lord of the manor , especially if a gentleman or wealthy townsman , earning [as such] the disapprobation of robert crowley :

On the circumference of that circle are new origins for new circles that accelerate the degeneration by annulling the compensatory effects of the preceding circle , and thereby also making its truth and beneficence appear .
on the circumference of that circle are new origins for new circles that accelerate the degeneration by annulling the compensatory effects of the preceding circle , and [as such] also making its truth and beneficence appear .

How often are they raised by adding on a small , discrete area to existing topics ( for example , ‘ Women in … ’ ) — thereby leaving the rest untouched — rather than acknowledging that feminism has generated a challenge to the whole field ?
how often are they raised by adding on a small , discrete area to existing topics ( for example , ‘ women in … ’ ) — [as such] leaving the rest untouched — rather than acknowledging that feminism has generated a challenge to the whole field ?

‘ The Master took them quietly from his person and told him such things were not allowed to be introduced into the workhouse , he then placed himself in a fighting attitude and threatened to knock the Master 's teeth down his throat , thereby setting bad examples to others ’
‘ the master took them quietly from his person and told him such things were not allowed to be introduced into the workhouse , he then placed himself in a fighting attitude and threatened to knock the master 's teeth down his throat , [as such] setting bad examples to others ’

An annual subscription of £21 to the funds of Bedford County Hospital was sanctioned , thereby bringing to an end the disagreement which had begun 10 years earlier .
an annual subscription of £21 to the funds of bedford county hospital was sanctioned , [as such] bringing to an end the disagreement which had begun 10 years earlier .

The county was divided into four areas in each of which , with commendable foresight , a Guardians ' Committee was brought in , thereby retaining the important element of voluntary service by local residents .
the county was divided into four areas in each of which , with commendable foresight , a guardians ' committee was brought in , [as such] retaining the important element of voluntary service by local residents .

relying on support staff as sole experts , bearers of remedies and answers ( thereby implying that these are beyond classroom teachers ' competence , ‘ deskilling ’ them by encouraging abdication of responsibility )
relying on support staff as sole experts , bearers of remedies and answers ( [as such] implying that these are beyond classroom teachers ' competence , ‘ deskilling ’ them by encouraging abdication of responsibility )

One of these effects can be what Britton ( 1981 ) refers to as the phenomenon of re-enactment as an unwitting professional response to the dynamics of a child 's situation , the difficulty that exists for professionals not to re-enact — and thereby aggravate — what the child already experiences , and the ease with which they may collude with his sense of hopelessness and negative feelings .
one of these effects can be what britton ( 1981 ) refers to as the phenomenon of re-enactment as an unwitting professional response to the dynamics of a child 's situation , the difficulty that exists for professionals not to re-enact — and [as such] aggravate — what the child already experiences , and the ease with which they may collude with his sense of hopelessness and negative feelings .

it appeared to me little short of a miracle that a hard , matter-of-fact scientist should have been able to establish a real friendship with wild , freeliving animals , and the realisation of this fact made me feel … as though man 's expulsion from the Garden of Eden had thereby lost some of its bitterness .
it appeared to me little short of a miracle that a hard , matter-of-fact scientist should have been able to establish a real friendship with wild , freeliving animals , and the realisation of this fact made me feel … as though man 's expulsion from the garden of eden had [as such] lost some of its bitterness .

But although humanist theory takes as its object all the elements of subjectivity which empirical psychology 's concept of the subject excludes , it does not thereby challenge the structure of this concept .
but although humanist theory takes as its object all the elements of subjectivity which empirical psychology 's concept of the subject excludes , it does not [as such] challenge the structure of this concept .

Now that the old man knew of his weakness , Vashinov did not want the project to fail and thereby have the finger of incompetence pointed at him .
now that the old man knew of his weakness , vashinov did not want the project to fail and [as such] have the finger of incompetence pointed at him .

The first component , the basic rock particle , can be large like sand and grit or microscopically small like the individual grains of clay , thereby imparting respectively much of the basic behavioural characteristics of different soil types : light and quickly draining , heavy , sticky and liable to waterlogging , or a happy medium in between .
the first component , the basic rock particle , can be large like sand and grit or microscopically small like the individual grains of clay , [as such] imparting respectively much of the basic behavioural characteristics of different soil types : light and quickly draining , heavy , sticky and liable to waterlogging , or a happy medium in between .

Do n't leave them until they are so developed and tough that they will not easily pull away and have to be cut ; this is merely pruning and you will thereby ensure that several adventitious shoots will grow to replace the one being removed .
do n't leave them until they are so developed and tough that they will not easily pull away and have to be cut ; this is merely pruning and you will [as such] ensure that several adventitious shoots will grow to replace the one being removed .

The combined effect of these ‘ taxes ’ was to make the stamped press an expensive commodity , thereby restricting its circulation , and to make the ‘ unstamped ’ press , i.e .
the combined effect of these ‘ taxes ’ was to make the stamped press an expensive commodity , [as such] restricting its circulation , and to make the ‘ unstamped ’ press , i.e .

In specific terms , we can take this to mean : that war remains a political act ; that war must also be understood to be a revolutionising act ; and , finally , that it thereby acquires the potential to become ‘ absolute war ’ — whose corollary is total victory and absolute peace .
in specific terms , we can take this to mean : that war remains a political act ; that war must also be understood to be a revolutionising act ; and , finally , that it [as such] acquires the potential to become ‘ absolute war ’ — whose corollary is total victory and absolute peace .

The child in due course in new contexts uses the modifier with substantives , thereby expressing his desires more clearly .
the child in due course in new contexts uses the modifier with substantives , [as such] expressing his desires more clearly .

Evolution proceeds by the accidental combination of already existing stable sub-assemblies , thereby producing new stable assemblies of higher complexity .
evolution proceeds by the accidental combination of already existing stable sub-assemblies , [as such] producing new stable assemblies of higher complexity .

Thus we want to see the representational role of the newly juxtaposed elements as recognisably preserved within , and thereby helping to determine the new representational role of , the new signal in which they occur .
thus we want to see the representational role of the newly juxtaposed elements as recognisably preserved within , and [as such] helping to determine the new representational role of , the new signal in which they occur .

According to him , language could only evolve once the auditory and visual association areas , that in monkeys as well as man convey impulses from the auditory and visual areas to the limbic system , themselves acquired suitable connections via yet another association area , thereby making possible so-called non-limbic , cross-modal associations .
according to him , language could only evolve once the auditory and visual association areas , that in monkeys as well as man convey impulses from the auditory and visual areas to the limbic system , themselves acquired suitable connections via yet another association area , [as such] making possible so-called non-limbic , cross-modal associations .

Analogously , if one had produced a computational model whose performance mapped onto the kingfisher 's behaviour one could not thereby be certain of having captured the bird 's psychology .
analogously , if one had produced a computational model whose performance mapped onto the kingfisher 's behaviour one could not [as such] be certain of having captured the bird 's psychology .

Holists , by contrast , wish to explain individual intentions and desires as the outcome of these wholes , thereby awarding explanatory priority to a range of social factors the identity of which varies from theory to theory .
holists , by contrast , wish to explain individual intentions and desires as the outcome of these wholes , [as such] awarding explanatory priority to a range of social factors the identity of which varies from theory to theory .

Its domination resides in the fact that it keeps the economy going , without which the whole society would collapse , and in the fact that it thereby imposes certain restrictions on other practices .
its domination resides in the fact that it keeps the economy going , without which the whole society would collapse , and in the fact that it [as such] imposes certain restrictions on other practices .

This is not to deny , of course , that individuals are causal subjects ; they fill various social roles , engage in the work of production , and thereby bring about changes in the social world .
this is not to deny , of course , that individuals are causal subjects ; they fill various social roles , engage in the work of production , and [as such] bring about changes in the social world .

But Poulantzas argues that the attribution of the power to manipulate to the ruling class elevates it to the status of a subject — an agent who does things — and thereby reintroduces the idea of collective intensions which cry out for individualist explanation .
but poulantzas argues that the attribution of the power to manipulate to the ruling class elevates it to the status of a subject — an agent who does things — and [as such] reintroduces the idea of collective intensions which cry out for individualist explanation .

In simple cases , the consequences in certain conditions of Newtonian gravitational attraction could be deduced and the adequacy of this cause for certain phenomena , most notably elliptical planetary orbits , thereby established .
in simple cases , the consequences in certain conditions of newtonian gravitational attraction could be deduced and the adequacy of this cause for certain phenomena , most notably elliptical planetary orbits , [as such] established .

We thereby maximise our chance of demonstrating what we are looking for .
we [as such] maximise our chance of demonstrating what we are looking for .

It is quite likely that the early mammals were nocturnal in habit and thereby avoided direct competition with the smaller dinosaurs .
it is quite likely that the early mammals were nocturnal in habit and [as such] avoided direct competition with the smaller dinosaurs .

The most obvious effect of plate tectonics is that continents can be split and their components driven apart if a divergent plate margin becomes established beneath them , and can be caused to collide with each other along the lines of subduction zones , where mountain belts such as the Himalayas may thereby be generated .
the most obvious effect of plate tectonics is that continents can be split and their components driven apart if a divergent plate margin becomes established beneath them , and can be caused to collide with each other along the lines of subduction zones , where mountain belts such as the himalayas may [as such] be generated .

Furthermore , extensive spreads of such seas can as effectively isolate pieces of emergent continent as spreading ocean floor , thereby creating barriers to migration of terrestrial organisms , and should also promote equability of the continental climate .
furthermore , extensive spreads of such seas can as effectively isolate pieces of emergent continent as spreading ocean floor , [as such] creating barriers to migration of terrestrial organisms , and should also promote equability of the continental climate .

Obviously , significant radiations will appear as marked increases , and extinctions as decreases of diversity , while the degree to which free migration is inhibited by geographic barriers , thereby promoting genetic isolation according to the classic model ( Mayr , 1963 ) , should be expressed by the ratio of endemic to pandemic organisms .
obviously , significant radiations will appear as marked increases , and extinctions as decreases of diversity , while the degree to which free migration is inhibited by geographic barriers , [as such] promoting genetic isolation according to the classic model ( mayr , 1963 ) , should be expressed by the ratio of endemic to pandemic organisms .

Thereby did the diabolical Powers seek to mutate the substance of the universe and to destroy Man 's far-flung yet ultimately frail empire of sanity — a sanity that must needs defend itself with unrelenting savagery …
[as such] did the diabolical powers seek to mutate the substance of the universe and to destroy man 's far-flung yet ultimately frail empire of sanity — a sanity that must needs defend itself with unrelenting savagery …

Thus a 10-month-old baby who failed to respond to its name , or to betray signs of recognition towards its mother , twin sister , or even its rattle , might well give therapists cause for concern ; which is not to say that the normal baby , who does succeed in reacting appropriately , is thereby yet self -conscious .
thus a 10-month-old baby who failed to respond to its name , or to betray signs of recognition towards its mother , twin sister , or even its rattle , might well give therapists cause for concern ; which is not to say that the normal baby , who does succeed in reacting appropriately , is [as such] yet self -conscious .

Perception , therefore , at least in the human domain , seems to involve being able to talk about what we see , hear , or smell , and thereby to entertain beliefs about its objects .
perception , therefore , at least in the human domain , seems to involve being able to talk about what we see , hear , or smell , and [as such] to entertain beliefs about its objects .

It builds on the argument in the preceding section where it was argued that because the cat sees and tries to extricate the ball stuck in the tree , it thereby manifests only those minimal beliefs that we would attribute directly to a human being in similar circumstances .
it builds on the argument in the preceding section where it was argued that because the cat sees and tries to extricate the ball stuck in the tree , it [as such] manifests only those minimal beliefs that we would attribute directly to a human being in similar circumstances .

Animals may be primitive beings but they are not thereby defective ones .
animals may be primitive beings but they are not [as such] defective ones .

Many students felt Deng was on their side , for they were not politically sophisticated enough to realise that he was using their movement to attack his opponents and thereby strengthen his own position .
many students felt deng was on their side , for they were not politically sophisticated enough to realise that he was using their movement to attack his opponents and [as such] strengthen his own position .

The second part considers how interactions between the child and her linguistically more competent caretakers may create privileged opportunities for language learning , and thereby constitute a form of environmental support for the child 's mastery of language .
the second part considers how interactions between the child and her linguistically more competent caretakers may create privileged opportunities for language learning , and [as such] constitute a form of environmental support for the child 's mastery of language .

At the same time scientific method could protect the individual from the effects of social norms , thereby providing a context where they did not determine the content of thought .
at the same time scientific method could protect the individual from the effects of social norms , [as such] providing a context where they did not determine the content of thought .

In contrast , idealist thought supposes a converse determination and disregards the importance of reference to practical activity for the generation of abstractions , thereby remaining ideological .
in contrast , idealist thought supposes a converse determination and disregards the importance of reference to practical activity for the generation of abstractions , [as such] remaining ideological .

Bourgeois thought indulges in an abstraction of the process of thinking from the total process of being , thereby reifying thought and setting it above being .
bourgeois thought indulges in an abstraction of the process of thinking from the total process of being , [as such] reifying thought and setting it above being .

Bourgeois ideology takes over the legitimizing functions of traditional society and thereby keeps power relations inaccessible to analysis and public consciousness .
bourgeois ideology takes over the legitimizing functions of traditional society and [as such] keeps power relations inaccessible to analysis and public consciousness .

Money , paid allegedly for takeover fees and consultancy advice , was channelled to various associates of Guinness for the purpose of buying Guinness shares , thereby increasing the share price — this is known as a share-support operation .
money , paid allegedly for takeover fees and consultancy advice , was channelled to various associates of guinness for the purpose of buying guinness shares , [as such] increasing the share price — this is known as a share-support operation .

Whether or not these criticisms of inefficiency are valid is extremely difficult to assess , and the situation is complicated by repeated political interference by governments of both parties in the pricing , investment and employment decisions of nationalised industries , thereby concealing their real performance .
whether or not these criticisms of inefficiency are valid is extremely difficult to assess , and the situation is complicated by repeated political interference by governments of both parties in the pricing , investment and employment decisions of nationalised industries , [as such] concealing their real performance .

However , although the sale of a nationalised industry will provide a once-off boost for government finance , it should not be forgotten that the profits of the company , once privatised , will thereafter accrue to the private shareholders and not to the government , thereby reducing government revenues in the future .
however , although the sale of a nationalised industry will provide a once-off boost for government finance , it should not be forgotten that the profits of the company , once privatised , will thereafter accrue to the private shareholders and not to the government , [as such] reducing government revenues in the future .

He often went over the head of union officials , appealing directly to the workforce , and , to a great extent , the workforce accepted his proposals , thereby improving productivity and dramatically reducing the days lost through industrial disputes .
he often went over the head of union officials , appealing directly to the workforce , and , to a great extent , the workforce accepted his proposals , [as such] improving productivity and dramatically reducing the days lost through industrial disputes .

They argue that the tax burden required to finance the Welfare State has reduced incentives and thereby curbed initiative and enterprise , leading to an adverse effect on economic growth .
they argue that the tax burden required to finance the welfare state has reduced incentives and [as such] curbed initiative and enterprise , leading to an adverse effect on economic growth .

In both instances a worker , acting in his own self-interest , may choose to retain his benefits ( by refusing extra pay or a job ) , thereby perpetuating his dependency on the Welfare State .
in both instances a worker , acting in his own self-interest , may choose to retain his benefits ( by refusing extra pay or a job ) , [as such] perpetuating his dependency on the welfare state .

Conservatives believe that tax cuts will lead to greater incentives and initiative , thereby creating an enterprise culture in which the benefits of growth will ultimately spread to everyone .
conservatives believe that tax cuts will lead to greater incentives and initiative , [as such] creating an enterprise culture in which the benefits of growth will ultimately spread to everyone .

Firstly , the rules which sharply reduced those eligible for housing benefit , thereby removing benefits from pensioners with limited savings , were opposed by many Conservative MPs .
firstly , the rules which sharply reduced those eligible for housing benefit , [as such] removing benefits from pensioners with limited savings , were opposed by many conservative mps .

New technology has allowed doctors to perform previously unheard of operations such as hip replacements and open-heart surgery , thereby creating a demand which had not appeared before .
new technology has allowed doctors to perform previously unheard of operations such as hip replacements and open-heart surgery , [as such] creating a demand which had not appeared before .

‘ Rents should be related to the capital value of the property , thereby reflecting its popularity in market terms ’ .
‘ rents should be related to the capital value of the property , [as such] reflecting its popularity in market terms ’ .

In order to increase the supply of land , and thereby moderate further upward moves in house prices , the government could allow ( controversial ) development in the green belt or could release public sector land not at present being used .
in order to increase the supply of land , and [as such] moderate further upward moves in house prices , the government could allow ( controversial ) development in the green belt or could release public sector land not at present being used .

Realising that his visitor was no ordinary mortal , the watchman did not challenge him but jumping to his feet he kept his eyes fixed firmly on the intruder , hoping thereby to induce him to retire .
realising that his visitor was no ordinary mortal , the watchman did not challenge him but jumping to his feet he kept his eyes fixed firmly on the intruder , hoping [as such] to induce him to retire .

‘ God has not bestowed talent on me for me to dance attendance on a woman , and thereby waste my youth … .
‘ god has not bestowed talent on me for me to dance attendance on a woman , and [as such] waste my youth … .

Paneth and Peters knew about palladium 's ability to absorb lots of hydrogen and they wondered whether packing so much of it in between the palladium atoms might increase the chance of the hydrogen atoms bumping into one another , thereby fusing and producing helium .
paneth and peters knew about palladium 's ability to absorb lots of hydrogen and they wondered whether packing so much of it in between the palladium atoms might increase the chance of the hydrogen atoms bumping into one another , [as such] fusing and producing helium .

And here was the bonus : the positive charge of the proton is so effectively shielded that it will now be able to encroach much closer to the nucleus of a neighbouring atom without being repelled ; the chance of bumping into it and undergoing nuclear fusion , ‘ cold fusion ’ , thereby became a real possibility .
and here was the bonus : the positive charge of the proton is so effectively shielded that it will now be able to encroach much closer to the nucleus of a neighbouring atom without being repelled ; the chance of bumping into it and undergoing nuclear fusion , ‘ cold fusion ’ , [as such] became a real possibility .

The next day they tried again but this time they added ten per cent of heavy water to the liquid , thereby increasing the amount of deuterium — the fusion fuel .
the next day they tried again but this time they added ten per cent of heavy water to the liquid , [as such] increasing the amount of deuterium — the fusion fuel .

He then made several shorter runs , which thereby accumulated fewer neutrons and had correspondingly larger uncertainties .
he then made several shorter runs , which [as such] accumulated fewer neutrons and had correspondingly larger uncertainties .

To dwell upon the problem emotions of others is frowned upon as ‘ morbid curiosity ’ , likely to lead only to highlighting and prolonging them , thereby causing unnecessary pain .
to dwell upon the problem emotions of others is frowned upon as ‘ morbid curiosity ’ , likely to lead only to highlighting and prolonging them , [as such] causing unnecessary pain .

Homeostasis should not necessarily be seen as a fixed state which allows no change , but one which allows change to occur in manageable stages thereby preserving a measure of continuity and security .
homeostasis should not necessarily be seen as a fixed state which allows no change , but one which allows change to occur in manageable stages [as such] preserving a measure of continuity and security .

These problems , and those which surround the major role-reversal , frequently remain unconsidered and undiscussed within families , thereby enabling problems to grow until they reach the stage of ‘ granny bashing ’ or ‘ granny dumping ’ when care is withdrawn , and even family breakdown occurs .
these problems , and those which surround the major role-reversal , frequently remain unconsidered and undiscussed within families , [as such] enabling problems to grow until they reach the stage of ‘ granny bashing ’ or ‘ granny dumping ’ when care is withdrawn , and even family breakdown occurs .

Social groups are thereby disbanded , and they are not necessarily reconstituted in other forms , or replaced by other groups .
social groups are [as such] disbanded , and they are not necessarily reconstituted in other forms , or replaced by other groups .

Personal neglect , perhaps arising from social isolation , loneliness or depression , can lead to elderly people who can not be bothered to prepare good food , relying on quick and easy foods , thereby getting an unbalanced diet .
personal neglect , perhaps arising from social isolation , loneliness or depression , can lead to elderly people who can not be bothered to prepare good food , relying on quick and easy foods , [as such] getting an unbalanced diet .

Darrow and Govan were the first to identify with any certainty which ions were lost in diarrhoea and the quantities involved , thereby enabling them to state accurately the required make-up of an intravenous infusion aimed at replacing lost nutrients .
darrow and govan were the first to identify with any certainty which ions were lost in diarrhoea and the quantities involved , [as such] enabling them to state accurately the required make-up of an intravenous infusion aimed at replacing lost nutrients .

An effort was made to clean up the water supplies , thereby helping to reduce the transmission of water-borne agents of disease : between 1972 and 1990 , almost 1 million handpump tubewells were installed in Bangladesh .
an effort was made to clean up the water supplies , [as such] helping to reduce the transmission of water-borne agents of disease : between 1972 and 1990 , almost 1 million handpump tubewells were installed in bangladesh .

The results of the sodium ion concentration analyses revealed that 90% of mothers were able to prepare a ‘ safe and effective ’ solution , thereby dispelling many fears about the safety of a home-made oral rehydration solution .
the results of the sodium ion concentration analyses revealed that 90% of mothers were able to prepare a ‘ safe and effective ’ solution , [as such] dispelling many fears about the safety of a home-made oral rehydration solution .

This would allow a larger number of glucose units to enter the gut , thereby allowing uptake of sodium ions via the sodium ion/glucose cotransporter at a higher rate , and hence allowing speedier reabsorption of water from the gut lumen .
this would allow a larger number of glucose units to enter the gut , [as such] allowing uptake of sodium ions via the sodium ion/glucose cotransporter at a higher rate , and hence allowing speedier reabsorption of water from the gut lumen .

Secondly , the fact that rice is available in all Bangladeshi households all the year round would solve the problem of non-availability of gur , thereby making the ideal of ‘ appropriate technology ’ a reality .
secondly , the fact that rice is available in all bangladeshi households all the year round would solve the problem of non-availability of gur , [as such] making the ideal of ‘ appropriate technology ’ a reality .

Of course , we could scatter many billions of spores , thereby reducing the odds , but even so the possibility of even one of them encountering a suitable receiving planet anywhere in the Universe is vanishingly small .
of course , we could scatter many billions of spores , [as such] reducing the odds , but even so the possibility of even one of them encountering a suitable receiving planet anywhere in the universe is vanishingly small .

Similarly , it is reasonable to suppose that many of the haves will be among the most ruthless of society , and will pass on their inhumane ethic to their children , thereby perpetuating it : is this really the future we wish for our species ?
similarly , it is reasonable to suppose that many of the haves will be among the most ruthless of society , and will pass on their inhumane ethic to their children , [as such] perpetuating it : is this really the future we wish for our species ?

Remaining disinterested and uninvolved , thereby creating distance .
remaining disinterested and uninvolved , [as such] creating distance .

Even with just a small balcony , a few steps or a tiny patio , your choice of containers is considerably enlarged , thereby increasing the amount of plants you can grow for pressing .
even with just a small balcony , a few steps or a tiny patio , your choice of containers is considerably enlarged , [as such] increasing the amount of plants you can grow for pressing .

Supplies are now available from all over the world , thereby extending their seasons and meaning that many flowers are on sale almost all year round .
supplies are now available from all over the world , [as such] extending their seasons and meaning that many flowers are on sale almost all year round .

Otherwise you may take flowers or foliage out of the press before they are ready , thereby ruining them .
otherwise you may take flowers or foliage out of the press before they are ready , [as such] ruining them .

This is because pressed flowers need to remain under pressure at all times , and if left uncovered for too long , they will begin to curl up , thereby ruining your picture .
this is because pressed flowers need to remain under pressure at all times , and if left uncovered for too long , they will begin to curl up , [as such] ruining your picture .

One of the benefits of decorated photograph frames is that one can always alter the surround at will , thereby changing the colour emphasis of a particular photograph .
one of the benefits of decorated photograph frames is that one can always alter the surround at will , [as such] changing the colour emphasis of a particular photograph .

thereby occasioning him actual bodily harm .
[as such] occasioning him actual bodily harm .

‘ thereby occasioning him actual bodily harm ’ .
‘ [as such] occasioning him actual bodily harm ’ .

‘ thereby occasioning him actual bodily harm ’ .
‘ [as such] occasioning him actual bodily harm ’ .

It may well be that Mark made the events fit a single week because the Church was already celebrating a ‘ Holy Week ’ , thereby giving a structure to the early Christian celebrations .
it may well be that mark made the events fit a single week because the church was already celebrating a ‘ holy week ’ , [as such] giving a structure to the early christian celebrations .

If they said John was a prophet and thereby received his authority from God , they would be criticised for not listening to him .
if they said john was a prophet and [as such] received his authority from god , they would be criticised for not listening to him .

But no-one on the left formulated a clear strategy of supporting military preparedness as a way of enabling the labour movement to increase its economic and political muscle — and thereby its ability to influence British foreign policy .
but no-one on the left formulated a clear strategy of supporting military preparedness as a way of enabling the labour movement to increase its economic and political muscle — and [as such] its ability to influence british foreign policy .

The intention was that the mechanical properties would be thereby improved ; they were , but generally only in proportion to the increase in density , at the same time much of the toughness of wood was lost .
the intention was that the mechanical properties would be [as such] improved ; they were , but generally only in proportion to the increase in density , at the same time much of the toughness of wood was lost .

During these pauses he would leer in the hope that his lady friend would fill in the gaps , thereby allowing him to save his energy for later .
during these pauses he would leer in the hope that his lady friend would fill in the gaps , [as such] allowing him to save his energy for later .

Afterwards McEnroe finally agreed to hold a press conference — thereby avoiding a $10,000 fine following his refusal to attend one after the first round .
afterwards mcenroe finally agreed to hold a press conference — [as such] avoiding a $10,000 fine following his refusal to attend one after the first round .

Both these steps will overcome the practitioner 's duty of confidentiality , thereby giving him effective immunity from an action for damages on the part of the client .
both these steps will overcome the practitioner 's duty of confidentiality , [as such] giving him effective immunity from an action for damages on the part of the client .

It has a basic negentropic ( formative and organising ) effect even as heat increases , and therefore is the opposite of entropy which is the disintegration and disorganisation of matter set forth by the Second Law of Thermodynamics , which it thereby violates .
it has a basic negentropic ( formative and organising ) effect even as heat increases , and therefore is the opposite of entropy which is the disintegration and disorganisation of matter set forth by the second law of thermodynamics , which it [as such] violates .

The penal code listed all criminal offences , thereby eliminating the position of Roman-Dutch criminal law as the residuary criminal law of the island .
the penal code listed all criminal offences , [as such] eliminating the position of roman-dutch criminal law as the residuary criminal law of the island .

Wealth is only desirable in so far as it enables them to indulge in litigation , and the height of their ambition is to succeed in a case , especially if thereby their enemy is punished .
wealth is only desirable in so far as it enables them to indulge in litigation , and the height of their ambition is to succeed in a case , especially if [as such] their enemy is punished .

Although the maximum length of imprisonment was thereby reduced from one year to six months , and flogging was no longer a possible part of the punishment , trials took place much sooner , and sometimes at a locality closer to the complainant 's home .
although the maximum length of imprisonment was [as such] reduced from one year to six months , and flogging was no longer a possible part of the punishment , trials took place much sooner , and sometimes at a locality closer to the complainant 's home .

The men who lived at the graphite pits in 1898 — 9 were the same persons who would be likely to get up in the middle of the night to help take stolen cattle five kilometres to the next relay team , thereby earning a little money and easing the tedium of village life .
the men who lived at the graphite pits in 1898 — 9 were the same persons who would be likely to get up in the middle of the night to help take stolen cattle five kilometres to the next relay team , [as such] earning a little money and easing the tedium of village life .

Apparently David Sole uses his free arm to pull his opponent 's legs from under him , thereby causing the scrum to collapse and invariably gaining a penalty .
apparently david sole uses his free arm to pull his opponent 's legs from under him , [as such] causing the scrum to collapse and invariably gaining a penalty .

We are more likely to lose the substantially greater related fee income if we decide not to continue auditing and are thereby forced to pass the affairs of these clients to those firms who wish to be auditors .
we are more likely to lose the substantially greater related fee income if we decide not to continue auditing and are [as such] forced to pass the affairs of these clients to those firms who wish to be auditors .

However , so far the attitude has tended to be sympathetic — it is not , after all , in the creditors ' interests to exclude a member and thereby reduce earning potential .
however , so far the attitude has tended to be sympathetic — it is not , after all , in the creditors ' interests to exclude a member and [as such] reduce earning potential .

There was hardly a battle , though , for when the king 's artillery fired , the Lancastrians fled , apparently throwing aside their coats to aid their retreat , thereby giving the battle its name .
there was hardly a battle , though , for when the king 's artillery fired , the lancastrians fled , apparently throwing aside their coats to aid their retreat , [as such] giving the battle its name .

Unlike the 1991 Rugby World Cup , which took place over a whole month , not to mention the three months build-up , thereby allowing the sponsors to develop their marketing strategy over a long period of time , the World Sevens tournament is a three-day event , with the commercial potential of a ‘ Market blink ’ , as he puts it .
unlike the 1991 rugby world cup , which took place over a whole month , not to mention the three months build-up , [as such] allowing the sponsors to develop their marketing strategy over a long period of time , the world sevens tournament is a three-day event , with the commercial potential of a ‘ market blink ’ , as he puts it .

The restructuring borrower may have to go to the bank for more money to pay out other creditors , but these pay-outs themselves could be preferences , and thereby voidable , so selective payment of creditors can be dangerous .
the restructuring borrower may have to go to the bank for more money to pay out other creditors , but these pay-outs themselves could be preferences , and [as such] voidable , so selective payment of creditors can be dangerous .

Consideration is requested for allowing a capital gains tax loss on a qualifying loan to a trader to be set against income , thereby encouraging investment in new businesses .
consideration is requested for allowing a capital gains tax loss on a qualifying loan to a trader to be set against income , [as such] encouraging investment in new businesses .

Tomkins made an offer of £935m for Ranks Hovis McDougall and Hanson decided not to increase its offer of £790m , thereby withdrawing from the bidding .
tomkins made an offer of £935m for ranks hovis mcdougall and hanson decided not to increase its offer of £790m , [as such] withdrawing from the bidding .

Finally , the £500 judges ' discretionary prize was divided between WaterAid which was commended for a coordinating cover and back-page tear off donation slip and telephone counsellors The Samaritans whose report was praised for spot colouring vital statistics and a single telephone conversation which ran through the right-hand pages of the report , thereby encouraging readers to finish it .
finally , the £500 judges ' discretionary prize was divided between wateraid which was commended for a coordinating cover and back-page tear off donation slip and telephone counsellors the samaritans whose report was praised for spot colouring vital statistics and a single telephone conversation which ran through the right-hand pages of the report , [as such] encouraging readers to finish it .

Cyprus is also traditionally used for holding interests in the Middle East , partly as a security measure , and partly in conjunction with a Dutch holding company , to ensure that dividends from nil tax countries have a small amount of tax levied in Cyprus ( thereby ensuring qualification for exemption from Dutch tax ) .
cyprus is also traditionally used for holding interests in the middle east , partly as a security measure , and partly in conjunction with a dutch holding company , to ensure that dividends from nil tax countries have a small amount of tax levied in cyprus ( [as such] ensuring qualification for exemption from dutch tax ) .

The description of language use is thereby distorted .
the description of language use is [as such] distorted .

The development of language learning is thereby disrupted .
the development of language learning is [as such] disrupted .

They thereby avoid commitment to any current fad that comes up on the whirligig of fashion .
they [as such] avoid commitment to any current fad that comes up on the whirligig of fashion .

The interesting question , in the present context , is how far these can be coordinated with familiar pedagogic techniques , thereby bringing research within the compass of normal teaching ; or , in more general terms , what implications does work on classroom observation have for developments in teacher education ( see Allwright 1988 ) .
the interesting question , in the present context , is how far these can be coordinated with familiar pedagogic techniques , [as such] bringing research within the compass of normal teaching ; or , in more general terms , what implications does work on classroom observation have for developments in teacher education ( see allwright 1988 ) .

Thus , in the case being considered here , syntax compensates for the imprecision of simple word association by setting tense and aspect co-ordinates , assigning subject and object roles , and so on , thereby narrowing down contextual possibilities .
thus , in the case being considered here , syntax compensates for the imprecision of simple word association by setting tense and aspect co-ordinates , assigning subject and object roles , and so on , [as such] narrowing down contextual possibilities .

But the hearer still has to act on this indication and find which particular farmer is thereby being referred to .
but the hearer still has to act on this indication and find which particular farmer is [as such] being referred to .

Interpretation of the passage is thereby facilitated and one can use it selectively to pick up additional information to extend the schema — that the reaction referred to is known as saponification , for example .
interpretation of the passage is [as such] facilitated and one can use it selectively to pick up additional information to extend the schema — that the reaction referred to is known as saponification , for example .

For that investment the member gets a stake in the club and in the freehold , and thereby has a say in how it is run .
for that investment the member gets a stake in the club and in the freehold , and [as such] has a say in how it is run .

According to the consultative paper Manifesto to Members issued in March of this year , ‘ the Institute 's mission is to promote , in the public interest , high standards of objectivity , integrity and technical competence , thereby enhancing the value of the qualification chartered accountant .
according to the consultative paper manifesto to members issued in march of this year , ‘ the institute 's mission is to promote , in the public interest , high standards of objectivity , integrity and technical competence , [as such] enhancing the value of the qualification chartered accountant .

The first is the ‘ integration ’ of the pre- and post-qualification stages ( approved training and approved practical experience ) by extending the new guidelines to cover both stages — thereby doing away with the confusion of having separate guidelines — and by similarly extending the training record system .
the first is the ‘ integration ’ of the pre- and post-qualification stages ( approved training and approved practical experience ) by extending the new guidelines to cover both stages — [as such] doing away with the confusion of having separate guidelines — and by similarly extending the training record system .

Whatever the mechanism , our findings suggest that axonal electrical activity normally stimulates the proliferation of oligodendrocyte precursor cells , thereby increasing the number of oligodendrocytes that develop locally .
whatever the mechanism , our findings suggest that axonal electrical activity normally stimulates the proliferation of oligodendrocyte precursor cells , [as such] increasing the number of oligodendrocytes that develop locally .

thereby find an explosive energy of 105Mton ; a more recent analysis by Ben-Menahem finds 12.5 2.5Mton .
[as such] find an explosive energy of 105mton ; a more recent analysis by ben-menahem finds 12.5 2.5mton .

For example , evidence that preferred traits are costly , that they reveal heritable variation in male quality and that discriminating females thereby produce high viability offspring , would be consistent with ‘ good genes ’ models of sexual selection .
for example , evidence that preferred traits are costly , that they reveal heritable variation in male quality and that discriminating females [as such] produce high viability offspring , would be consistent with ‘ good genes ’ models of sexual selection .

He says he will cut interest rates on short-term investments to below inflation , thereby discouraging speculation .
he says he will cut interest rates on short-term investments to below inflation , [as such] discouraging speculation .

They take advantage of a rising market to sell their output forward , thereby stalling price rallies .
they take advantage of a rising market to sell their output forward , [as such] stalling price rallies .

The highest-average formula widely used in Europe allocates seats , one by one , to whichever party thereby shows the highest votes-per-seat .
the highest-average formula widely used in europe allocates seats , one by one , to whichever party [as such] shows the highest votes-per-seat .

The Socialist government of the 1980s spent too much money and collected too little , thereby going spectacularly into the red .
the socialist government of the 1980s spent too much money and collected too little , [as such] going spectacularly into the red .

In turn , prisoners survived by exploiting and brutalizing their weaker fellows , thereby reinforcing all the anti-social tendencies which had driven them there .
in turn , prisoners survived by exploiting and brutalizing their weaker fellows , [as such] reinforcing all the anti-social tendencies which had driven them there .

Rather than revel in the recovery in house prices , therefore , a bold government would act now to prevent the next house-price boom , and thereby help make the longed-for economic recovery more durable .
rather than revel in the recovery in house prices , therefore , a bold government would act now to prevent the next house-price boom , and [as such] help make the longed-for economic recovery more durable .

Outside critics , of which the most devastating was the Oxford economist Ian Little , had no difficulty in showing that their arguments ‘ fail to wriggle out of the obvious ’ , which was that much of the domestic thermal load was being sold below cost and was thereby winning heating markets which could be more efficiently supplied by alternative fuels at lower overall national cost .
outside critics , of which the most devastating was the oxford economist ian little , had no difficulty in showing that their arguments ‘ fail to wriggle out of the obvious ’ , which was that much of the domestic thermal load was being sold below cost and was [as such] winning heating markets which could be more efficiently supplied by alternative fuels at lower overall national cost .

He remained silent when the government decided to extend the period of contribution required for a full state pension , thereby calling into question the right to retire at 60 , introduced by the Socialists .
he remained silent when the government decided to extend the period of contribution required for a full state pension , [as such] calling into question the right to retire at 60 , introduced by the socialists .

The Vance-Owen peace plan for Bosnia seemed thereby gravely threatened .
the vance-owen peace plan for bosnia seemed [as such] gravely threatened .

In Britain , where the trade-promotion system is not as byzantine as in America , supermarkets sometimes sell top brands below cost as loss leaders , thereby angering manufacturers .
in britain , where the trade-promotion system is not as byzantine as in america , supermarkets sometimes sell top brands below cost as loss leaders , [as such] angering manufacturers .

Equally , in the case of John Main at Inverkeithing , he and his two fellow excisemen were threatened with the board 's displeasure in 1752 , when the collector of Bo'ness accepted , without any enquiry into the facts , an allegation that they had been guilty of excessive drinking and had thereby neglected their duties .
equally , in the case of john main at inverkeithing , he and his two fellow excisemen were threatened with the board 's displeasure in 1752 , when the collector of bo'ness accepted , without any enquiry into the facts , an allegation that they had been guilty of excessive drinking and had [as such] neglected their duties .

Paradoxically , Gill and Jackson 's book appeared at a t–me when there was a great deal of activity in the black community directed towards finding black families for black children , thereby making it progressively unnecessary for transracial placements to continue .
paradoxically , gill and jackson 's book appeared at a t–me when there was a great deal of activity in the black community directed towards finding black families for black children , [as such] making it progressively unnecessary for transracial placements to continue .

The child may rationalise the situation by saying that the family is the only family he or she knows and thereby acquire a psychic balance .
the child may rationalise the situation by saying that the family is the only family he or she knows and [as such] acquire a psychic balance .

Consequently , they may neglect the child 's need to develop a balanced racial identity and thereby a well-integrated personality .
consequently , they may neglect the child 's need to develop a balanced racial identity and [as such] a well-integrated personality .

It is too simplistic to suggest that by offering improved opportunities in a less restrictive setting , individuals with often severe learning difficulties , frequently additional disabilities , and histories of damaging experiences , will thereby have access to improved , more satisfying life-styles .
it is too simplistic to suggest that by offering improved opportunities in a less restrictive setting , individuals with often severe learning difficulties , frequently additional disabilities , and histories of damaging experiences , will [as such] have access to improved , more satisfying life-styles .

Fourth , residential workers should concern themselves with the personal self-worth of young people as future citizens , thereby giving equal value to the encouragement of intellectual , creative and social skills on the one hand , and success in personal and family relationships on the other .
fourth , residential workers should concern themselves with the personal self-worth of young people as future citizens , [as such] giving equal value to the encouragement of intellectual , creative and social skills on the one hand , and success in personal and family relationships on the other .

She could , however , have taken this point one step further , for , given that the central organising theme of the Sexual Offences Act was the re-establishment , albeit in a modified form , of male control over one area of female sexuality and thereby indirectly over female sexuality as a whole , it would seem highly likely that the choice of prostitutes as ‘ folk devils ’ occurred in large part in response to this growing liberation .
she could , however , have taken this point one step further , for , given that the central organising theme of the sexual offences act was the re-establishment , albeit in a modified form , of male control over one area of female sexuality and [as such] indirectly over female sexuality as a whole , it would seem highly likely that the choice of prostitutes as ‘ folk devils ’ occurred in large part in response to this growing liberation .

The other benefits of the Protagon are that the strings are not ‘ fixed ’ on the frame , rather they are guided down into the handle , ‘ floating ’ on the frame , according to the manufacturers , thereby equalizing the tension over the entire racket face .
the other benefits of the protagon are that the strings are not ‘ fixed ’ on the frame , rather they are guided down into the handle , ‘ floating ’ on the frame , according to the manufacturers , [as such] equalizing the tension over the entire racket face .

In his Essay he observed , ‘ When we set before our eyes a round globe … it is certain that the idea thereby imprinted in our mind is of a flat circle .
in his essay he observed , ‘ when we set before our eyes a round globe … it is certain that the idea [as such] imprinted in our mind is of a flat circle .

The illusion arises because , while we learn the use of the word ‘ think ’ under particular circumstances , we do not thereby learn to describe the circumstances ( 111 , 114–16 ) .
the illusion arises because , while we learn the use of the word ‘ think ’ under particular circumstances , we do not [as such] learn to describe the circumstances ( 111 , 114–16 ) .

Critics say the plan represents a flawed , ‘ image-above-all-else ’ , attempt by the Ministry to beef up the Prado 's revenue-generating potential , and thereby reduce State support .
critics say the plan represents a flawed , ‘ image-above-all-else ’ , attempt by the ministry to beef up the prado 's revenue-generating potential , and [as such] reduce state support .

Further research is required if we are to understand better the process of early retirement in a variety of circumstances and thereby build a sounder basis for policy .
further research is required if we are to understand better the process of early retirement in a variety of circumstances and [as such] build a sounder basis for policy .

Hampshire thereby completed a remarkable run in this competition , which has seen them win groups 4 to 1 in successive years .
hampshire [as such] completed a remarkable run in this competition , which has seen them win groups 4 to 1 in successive years .

It all seems to be about using one or two people to stand for a whole sensibility , but thereby creating the impression that they were somehow alone in the field .
it all seems to be about using one or two people to stand for a whole sensibility , but [as such] creating the impression that they were somehow alone in the field .

In the huge ( 35 x 77 foot ) Gagosian downtown garage , he will install four immense curved steel plates , thereby radically transforming our experience of what is essentially just a big white box .
in the huge ( 35 x 77 foot ) gagosian downtown garage , he will install four immense curved steel plates , [as such] radically transforming our experience of what is essentially just a big white box .

The intention was to operate the Croydon at normal all-up weight and not to exceed the normal maximum cruising speed , thereby simulating normal airline operation .
the intention was to operate the croydon at normal all-up weight and not to exceed the normal maximum cruising speed , [as such] simulating normal airline operation .

The aim is always to guide students to understanding and thereby to help them minimize , if not avoid , errors .
the aim is always to guide students to understanding and [as such] to help them minimize , if not avoid , errors .

Antislavery thus had a further institutional base but it was thereby also vulnerable as regards united action to the outbreak of warfare amongst religious parties .
antislavery thus had a further institutional base but it was [as such] also vulnerable as regards united action to the outbreak of warfare amongst religious parties .

This is a marvellous example of how the new sociological dimension was giving some films a new prestige and a new relevance and thereby gaining Hollywood new friends .
this is a marvellous example of how the new sociological dimension was giving some films a new prestige and a new relevance and [as such] gaining hollywood new friends .

Sign language is a particularly obvious stigmatising feature for the young deaf child , and so produces very negative feelings in the teacher ( as exemplified in appendix 1 ) , and thereby in those , such as parents , influenced by the education process .
sign language is a particularly obvious stigmatising feature for the young deaf child , and so produces very negative feelings in the teacher ( as exemplified in appendix 1 ) , and [as such] in those , such as parents , influenced by the education process .

The worst problem is that the combination of silt , moss and leaves , along with a few chippings washed off of flat roof , can cause soakaways to get blocked , thereby reducing the flow at times when it 's needed most .
the worst problem is that the combination of silt , moss and leaves , along with a few chippings washed off of flat roof , can cause soakaways to get blocked , [as such] reducing the flow at times when it 's needed most .

More attention to the hardware and information presentation will yield improved operator support whereas more attention to operator training will minimise the difficulties of interpreting information presentations and thereby making full use of machines ( Singleton , 1967b ) .
more attention to the hardware and information presentation will yield improved operator support whereas more attention to operator training will minimise the difficulties of interpreting information presentations and [as such] making full use of machines ( singleton , 1967b ) .

Individual differences are obviously a consequence of the particular past experience of each person who has thereby acquired a unique set of skills based on a natural endowment which was also unique .
individual differences are obviously a consequence of the particular past experience of each person who has [as such] acquired a unique set of skills based on a natural endowment which was also unique .

Similarly it is soon accepted that the ‘ ostrich ’ theory of closing one 's eyes and assuming that thereby either oneself or things in the environment will actually disappear is not tenable .
similarly it is soon accepted that the ‘ ostrich ’ theory of closing one 's eyes and assuming that [as such] either oneself or things in the environment will actually disappear is not tenable .

First , there was the simple fact of depopulation which diminished the general size of the market and the level of demand for indigenous manufactures , and no doubt thereby arrested the economic development of the whole region ; second , the depopulation affected agriculture , reducing some previous food exporting regions to starvation levels by the nineteenth century ; third , African production of cloth , metalware and other handicrafts was severely affected , not only by the loss of so many of its producers , but also by the fact that in return the slave traders penetrated the markets of the coast and hinterland with European cotton and manufactured goods ; and fourth , as the demand for slaves multiplied and as many African kings and merchants became even more dependent on European trade , war raids for the capture of potential slaves from neighbouring societies became even more frequent , injecting political instability , consuming precious economic resources , and creating a vicious spiral in which rival kingdoms became ever more dependent on the slave trade to acquire the fire arms necessary for capturing more slaves and in turn defending their slaves against slave-hunting raids from neighbouring kingdoms ( Rodney , 1972 , pp .
first , there was the simple fact of depopulation which diminished the general size of the market and the level of demand for indigenous manufactures , and no doubt [as such] arrested the economic development of the whole region ; second , the depopulation affected agriculture , reducing some previous food exporting regions to starvation levels by the nineteenth century ; third , african production of cloth , metalware and other handicrafts was severely affected , not only by the loss of so many of its producers , but also by the fact that in return the slave traders penetrated the markets of the coast and hinterland with european cotton and manufactured goods ; and fourth , as the demand for slaves multiplied and as many african kings and merchants became even more dependent on european trade , war raids for the capture of potential slaves from neighbouring societies became even more frequent , injecting political instability , consuming precious economic resources , and creating a vicious spiral in which rival kingdoms became ever more dependent on the slave trade to acquire the fire arms necessary for capturing more slaves and in turn defending their slaves against slave-hunting raids from neighbouring kingdoms ( rodney , 1972 , pp .

Consequently , when the number of countries is small and each very similar , the clustering becomes particularly tight , thereby making it a matter of arbitrary choice to select any one variable for explanatory purposes .
consequently , when the number of countries is small and each very similar , the clustering becomes particularly tight , [as such] making it a matter of arbitrary choice to select any one variable for explanatory purposes .

It is not only that , as with industrial relations generally , it is multidisciplinary in its dimensions but it reaches across cultures — thereby exacerbating the difficulties of finding appropriate bases for making inter-country comparisons .
it is not only that , as with industrial relations generally , it is multidisciplinary in its dimensions but it reaches across cultures — [as such] exacerbating the difficulties of finding appropriate bases for making inter-country comparisons .

Unions became registered , thereby conferring access to an arbitration tribunal , and once registered they were largely protected from the emergence of new , rival organisations.8 As a result , the system of registration led to the early establishment and subsequent continuation of a large number of small unions and , as a secondary consequence , helped to impede amalgamation and union rationalisation .
unions became registered , [as such] conferring access to an arbitration tribunal , and once registered they were largely protected from the emergence of new , rival organisations.8 as a result , the system of registration led to the early establishment and subsequent continuation of a large number of small unions and , as a secondary consequence , helped to impede amalgamation and union rationalisation .

This allocation of bargaining rights to minority unions in some cases ( thereby institutionalising union pluralism ) may also help to explain the chronic weakness of union organisation in France over a long period .
this allocation of bargaining rights to minority unions in some cases ( [as such] institutionalising union pluralism ) may also help to explain the chronic weakness of union organisation in france over a long period .

Secondly , to stimulate employer alliances for purposes of market regulation , especially in those industries with competitive product markets as a means of regulating wages and thereby helping to stabilise market conditions .
secondly , to stimulate employer alliances for purposes of market regulation , especially in those industries with competitive product markets as a means of regulating wages and [as such] helping to stabilise market conditions .

In addition to rule-making , thereby reducing the degree of uncertainty confronting workers and management , it can also be a vehicle for resolving disputes , a power relationship and , where it takes place at enterprise or plant level , it may be regarded as a form of participation for workers or their representatives ( see Chapter 7 ) .
in addition to rule-making , [as such] reducing the degree of uncertainty confronting workers and management , it can also be a vehicle for resolving disputes , a power relationship and , where it takes place at enterprise or plant level , it may be regarded as a form of participation for workers or their representatives ( see chapter 7 ) .

This interest in wage regulation , standardising and setting a floor to wage costs — thereby limiting competitive wage and price-cutting — was especially prevalent in labour-intensive industries where labour costs formed a relatively high proportion of total costs .
this interest in wage regulation , standardising and setting a floor to wage costs — [as such] limiting competitive wage and price-cutting — was especially prevalent in labour-intensive industries where labour costs formed a relatively high proportion of total costs .

The explanation put forward for this relationship is that where the coverage of collective agreements is extensive , as in centralised-bargaining structures , trade union membership is thereby encouraged since the benefits of agreements are seen to accrue to union members on a wide scale .
the explanation put forward for this relationship is that where the coverage of collective agreements is extensive , as in centralised-bargaining structures , trade union membership is [as such] encouraged since the benefits of agreements are seen to accrue to union members on a wide scale .

When the pope nevertheless steadfastly refused to give way , Henry intensified his attack on the church ; in the summer of 1530 he issued a charge of praemunire against fifteen clerics , including the four bishops who had supported Catherine , on the grounds that they had aided Wolsey in the exercise of his legatine authority and thereby given support to papal jurisdiction within his realm .
when the pope nevertheless steadfastly refused to give way , henry intensified his attack on the church ; in the summer of 1530 he issued a charge of praemunire against fifteen clerics , including the four bishops who had supported catherine , on the grounds that they had aided wolsey in the exercise of his legatine authority and [as such] given support to papal jurisdiction within his realm .

If these manoeuvres were successful , the whole might of Russia could then be redeployed for an attack on central Germany , thereby bringing the war to an end .
if these manoeuvres were successful , the whole might of russia could then be redeployed for an attack on central germany , [as such] bringing the war to an end .

So , too , did the British right wing , where two divisions of 13th Corps captured Montauban and Mametz , thereby isolating Fricourt — which nevertheless the Germans held until the following day .
so , too , did the british right wing , where two divisions of 13th corps captured montauban and mametz , [as such] isolating fricourt — which nevertheless the germans held until the following day .

It would incapacitate German submarine bases in the west ; restore to Belgium her occupied territory , thereby depriving Germany of a prime bargaining asset at a future peace conference ; and disrupt German communications to the Western Front from their depots in the lower Rhineland .
it would incapacitate german submarine bases in the west ; restore to belgium her occupied territory , [as such] depriving germany of a prime bargaining asset at a future peace conference ; and disrupt german communications to the western front from their depots in the lower rhineland .

Liberalizing emigration was just part of Ceauşescu 's strategy to gain acceptance in the West and thereby access to its storehouses of wealth , technology and industrial secrets .
liberalizing emigration was just part of ceauşescu 's strategy to gain acceptance in the west and [as such] access to its storehouses of wealth , technology and industrial secrets .

After the revolution , those authors who were not simply names to fill space on the badly produced jacket were usually sufficiently embarrassed to try to explain away their participation in the cult of Ceauşescu and thereby in lengthening his rule .
after the revolution , those authors who were not simply names to fill space on the badly produced jacket were usually sufficiently embarrassed to try to explain away their participation in the cult of ceauşescu and [as such] in lengthening his rule .

After Mao 's death and Jiang Qing 's fall , the ‘ moderate ’ regime of Deng accused Madame Mao and her associates in the Gang of Four of being the cause of all China 's woes , thereby sparing the late Chairman from the most bitter criticisms .
after mao 's death and jiang qing 's fall , the ‘ moderate ’ regime of deng accused madame mao and her associates in the gang of four of being the cause of all china 's woes , [as such] sparing the late chairman from the most bitter criticisms .

If he did have designs on her , and a plan to marry Mr Eddie Hogan 's daughter and thereby marry into the business , then why was he saying all the things that would irritate and upset her ?
if he did have designs on her , and a plan to marry mr eddie hogan 's daughter and [as such] marry into the business , then why was he saying all the things that would irritate and upset her ?

By their guerrilla activities they hoped to generate a revolt against Rome , thereby hastening the coming of the Kingdom .
by their guerrilla activities they hoped to generate a revolt against rome , [as such] hastening the coming of the kingdom .

The sinner is thereby declared righteous , not because he or she was innocent of the charges brought against them , but because of the righteousness which belongs to Christ and is bestowed on them .
the sinner is [as such] declared righteous , not because he or she was innocent of the charges brought against them , but because of the righteousness which belongs to christ and is bestowed on them .

She is a passionate maker , absorbed in every stage of creation , finding alien the widespread modern method of manufacturing stained glass in a factory , which thereby relegates the artist to mere designer .
she is a passionate maker , absorbed in every stage of creation , finding alien the widespread modern method of manufacturing stained glass in a factory , which [as such] relegates the artist to mere designer .

The docks themselves did not promote local industrial growth until William Cory installed a battery of hydraulic cranes to unload seaborne coal , thereby guaranteeing abundant , relatively cheap supplies for local industries .
the docks themselves did not promote local industrial growth until william cory installed a battery of hydraulic cranes to unload seaborne coal , [as such] guaranteeing abundant , relatively cheap supplies for local industries .

’ demanded Anne , thereby suggesting that she held the opinions of their tutor in contempt .
’ demanded anne , [as such] suggesting that she held the opinions of their tutor in contempt .

Rebinders often discard it and thereby do the collector a serious disservice .
rebinders often discard it and [as such] do the collector a serious disservice .

Leaving aside the famous names , which will inevitably be more costly , great numbers of obscure and humble folk have chosen this friendly and attractive method of identifying their precious books and have thereby secured a small niche in the history of bibliophily .
leaving aside the famous names , which will inevitably be more costly , great numbers of obscure and humble folk have chosen this friendly and attractive method of identifying their precious books and have [as such] secured a small niche in the history of bibliophily .

The federal , state and local levels of the state apparatus are all externally controlled by business and social elites , but of course the character of that control varies from region to region , thereby allowing very diverse elite interests to be reconciled and integrated .
the federal , state and local levels of the state apparatus are all externally controlled by business and social elites , but of course the character of that control varies from region to region , [as such] allowing very diverse elite interests to be reconciled and integrated .

International economic competition , industrial concentration , working class power in union and social democratic movements , state revenues , state capacities for internal and external management , and electoral outcomes have all become interdependent variables , thereby reducing the ability of any single organizational elite to exercise power in a predictable fashion .
international economic competition , industrial concentration , working class power in union and social democratic movements , state revenues , state capacities for internal and external management , and electoral outcomes have all become interdependent variables , [as such] reducing the ability of any single organizational elite to exercise power in a predictable fashion .

Ricardo argued that population growth would bring lower grade agricultural land into production , thereby pushing up average food prices and diverting increasing social resources into landlords ' rents .
ricardo argued that population growth would bring lower grade agricultural land into production , [as such] pushing up average food prices and diverting increasing social resources into landlords ' rents .

It seems to imply , for one thing , that if someone has very strong preferences about what happens beyond his own person he thereby renders it important that certain things be done or left undone which have little or nothing to do with his personal life .
it seems to imply , for one thing , that if someone has very strong preferences about what happens beyond his own person he [as such] renders it important that certain things be done or left undone which have little or nothing to do with his personal life .

The usual objection to rule utilitarianism is that if the sole point of a rule is to promote happiness it seems only sensible to jettison it when more happiness is gained thereby .
the usual objection to rule utilitarianism is that if the sole point of a rule is to promote happiness it seems only sensible to jettison it when more happiness is gained [as such] .

Most work in which humans engage with some personal satisfaction would seem emptied of all point thereby .
most work in which humans engage with some personal satisfaction would seem emptied of all point [as such] .

The reflective analyst of language , however , will see that words are playing this double role and how their meaning thereby incorporates the specific values of just one possible type of society .
the reflective analyst of language , however , will see that words are playing this double role and how their meaning [as such] incorporates the specific values of just one possible type of society .

There are plenty of interfering factors but these are inevitably to some extent weakened by a rational understanding of them , at least when this engages appropriately with our basic conatus ( or effort to preserve our own nature ) and thereby acquires the requisite emotional power .
there are plenty of interfering factors but these are inevitably to some extent weakened by a rational understanding of them , at least when this engages appropriately with our basic conatus ( or effort to preserve our own nature ) and [as such] acquires the requisite emotional power .

Why Protagon ? Well , for one thing , Protagon , the racket which enables you to adjust the string tension to suit your style of play , or the conditions , has subtly changed the emphasis in the tennis racket market from racket frames to racket strings , thereby identifying two important factors to the tennis paying , playing public at large .
why protagon ? well , for one thing , protagon , the racket which enables you to adjust the string tension to suit your style of play , or the conditions , has subtly changed the emphasis in the tennis racket market from racket frames to racket strings , [as such] identifying two important factors to the tennis paying , playing public at large .

Baygard , claims Wilson , enhances the life of the ball by increasing moisture and dirt repellence by 75% over other tennis balls , thereby reducing the problems of weight gain and fluffiness .
baygard , claims wilson , enhances the life of the ball by increasing moisture and dirt repellence by 75% over other tennis balls , [as such] reducing the problems of weight gain and fluffiness .

The whole emphasis is placed on the terms being negated , thereby reflecting a profound bias towards aggression as the norm .
the whole emphasis is placed on the terms being negated , [as such] reflecting a profound bias towards aggression as the norm .

Both images ultimately deny the humanity of their subjects by maintaining the deterministic role of these predispositions , thereby reducing human beings to mechanically reactive automata .
both images ultimately deny the humanity of their subjects by maintaining the deterministic role of these predispositions , [as such] reducing human beings to mechanically reactive automata .

They know how to behave properly in it , thereby avoiding danger ( for a contrasted view of Malaysian aboriginals ' attitude to their jungle environment , see Robarchek , this volume ) .
they know how to behave properly in it , [as such] avoiding danger ( for a contrasted view of malaysian aboriginals ' attitude to their jungle environment , see robarchek , this volume ) .

If someone catches a human soul or throws their spear into a human body thereby causing illness to the victim , then this is either plain bad luck or the direct result of some transgression which permits the animal/being to attack .
if someone catches a human soul or throws their spear into a human body [as such] causing illness to the victim , then this is either plain bad luck or the direct result of some transgression which permits the animal/being to attack .

Grains of sand stick to this fluid which helps to hold the skin to the soil , thereby helping the pupating worm-lion to extricate itself .
grains of sand stick to this fluid which helps to hold the skin to the soil , [as such] helping the pupating worm-lion to extricate itself .

Having released thousands of political prisoners , the new government proceeded to re-introduce the educational , religious and agrarian policies of 1931–3 ; in addition autonomy was restored to Catalonia and promised to the Basque Nationalists , whose loyalty to the Republic was thereby secured .
having released thousands of political prisoners , the new government proceeded to re-introduce the educational , religious and agrarian policies of 1931–3 ; in addition autonomy was restored to catalonia and promised to the basque nationalists , whose loyalty to the republic was [as such] secured .

They are even willing to give parents a much needed rest in the evenings by listening out for the children ( once settled ) , thereby allowing the parents time off .
they are even willing to give parents a much needed rest in the evenings by listening out for the children ( once settled ) , [as such] allowing the parents time off .

It has also been suggested that people buy the book because they have read reviews of it or because it is on the best-seller list , but they do n't read it ; they just have it in the bookcase or on the coffee table , thereby getting credit for having it without taking the effort of having to understand it .
it has also been suggested that people buy the book because they have read reviews of it or because it is on the best-seller list , but they do n't read it ; they just have it in the bookcase or on the coffee table , [as such] getting credit for having it without taking the effort of having to understand it .

Local grocer , Fred Plumb , became the first Athletic manager in 1932 by winning the position in a raffle , thereby setting a tradition which has continued to this day .
local grocer , fred plumb , became the first athletic manager in 1932 by winning the position in a raffle , [as such] setting a tradition which has continued to this day .

As a result of their financial difficulties , Athletico were forced to resign from the Mid-Counties League and for the 70/71 season played no football at all , thereby suffering no defeats and thus securing their most successful season ever .
as a result of their financial difficulties , athletico were forced to resign from the mid-counties league and for the 70/71 season played no football at all , [as such] suffering no defeats and thus securing their most successful season ever .

If this is a difficulty , the solution is to allow firms to present a case for exemption from those rules if they can demonstrate that the public interest will be furthered thereby .
if this is a difficulty , the solution is to allow firms to present a case for exemption from those rules if they can demonstrate that the public interest will be furthered [as such] .

One views unusual vertical arrangements with suspicion , presuming that they are made so as to prevent others entering the industry , to raise margins and thereby increase profits at the expense of consumers .
one views unusual vertical arrangements with suspicion , presuming that they are made so as to prevent others entering the industry , to raise margins and [as such] increase profits at the expense of consumers .

Thus , under certain circumstances intermediate good prices in the unintegrated sector can rise as a result of integration , and vertical merger can thereby cause a rise in final good prices .
thus , under certain circumstances intermediate good prices in the unintegrated sector can rise as a result of integration , and vertical merger can [as such] cause a rise in final good prices .

Thus in the absence of the fourth externality discussed above , it is price and advertising levels ( and thereby quantity , as well ) set by retailers which the manufacturer wishes to control .
thus in the absence of the fourth externality discussed above , it is price and advertising levels ( and [as such] quantity , as well ) set by retailers which the manufacturer wishes to control .

Thereby , they work hard .
[as such] , they work hard .

An incidental advantage of splitting pupillage is that you thereby become known in two places instead of one .
an incidental advantage of splitting pupillage is that you [as such] become known in two places instead of one .

Many translators , for instance , use the present perfect or the simple past throughout the abstract in order to achieve ‘ consistency ’ , thereby destroying the natural signalling system of the target language .
many translators , for instance , use the present perfect or the simple past throughout the abstract in order to achieve ‘ consistency ’ , [as such] destroying the natural signalling system of the target language .

It has two functions : ( a ) it acts as a point of orientation by connecting back to previous stretches of discourse and thereby maintaining a coherent point of view and , ( b ) it acts as a point of departure by connecting forward and contributing to the development of later stretches .
it has two functions : ( a ) it acts as a point of orientation by connecting back to previous stretches of discourse and [as such] maintaining a coherent point of view and , ( b ) it acts as a point of departure by connecting forward and contributing to the development of later stretches .

In such a situation , it is not uncommon for a trustee in bankruptcy to claim the cargo as an asset of the bankruptcy estate , thereby rendering subsequent negotiation of the bill and delivery of the goods uncertain .
in such a situation , it is not uncommon for a trustee in bankruptcy to claim the cargo as an asset of the bankruptcy estate , [as such] rendering subsequent negotiation of the bill and delivery of the goods uncertain .

Consequently , the sea waybill allows the ship to unload the bulk shipment immediately upon arrival , thereby reducing the time and cost of unloading and processing the cargo , and also lowering the costs of warehousing and maintaining goods in inventory .
consequently , the sea waybill allows the ship to unload the bulk shipment immediately upon arrival , [as such] reducing the time and cost of unloading and processing the cargo , and also lowering the costs of warehousing and maintaining goods in inventory .

The transferee of a straight bill also acquires the right to notify the carrier of the transfer , and thereby to become the direct obligee of whatever obligations the carrier owed to the transferor of the bill immediately before the notification , including delivery of the goods .
the transferee of a straight bill also acquires the right to notify the carrier of the transfer , and [as such] to become the direct obligee of whatever obligations the carrier owed to the transferor of the bill immediately before the notification , including delivery of the goods .

These should be aimed at reducing tendencies towards social polarization and at achieving a better matching of people with appropriate jobs and local facilities , thereby increasing not only individuals ' quality of life but also the efficiency of public and private investment .
these should be aimed at reducing tendencies towards social polarization and at achieving a better matching of people with appropriate jobs and local facilities , [as such] increasing not only individuals ' quality of life but also the efficiency of public and private investment .

Not only would any subsequent residential development be wonderfully placed to take advantage of the new route into the heart of the city — thereby making the houses attractive to those whose business was in the city centre — but past experience had shown more often than not that the railway barons could well pay a fortune for any land they needed .
not only would any subsequent residential development be wonderfully placed to take advantage of the new route into the heart of the city — [as such] making the houses attractive to those whose business was in the city centre — but past experience had shown more often than not that the railway barons could well pay a fortune for any land they needed .

The aim of much of this legislation was to increase the sheer quantity of housing available to the rural population , thereby relieving overcrowding and improving the state of repair of the housing stock .
the aim of much of this legislation was to increase the sheer quantity of housing available to the rural population , [as such] relieving overcrowding and improving the state of repair of the housing stock .

The Act enabled local authorities to create and administer country parks and picnic sites , thereby expanding choice but directing it towards specially planned recreational reservations .
the act enabled local authorities to create and administer country parks and picnic sites , [as such] expanding choice but directing it towards specially planned recreational reservations .

But while delegation is a prerequisite of corporate efficiency , it also carries with it the risk , common to all agency relationships , that the managers will act in their own interests at the expense of the shareholders , thereby reducing the expected gains , not only for the shareholders , but also for society as a whole .
but while delegation is a prerequisite of corporate efficiency , it also carries with it the risk , common to all agency relationships , that the managers will act in their own interests at the expense of the shareholders , [as such] reducing the expected gains , not only for the shareholders , but also for society as a whole .

Supporters of the nexus of contracts model of the company go further , seeking to deprive the ‘ problem ’ of weak shareholder control even of its status as a problem , and thereby to legitimate the replacement of control by means of shareholder democracy with control through markets .
supporters of the nexus of contracts model of the company go further , seeking to deprive the ‘ problem ’ of weak shareholder control even of its status as a problem , and [as such] to legitimate the replacement of control by means of shareholder democracy with control through markets .

Unable to move her upper body , she watched him roll a small bundle of laundry and insert it between her buttocks and the post : thereby thrusting her thighs forward .
unable to move her upper body , she watched him roll a small bundle of laundry and insert it between her buttocks and the post : [as such] thrusting her thighs forward .

She dare not ask him whether his proposal was thereby withdrawn .
she dare not ask him whether his proposal was [as such] withdrawn .

That it defines the authority which the people commits to its government , and in so doing thereby limits it .
that it defines the authority which the people commits to its government , and in so doing [as such] limits it .

When Paine stated that a governmental act contrary to the constitution is an act of ‘ power without right ’ , did he thereby imply that such an act would be unconstitutional ? In Bolingbroke 's terms such an act would warrant the conclusion that the government is not a good one ; is this the same thing ?
when paine stated that a governmental act contrary to the constitution is an act of ‘ power without right ’ , did he [as such] imply that such an act would be unconstitutional ? in bolingbroke 's terms such an act would warrant the conclusion that the government is not a good one ; is this the same thing ?

If a government , using its majority in Parliament , passes appropriate laws empowering it to do specified acts , are its activities thereby rendered legitimate because they are done in accordance with the law , regardless of how oppressive or repugnant those laws might be ? See chapter 4 and also the extract which follows .
if a government , using its majority in parliament , passes appropriate laws empowering it to do specified acts , are its activities [as such] rendered legitimate because they are done in accordance with the law , regardless of how oppressive or repugnant those laws might be ? see chapter 4 and also the extract which follows .

Those who use them in this way thereby manifest their own acceptance of them as guiding rules and with this attitude there goes a characteristic vocabulary different from the natural expressions of the external point of view .
those who use them in this way [as such] manifest their own acceptance of them as guiding rules and with this attitude there goes a characteristic vocabulary different from the natural expressions of the external point of view .

And whereas the said late King James the second having abdicated the Government and the throne being thereby vacant .
and whereas the said late king james the second having abdicated the government and the throne being [as such] vacant .

Newtonian physics at one time seemed to give support to the idea that the universe was ordered and mechanistic and , therefore , divinely made ; Darwinism challenged many of the basic tenets of Christianity , thereby setting science and religion in opposition and creating an important set of dualities — rationality/irrationality , reason/faith — through which we have come to construct science .
newtonian physics at one time seemed to give support to the idea that the universe was ordered and mechanistic and , therefore , divinely made ; darwinism challenged many of the basic tenets of christianity , [as such] setting science and religion in opposition and creating an important set of dualities — rationality/irrationality , reason/faith — through which we have come to construct science .

Those who have been unemployed for three or more years are not asked about their previous employment , and are thereby excluded from the survey .
those who have been unemployed for three or more years are not asked about their previous employment , and are [as such] excluded from the survey .

The school-leaving age was raised to sixteen in 1974 , thereby lessening the chance of pupils leaving school without the opportunity of taking qualifying examinations .
the school-leaving age was raised to sixteen in 1974 , [as such] lessening the chance of pupils leaving school without the opportunity of taking qualifying examinations .

Mass unemployment has led to an exclusion from sharing in the country 's prosperity , and thereby in the hope of seeing one 's economic position improve , for a significant group of the population .
mass unemployment has led to an exclusion from sharing in the country 's prosperity , and [as such] in the hope of seeing one 's economic position improve , for a significant group of the population .

They significantly reduced overhead by combining various subhead-quarters of related businesses , thereby eliminating well over 20,000 overhead positions .
they significantly reduced overhead by combining various subhead-quarters of related businesses , [as such] eliminating well over 20,000 overhead positions .

He is not claiming that representations have their causal significance only in some societies or in some epochs , but he is making a general assumption about psychological functioning and , thereby , about human nature .
he is not claiming that representations have their causal significance only in some societies or in some epochs , but he is making a general assumption about psychological functioning and , [as such] , about human nature .

In fact , the new ideas may not have totally changed , and thereby displaced , older notions , but the old and the new may coexist in modern consciousness .
in fact , the new ideas may not have totally changed , and [as such] displaced , older notions , but the old and the new may coexist in modern consciousness .

What this does suggest , at a very superficial reading , is that the transformations from science have not swept all before them , but they themselves may have been captured , and made familiar and thereby totally unscientific in content , by much older symbolic systems .
what this does suggest , at a very superficial reading , is that the transformations from science have not swept all before them , but they themselves may have been captured , and made familiar and [as such] totally unscientific in content , by much older symbolic systems .

It is because a social group 's stock of commonsensical beliefs contains contrary elements that argument , and thereby thought , is possible .
it is because a social group 's stock of commonsensical beliefs contains contrary elements that argument , and [as such] thought , is possible .

If all were clear , undilemmatic and utterly consistent for the members of a society , there would be nothing for them to argue about , and thereby nothing about which to deliberate .
if all were clear , undilemmatic and utterly consistent for the members of a society , there would be nothing for them to argue about , and [as such] nothing about which to deliberate .

In arguing , one not only expresses one 's own position , but seeks to criticize , and thereby to negate , the counter-position .
in arguing , one not only expresses one 's own position , but seeks to criticize , and [as such] to negate , the counter-position .

Thus if we can categorize or anchor information , we can also do the opposite : we can particularize information and treat it as a special case , thereby negating , or criticizing , a strategy of categorization .
thus if we can categorize or anchor information , we can also do the opposite : we can particularize information and treat it as a special case , [as such] negating , or criticizing , a strategy of categorization .

In doing this , researchers will be investigating the extent to which the topics of modern thinking , and thereby of modern everyday argument , differ qualitatively from those of previous ages .
in doing this , researchers will be investigating the extent to which the topics of modern thinking , and [as such] of modern everyday argument , differ qualitatively from those of previous ages .

To be sure , there was a time when the Party had hoped to recruit large numbers of keen and politically sophisticated young members , and thereby change the YCs from a social club into a political movement .
to be sure , there was a time when the party had hoped to recruit large numbers of keen and politically sophisticated young members , and [as such] change the ycs from a social club into a political movement .

In this way , they would stress their identity as ‘ ordinary people ’ , or emphasize their individuality , thereby refusing a class identification of their selves .
in this way , they would stress their identity as ‘ ordinary people ’ , or emphasize their individuality , [as such] refusing a class identification of their selves .

Slowly , common turns of speech , and thereby common turns of thought , are adopted , and the member drifts into conservatism without having made a conscious political choice .
slowly , common turns of speech , and [as such] common turns of thought , are adopted , and the member drifts into conservatism without having made a conscious political choice .

’ The ironic ‘ in our wisdom ’ implied , but did not pursue , the possibility that decolonization was a political , and thereby contestable , decision .
’ the ironic ‘ in our wisdom ’ implied , but did not pursue , the possibility that decolonization was a political , and [as such] contestable , decision .

Tourists , all male , flock across the border ‘ to sleep with black women ’ , thereby providing a ‘ major source of income ’ to the Lesothan exchequer .
tourists , all male , flock across the border ‘ to sleep with black women ’ , [as such] providing a ‘ major source of income ’ to the lesothan exchequer .

Vanguard ( October 1987 ) complained of ‘ a corrupt and Zionist dominated media ’ , thereby repeating the conspiracy theorists ' argument against ordinary people who have been blinded by Jewish opinion-makers .
vanguard ( october 1987 ) complained of ‘ a corrupt and zionist dominated media ’ , [as such] repeating the conspiracy theorists ' argument against ordinary people who have been blinded by jewish opinion-makers .

Van Dijk has analysed the language of racism , thereby building up a picture of modern ideology which pays particular attention to the way that elite messages can be transformed into ordinary discourse ( van Dijk , 1985b , 1987 ) .
van dijk has analysed the language of racism , [as such] building up a picture of modern ideology which pays particular attention to the way that elite messages can be transformed into ordinary discourse ( van dijk , 1985b , 1987 ) .

The denial of prejudice is strategic , but ‘ we thereby want to convey that the move is strategical only relative to the goal of ‘ making a good impression ’ , rather than to the goal of being ‘ sincere and honest ’ ( p. 127 ) .
the denial of prejudice is strategic , but ‘ we [as such] want to convey that the move is strategical only relative to the goal of ‘ making a good impression ’ , rather than to the goal of being ‘ sincere and honest ’ ( p. 127 ) .

For social norms to function as social pressures , they must be internalized , and thereby form part of the individual 's cognitive beliefs .
for social norms to function as social pressures , they must be internalized , and [as such] form part of the individual 's cognitive beliefs .

What it does indicate is the demands of liberal ideology that the virtues of ‘ national prejudice ’ be justified and thereby translated from the category of ‘ prejudice ’ .
what it does indicate is the demands of liberal ideology that the virtues of ‘ national prejudice ’ be justified and [as such] translated from the category of ‘ prejudice ’ .

These are the values and maxims which are common to a community and thereby constitute its ‘ common sense , ( see also Perelman and Olbrechts-Tyteca , 1971 ; Ferelman , 1979 ) .
these are the values and maxims which are common to a community and [as such] constitute its ‘ common sense , ( see also perelman and olbrechts-tyteca , 1971 ; ferelman , 1979 ) .

If attitudinal justifications , and criticisms of counter-attitudes , are based upon such common-places , then attitudes by their content are socially shared and thereby possess a social significance beyond the motivations and affective reactions of the individual attitude-holder .
if attitudinal justifications , and criticisms of counter-attitudes , are based upon such common-places , then attitudes by their content are socially shared and [as such] possess a social significance beyond the motivations and affective reactions of the individual attitude-holder .

As regards attitudes , there is the assumption that attitudinal positions , and thereby attitudinal structures , can not be fully developed , for , although they might be developed for given argumentative contexts , they must also look forward to contexts as yet unrealized .
as regards attitudes , there is the assumption that attitudinal positions , and [as such] attitudinal structures , can not be fully developed , for , although they might be developed for given argumentative contexts , they must also look forward to contexts as yet unrealized .

Yet , it was his originality that he could represent prevailing moods , drawing together themes in striking images and captions , thereby intensifying the attitudes from which his an emerged .
yet , it was his originality that he could represent prevailing moods , drawing together themes in striking images and captions , [as such] intensifying the attitudes from which his an emerged .

The Judicature Acts of 1873–75 created a single Supreme Court of Judicature , comprising courts of both law and equity and thereby fusing what had previously been two separate systems .
the judicature acts of 1873–75 created a single supreme court of judicature , comprising courts of both law and equity and [as such] fusing what had previously been two separate systems .

The fundamental purpose of legislation is to create , amend or repeal law , thereby giving effect to the intentions of Parliament .
the fundamental purpose of legislation is to create , amend or repeal law , [as such] giving effect to the intentions of parliament .

If the scope of the enabling Act is exceeded or the procedures set out in it are not followed , the secondary legislation thereby created is said to be ultra vires ( i.e .
if the scope of the enabling act is exceeded or the procedures set out in it are not followed , the secondary legislation [as such] created is said to be ultra vires ( i.e .

Hence if the construction of the building which is to be the catering premises shuts out light to the adjoining premises it thereby infringes the rights of the neighbours and gives rise to a cause of action for contravention of their easement of light .
hence if the construction of the building which is to be the catering premises shuts out light to the adjoining premises it [as such] infringes the rights of the neighbours and gives rise to a cause of action for contravention of their easement of light .

‘ The defendant had been personally negligent in that he had failed to take such steps and make such inquiries as would have revealed to him the defects in his structure and the risks of fire thereby occasioned . ’
‘ the defendant had been personally negligent in that he had failed to take such steps and make such inquiries as would have revealed to him the defects in his structure and the risks of fire [as such] occasioned . ’

The defendant negligently started a fire by using a blowlamp to burn off the paint on the fascia board under the guttering of the roof of his house , thereby causing the timbers to catch fire .
the defendant negligently started a fire by using a blowlamp to burn off the paint on the fascia board under the guttering of the roof of his house , [as such] causing the timbers to catch fire .

In the circumstances the defendants had done that which was reasonably practicable and had thereby satisfied the duty of care imposed upon them .
in the circumstances the defendants had done that which was reasonably practicable and had [as such] satisfied the duty of care imposed upon them .

Mone-tarization is thereby tied to the rise of industrialization and bureaucracy .
mone-tarization is [as such] tied to the rise of industrialization and bureaucracy .

She sees presentational symbolism as the major vehicle of objectifying feelings , and argues that these are thereby under-represented in our philosophies ( 1967 : 101–2 ) .
she sees presentational symbolism as the major vehicle of objectifying feelings , and argues that these are [as such] under-represented in our philosophies ( 1967 : 101–2 ) .

The importance of this physicality of the artefact derives from its ability thereby to act as a bridge , not only between the mental and physical worlds , but also , more unexpectedly , between consciousness and the unconscious .
the importance of this physicality of the artefact derives from its ability [as such] to act as a bridge , not only between the mental and physical worlds , but also , more unexpectedly , between consciousness and the unconscious .

Quite often these are object cues , such as the theatre or church , which signify more general categories such as drama or religion , thereby providing an appropriate setting for particular attitudes and kinds of behaviour .
quite often these are object cues , such as the theatre or church , which signify more general categories such as drama or religion , [as such] providing an appropriate setting for particular attitudes and kinds of behaviour .

By absorbing these , the subject is then in turn able to impose them upon some new domain not previously encountered , and thereby immediately to assimilate this into its particular cultural order .
by absorbing these , the subject is then in turn able to impose them upon some new domain not previously encountered , and [as such] immediately to assimilate this into its particular cultural order .

It thereby links socialization processes , by which a new generation is culturally incorporated , with the longer term movements of history and the process by which culture itself is reproduced , thereby developing as a dynamic praxis , or an objectification which avoids determinism .
it [as such] links socialization processes , by which a new generation is culturally incorporated , with the longer term movements of history and the process by which culture itself is reproduced , [as such] developing as a dynamic praxis , or an objectification which avoids determinism .

Clearly , an object may always signify its own material possibilities and constraints and thereby the more general world of material practices .
clearly , an object may always signify its own material possibilities and constraints and [as such] the more general world of material practices .

People wishing to own their council house may thereby be led to believe mistakenly , that the present institutionalization of private property is in their interests .
people wishing to own their council house may [as such] be led to believe mistakenly , that the present institutionalization of private property is in their interests .

The consumers ' hints and suggestions , communicated over considerable distance and thereby often greatly distorted when realized by the manufacturers , resulted in changes in the cloth , which in turn prompted further comments .
the consumers ' hints and suggestions , communicated over considerable distance and [as such] often greatly distorted when realized by the manufacturers , resulted in changes in the cloth , which in turn prompted further comments .

Since these are relatively common finds of a mundane form , the highly parochial local museum can often contribute its own sequence which is a version of the overall national pattern , thereby helping to embody in material form , and as an aid in teaching , that sense of history which underlies the collective identity presupposed by the state .
since these are relatively common finds of a mundane form , the highly parochial local museum can often contribute its own sequence which is a version of the overall national pattern , [as such] helping to embody in material form , and as an aid in teaching , that sense of history which underlies the collective identity presupposed by the state .

The smaller portable artefact , by contrast , lends itself to being exported to areas outside of its site of discovery , and thereby provides evidence for more abstract legiti-mations ; for example , the claim by colonial governments to represent the historical legacy of a sequence of great accomplishments is subsumed and given meaning by the concept of civilization .
the smaller portable artefact , by contrast , lends itself to being exported to areas outside of its site of discovery , and [as such] provides evidence for more abstract legiti-mations ; for example , the claim by colonial governments to represent the historical legacy of a sequence of great accomplishments is subsumed and given meaning by the concept of civilization .

In the museum display of these materials ( such as the treasures of Tutankhamun 's tomb ) , stress may be laid on the objects ' discovery by British archaeologists , thereby helping to legitimize the implicit pseudo-evolutionary claims of historical advance as civilization ( Gidri 1974 ) .
in the museum display of these materials ( such as the treasures of tutankhamun 's tomb ) , stress may be laid on the objects ' discovery by british archaeologists , [as such] helping to legitimize the implicit pseudo-evolutionary claims of historical advance as civilization ( gidri 1974 ) .

Little mention has been made so far of those elements of material forms which relate to each other in an ordered fashion , and which may thereby influence the manner in which they are utilized in constituting cultural patterns or acting as systems of meaning .
little mention has been made so far of those elements of material forms which relate to each other in an ordered fashion , and which may [as such] influence the manner in which they are utilized in constituting cultural patterns or acting as systems of meaning .

In the latter case , an exact equivalent to grammar in linguistics is unlikely to be found , since , as noted earlier , objects gain their effect from their comparative lack of abstraction and the various bridging functions they can thereby perform .
in the latter case , an exact equivalent to grammar in linguistics is unlikely to be found , since , as noted earlier , objects gain their effect from their comparative lack of abstraction and the various bridging functions they can [as such] perform .

Forty suggests that the attraction of the neo-classical , which emerged from a somewhat wider range as the most successful of Wedgewood 's styles , was that it provided an acceptable facade for the introduction of the advances being made by ceramic science , the most modern techniques thereby being employed in the improvement of reproductions , a tension in commercial styling which has been strongly asserted ever since .
forty suggests that the attraction of the neo-classical , which emerged from a somewhat wider range as the most successful of wedgewood 's styles , was that it provided an acceptable facade for the introduction of the advances being made by ceramic science , the most modern techniques [as such] being employed in the improvement of reproductions , a tension in commercial styling which has been strongly asserted ever since .

Through the emergence of the arts and crafts movement , Morris succeeded in establishing a craft tradition in which the individual could retain some control over every stage of manufacture from design to execution , and thereby gain a far more satisfactory relationship with the product .
through the emergence of the arts and crafts movement , morris succeeded in establishing a craft tradition in which the individual could retain some control over every stage of manufacture from design to execution , and [as such] gain a far more satisfactory relationship with the product .

Unfortunately , because this tradition tended to ignore the problem of consumption , the main impact of this craft revival was to promote a conspicuous handmade image , explicitly separate from the products of mass consumption , and immediately recognized as a quality or luxury product which signified , and thereby helped reproduce , the new moneyed elites .
unfortunately , because this tradition tended to ignore the problem of consumption , the main impact of this craft revival was to promote a conspicuous handmade image , explicitly separate from the products of mass consumption , and immediately recognized as a quality or luxury product which signified , and [as such] helped reproduce , the new moneyed elites .

Most importantly , they fail to acknowledge the genuine lessons of Marx 's work , as , for example , reflected in Bourdieu 's Outline of a Theory of Practice ( 1977 ) , in which the significance of artefacts is seen to consist in their simultaneous operation in both the material and cognitive worlds , thereby exposing the artificiality of a dichotomous approach .
most importantly , they fail to acknowledge the genuine lessons of marx 's work , as , for example , reflected in bourdieu 's outline of a theory of practice ( 1977 ) , in which the significance of artefacts is seen to consist in their simultaneous operation in both the material and cognitive worlds , [as such] exposing the artificiality of a dichotomous approach .

Bourdieu 's first task is to rescue taste as preference from essentialist doctrines of aesthetics , and thereby free it as a potential tool for the contingent historical analysis of society .
bourdieu 's first task is to rescue taste as preference from essentialist doctrines of aesthetics , and [as such] free it as a potential tool for the contingent historical analysis of society .

The actual brilliance often displayed in the art of living in modern society by people of all classes , and the use of ambiguities , inconsistencies , resistance , framing and such devices in individual and social strategies are thereby lost .
the actual brilliance often displayed in the art of living in modern society by people of all classes , and the use of ambiguities , inconsistencies , resistance , framing and such devices in individual and social strategies are [as such] lost .

This argument was refined by Lukács ' ( 1971 ) suggestion that only certain historical transformations could bring the proletariat to realize their true interests and thereby allow them to commence revolutionary action .
this argument was refined by lukács ' ( 1971 ) suggestion that only certain historical transformations could bring the proletariat to realize their true interests and [as such] allow them to commence revolutionary action .

In as much , however , as the cultural forms thereby produced become the external environment through which emerge other groups whose interests are not identical , and indeed may be contrary , to their own , we are faced with the situation described in the discussion of building styles above , where the dominated group is forced to attempt to invest itself in the domain of culture represented by the built environment in terms of a set of objects whose initial meanings are antagonistic to its own interests .
in as much , however , as the cultural forms [as such] produced become the external environment through which emerge other groups whose interests are not identical , and indeed may be contrary , to their own , we are faced with the situation described in the discussion of building styles above , where the dominated group is forced to attempt to invest itself in the domain of culture represented by the built environment in terms of a set of objects whose initial meanings are antagonistic to its own interests .

Foucault 1977b ) , but whose overarching concepts such as ‘ power ’ or ‘ discourse ’ imply a still greater distance between interests and representations , and thereby a greater commitment to objectivism .
foucault 1977b ) , but whose overarching concepts such as ‘ power ’ or ‘ discourse ’ imply a still greater distance between interests and representations , and [as such] a greater commitment to objectivism .

What he thereby misses is that post-modernism represents simply a new façade or twist to architectural style as ideology discussed earlier .
what he [as such] misses is that post-modernism represents simply a new façade or twist to architectural style as ideology discussed earlier .

Management control thereby has a tendency to become more centralized .
management control [as such] has a tendency to become more centralized .

It should not be forgotten that , in addition to those being regulated , there are those who have the power to influence the composition of the accounts , thereby manipulating the directions for change that they consider desirable .
it should not be forgotten that , in addition to those being regulated , there are those who have the power to influence the composition of the accounts , [as such] manipulating the directions for change that they consider desirable .

For this purpose the Defence Operational Analysis Establishment was formed , thereby bringing together specialist staff from the three service departments .
for this purpose the defence operational analysis establishment was formed , [as such] bringing together specialist staff from the three service departments .

Auditors are not directly concerned with the solution of problems ; if they were ; they would become responsible for those solutions and thereby lose their objectivity and status to provide an independent examination and appraisal of a service .
auditors are not directly concerned with the solution of problems ; if they were ; they would become responsible for those solutions and [as such] lose their objectivity and status to provide an independent examination and appraisal of a service .

The legislation said nothing about effectiveness and did not define the term efficiency , thereby providing a source of some confusion and debate ( Glynn , 1987 ) .
the legislation said nothing about effectiveness and did not define the term efficiency , [as such] providing a source of some confusion and debate ( glynn , 1987 ) .

However , thereby they lose contact with the professional environment in the basic organization .
however , [as such] they lose contact with the professional environment in the basic organization .

For example , whereas land rights were inherited through the mother in the matrilineal systems a father could leave economic trees to his sons , thereby providing them with a small independent base .
for example , whereas land rights were inherited through the mother in the matrilineal systems a father could leave economic trees to his sons , [as such] providing them with a small independent base .

In Great Britain , and especially midlands England , the enclosure movement involved the use of Parliamentary Acts to alter the pattern of land ownership ( forcibly in many cases ) , thereby allowing the creation of a new pattern of farms and fields within which more productive ( and less labour intensive ) agricultural methods could be employed .
in great britain , and especially midlands england , the enclosure movement involved the use of parliamentary acts to alter the pattern of land ownership ( forcibly in many cases ) , [as such] allowing the creation of a new pattern of farms and fields within which more productive ( and less labour intensive ) agricultural methods could be employed .

Different arrangements reflect cultural responses to perceptions of environmental constraints and opportunities , perceptions which may alter as the environmental context changes , thereby provoking changes in the cultural system too .
different arrangements reflect cultural responses to perceptions of environmental constraints and opportunities , perceptions which may alter as the environmental context changes , [as such] provoking changes in the cultural system too .

Political parties mobilize bias within the populations of liberal democracies , identifying potential cleavages and presenting themselves as representing the interests of one group more than those of any other ( while recognizing that , for the state to retain its legitimacy , it is necessary to respect the interests of other groups , and thereby present a ‘ one nation ’ perspective in certain situations ) .
political parties mobilize bias within the populations of liberal democracies , identifying potential cleavages and presenting themselves as representing the interests of one group more than those of any other ( while recognizing that , for the state to retain its legitimacy , it is necessary to respect the interests of other groups , and [as such] present a ‘ one nation ’ perspective in certain situations ) .

The nature of the cleavages identified and capitalized upon by the parties reflects the structure of the society although if certain cleavages are ignored by parties ( thereby ‘ organizing out ’ certain biases ) the party system need not faithfully represent all the divisions within a society .
the nature of the cleavages identified and capitalized upon by the parties reflects the structure of the society although if certain cleavages are ignored by parties ( [as such] ‘ organizing out ’ certain biases ) the party system need not faithfully represent all the divisions within a society .

First , places tend to take on specialized functions , in addition to the universal ones , thereby creating a spatial division of labour , at a variety of scales .
first , places tend to take on specialized functions , in addition to the universal ones , [as such] creating a spatial division of labour , at a variety of scales .

Similarly , the classes-in-struggle contest control of the state and its apparatus , thereby seeking to promote their own interests .
similarly , the classes-in-struggle contest control of the state and its apparatus , [as such] seeking to promote their own interests .

One proposal — which eventually fell through — involved the Butterley Company protecting the employer by agreeing to sell no land within five miles of the villages , thereby preventing any other sources of work being established , while the factory-owner would guarantee to take at least 65 per cent of his workforce from Ollerton .
one proposal — which eventually fell through — involved the butterley company protecting the employer by agreeing to sell no land within five miles of the villages , [as such] preventing any other sources of work being established , while the factory-owner would guarantee to take at least 65 per cent of his workforce from ollerton .

By contrast , the Conservative party was very active in the villages , establishing Associations for both men and women and thereby consolidating the party 's general hold over the area despite the changed socio-economic context .
by contrast , the conservative party was very active in the villages , establishing associations for both men and women and [as such] consolidating the party 's general hold over the area despite the changed socio-economic context .

, 1990 ) found that the strike breakers were more likely to live outside the mining communities , thereby producing a geography whereby the strike was strongest ( and longest ) in the pits whose labour came mainly from local , closed communities : in Nottinghamshire , of course , the opposite occurred , with the closed communities being solid against the strike .
, 1990 ) found that the strike breakers were more likely to live outside the mining communities , [as such] producing a geography whereby the strike was strongest ( and longest ) in the pits whose labour came mainly from local , closed communities : in nottinghamshire , of course , the opposite occurred , with the closed communities being solid against the strike .

Many southerners are apparently against provision of large-scale welfare support for these people , however ; they apparently believe it will both encourage them to have more children , especially children not in a male-headed , nuclear family , and thus increase the State 's welfare load , and also because they think it will reduce the incentive for them to work , and thereby solve their problems themselves .
many southerners are apparently against provision of large-scale welfare support for these people , however ; they apparently believe it will both encourage them to have more children , especially children not in a male-headed , nuclear family , and thus increase the state 's welfare load , and also because they think it will reduce the incentive for them to work , and [as such] solve their problems themselves .

It has achieved a great deal of support from anecdotal evidence ( see Johnston , 1980 , for example ) , which clearly suggests that Senators and Representatives have been able to channel very substantial volumes of Federal money towards their home States , thereby promoting their political reputations , assisting them in the search for campaign funds , and enhancing their re-election prospects .
it has achieved a great deal of support from anecdotal evidence ( see johnston , 1980 , for example ) , which clearly suggests that senators and representatives have been able to channel very substantial volumes of federal money towards their home states , [as such] promoting their political reputations , assisting them in the search for campaign funds , and enhancing their re-election prospects .

Reports fully and promptly written , and letters thoughtfully and sensibly drafted ( thereby requiring little or no alteration when passed to the supervisor for approval and signature ) , all help create an impression of good work .
reports fully and promptly written , and letters thoughtfully and sensibly drafted ( [as such] requiring little or no alteration when passed to the supervisor for approval and signature ) , all help create an impression of good work .

Watercourses vary in size from the merest trickle in a ditch to large tidal rivers ; size is significant since it controls the extent to which any pollution will be diluted , thereby more readily purified by natural processes , and less noticeable .
watercourses vary in size from the merest trickle in a ditch to large tidal rivers ; size is significant since it controls the extent to which any pollution will be diluted , [as such] more readily purified by natural processes , and less noticeable .

He thereby differentiates procedures designed to improve professional practice from those concerned with enhancing status .
he [as such] differentiates procedures designed to improve professional practice from those concerned with enhancing status .

Then it is said that court time will be taken up by considering a mass of Parliamentary material and long arguments about its significance , thereby increasing the expense of litigation .
then it is said that court time will be taken up by considering a mass of parliamentary material and long arguments about its significance , [as such] increasing the expense of litigation .

By 1830 , however , membership had more than halved and it was thought prudent to change the rules to limit its functions more closely to those of a conventional benefit society , thereby earning the support of some local shipowners and a personage no less elevated than His Grace the Duke of Northumberland .
by 1830 , however , membership had more than halved and it was thought prudent to change the rules to limit its functions more closely to those of a conventional benefit society , [as such] earning the support of some local shipowners and a personage no less elevated than his grace the duke of northumberland .

This is admittedly a rather crude distinction , but one which could be justified by the very uneven break — some 80 per cent of establishments were `` non-users `` for each category — which it produced ; For experimental purposes we also separated out `` high user establishments where the number of fixed-term contract or agency workers used was the equivalent of five per cent or more of the labour force but the results thereby obtained were not more instructive than those obtained by the initial classification and so are reported upon only in a limited fashion .
this is admittedly a rather crude distinction , but one which could be justified by the very uneven break — some 80 per cent of establishments were `` non-users `` for each category — which it produced ; for experimental purposes we also separated out `` high user establishments where the number of fixed-term contract or agency workers used was the equivalent of five per cent or more of the labour force but the results [as such] obtained were not more instructive than those obtained by the initial classification and so are reported upon only in a limited fashion .

On the other hand , the effective independence of the individual contract programmer or analyst is not thereby enhanced , and he remains as dependent as the temporary secretary or typist upon intermediaries ( the agencies ) to provide a flow of work .
on the other hand , the effective independence of the individual contract programmer or analyst is not [as such] enhanced , and he remains as dependent as the temporary secretary or typist upon intermediaries ( the agencies ) to provide a flow of work .

What is more , because the earnings they thereby achieve can be higher than those of regular employees , some people choose to work on a temporary rather than a permanent basis .
what is more , because the earnings they [as such] achieve can be higher than those of regular employees , some people choose to work on a temporary rather than a permanent basis .

Such practices are understandable : fringe benefits are seen as a reward for long-term commitment to the organization , occupational pensions are of little value to workers who frequently change employer and costs of administering the scheme are thereby reduced .
such practices are understandable : fringe benefits are seen as a reward for long-term commitment to the organization , occupational pensions are of little value to workers who frequently change employer and costs of administering the scheme are [as such] reduced .

If anyone knew when this unique event might actually happen , it was Werner , for it was he who had dramatically cured the late king of tuberculosis in the 1950s , thereby becoming a much loved honorary member of the tribe , and the recipient of all the latest news and gossip from Torajans visiting the lowlands .
if anyone knew when this unique event might actually happen , it was werner , for it was he who had dramatically cured the late king of tuberculosis in the 1950s , [as such] becoming a much loved honorary member of the tribe , and the recipient of all the latest news and gossip from torajans visiting the lowlands .

Let us further assume that the charge distribution is uniform and denote the charge per unit length by pl ( we are defining thereby a linear charge density of dimension coulomb per metre ) .
let us further assume that the charge distribution is uniform and denote the charge per unit length by pl ( we are defining [as such] a linear charge density of dimension coulomb per metre ) .

In order to restore those convictions , the Crown must say that the Act of 1968 has altered the law in such a way ( among others ) that anyone who , by a false representation such as a worthless cheque , induces an owner to sell property is thereby guilty of stealing .
in order to restore those convictions , the crown must say that the act of 1968 has altered the law in such a way ( among others ) that anyone who , by a false representation such as a worthless cheque , induces an owner to sell property is [as such] guilty of stealing .

He also pointed out the amendment in section 26 of the Criminal Justice Act 1991 ( effective from 1 October 1992 ) reducing the maximum term of imprisonment for theft from ten to seven years , thereby distinguishing theft from obtaining by deception , the maximum term for which remains at ten years .
he also pointed out the amendment in section 26 of the criminal justice act 1991 ( effective from 1 october 1992 ) reducing the maximum term of imprisonment for theft from ten to seven years , [as such] distinguishing theft from obtaining by deception , the maximum term for which remains at ten years .

The conclusion from this comparison of the draft Bill and the Act is that Parliament has in all material respects adopted the committee 's approach and has thereby indorsed the committee 's point of view .
the conclusion from this comparison of the draft bill and the act is that parliament has in all material respects adopted the committee 's approach and has [as such] indorsed the committee 's point of view .

The plants provide surprisingly ornamental edgings to beds and borders , and also grow well in pots which enable them to be protected , and thereby extend the season both early and late .
the plants provide surprisingly ornamental edgings to beds and borders , and also grow well in pots which enable them to be protected , and [as such] extend the season both early and late .

Hiscock ( 1977 ) therefore attempted to manipulate anxiety level experimentally and thereby observe the interaction of this variable with the presence or absence of an experimenter .
hiscock ( 1977 ) therefore attempted to manipulate anxiety level experimentally and [as such] observe the interaction of this variable with the presence or absence of an experimenter .

The sight of the youth who had so displeased the detested recruiter and thereby jeopardized his future supply of coolies stopped Duclos in his tracks .
the sight of the youth who had so displeased the detested recruiter and [as such] jeopardized his future supply of coolies stopped duclos in his tracks .

Try to visualise the meaning of historical writing and thereby make the past come to life .
try to visualise the meaning of historical writing and [as such] make the past come to life .

Neither should quotations be used to express an opinion and thereby avoid expressing your own opinion or using your own words .
neither should quotations be used to express an opinion and [as such] avoid expressing your own opinion or using your own words .

Conscious of his pioneering role in this respect , and in thereby ‘ opening up ’ Siberia to the prospect of a more orderly and civically developed future , Speranskii compared himself , rather immodestly , with the traditional ‘ discoverer ’ of Siberia , Yermak .
conscious of his pioneering role in this respect , and in [as such] ‘ opening up ’ siberia to the prospect of a more orderly and civically developed future , speranskii compared himself , rather immodestly , with the traditional ‘ discoverer ’ of siberia , yermak .

While the government was to some extent successful in thereby isolating its opponents from their comrades in European Russia and elsewhere , the ‘ democratrization ’ of the political exile operation only served to disseminate the seeds and agents of revolutionary change in greater numbers and into the remotest corners of the empire .
while the government was to some extent successful in [as such] isolating its opponents from their comrades in european russia and elsewhere , the ‘ democratrization ’ of the political exile operation only served to disseminate the seeds and agents of revolutionary change in greater numbers and into the remotest corners of the empire .

He spoke of the state as mother , of the history of those who clung to the state as mother , of the psychology of those who wished to orphan themselves from the mother , of the novel oddity of a woman prime minister who was in fact a mother but was not nevertheless thereby motherly .
he spoke of the state as mother , of the history of those who clung to the state as mother , of the psychology of those who wished to orphan themselves from the mother , of the novel oddity of a woman prime minister who was in fact a mother but was not nevertheless [as such] motherly .

‘ It would be extra-ordinary and , in our opinion , unthinkable if the Court of Appeal ( Criminal Division ) were to be in a position thereafter to pronounce upon other grounds of appeal and thereby destroy the order of the House of Lords by again quashing the conviction . ’
‘ it would be extra-ordinary and , in our opinion , unthinkable if the court of appeal ( criminal division ) were to be in a position thereafter to pronounce upon other grounds of appeal and [as such] destroy the order of the house of lords by again quashing the conviction . ’

He states that ideology consists of the beliefs and values of a ruling group which ‘ obscures the real condition of society both to itself and others and thereby stabilizes it ’ .
he states that ideology consists of the beliefs and values of a ruling group which ‘ obscures the real condition of society both to itself and others and [as such] stabilizes it ’ .

Only when the means of production are communally owned will classes disappear , thereby bringing an end to the exploitation and oppression of some by others .
only when the means of production are communally owned will classes disappear , [as such] bringing an end to the exploitation and oppression of some by others .

Shortly stated , the main issue is whether a school which is over-subscribed so that it can not accept all the applications for admission can adopt religious criteria ( i.e. criteria intended to preserve the character of the school ) in selecting the successful applicants for admission and thereby exempt itself under section 6(3) ( a ) from the duty under section 6(2) to give effect to the preferences expressed by parents whose children do not meet such criteria .
shortly stated , the main issue is whether a school which is over-subscribed so that it can not accept all the applications for admission can adopt religious criteria ( i.e. criteria intended to preserve the character of the school ) in selecting the successful applicants for admission and [as such] exempt itself under section 6(3) ( a ) from the duty under section 6(2) to give effect to the preferences expressed by parents whose children do not meet such criteria .

The occasional wild and rash speculation that does lead to a novel , unlikely prediction , which is nevertheless confirmed by observation or experiment , will thereby become established as a highlight in the history of the growth of science .
the occasional wild and rash speculation that does lead to a novel , unlikely prediction , which is nevertheless confirmed by observation or experiment , will [as such] become established as a highlight in the history of the growth of science .

There will be no purely logical argument that demonstrates the superiority of one paradigm over another and that thereby compels a rational scientist to make the change .
there will be no purely logical argument that demonstrates the superiority of one paradigm over another and that [as such] compels a rational scientist to make the change .

It will not do to paint Themistokles as Kimon 's opponent on the issue of foreign policy principles — that is , as a medising Sparta-hater — and thereby to seek to explain his ostracism in 471 : it is now certain that very many ostraka were cast against him in the early 480s when his patriotism was not in question .
it will not do to paint themistokles as kimon 's opponent on the issue of foreign policy principles — that is , as a medising sparta-hater — and [as such] to seek to explain his ostracism in 471 : it is now certain that very many ostraka were cast against him in the early 480s when his patriotism was not in question .

When Thasos , under siege by Kimon , appealed to her for help , she offered ‘ secretly ’ ( but the offer was evidently everybody 's secret at Athens ) to invade Attica and thereby to relieve Thasos indirectly : Thuc .
when thasos , under siege by kimon , appealed to her for help , she offered ‘ secretly ’ ( but the offer was evidently everybody 's secret at athens ) to invade attica and [as such] to relieve thasos indirectly : thuc .

By not giving this to Athena , the Athenians were tactfully declining to cream off the best for the national goddess , thereby showing that all tribute that was collected was needed for utilitarian purposes .
by not giving this to athena , the athenians were tactfully declining to cream off the best for the national goddess , [as such] showing that all tribute that was collected was needed for utilitarian purposes .

This had no very radical consequences : it was dropped after a few years , Diodorus says ( xi.87 ) , because too many of the prominent citizens were thereby discouraged from engaging in political life .
this had no very radical consequences : it was dropped after a few years , diodorus says ( xi.87 ) , because too many of the prominent citizens were [as such] discouraged from engaging in political life .

This system was devised not just with political but with military arrangements in view , and this is another way in which city and countryside were brought together : the demes and trittyes were often arranged along , and clustered at the ends of , the strategic highways of Attica , thereby making for easy mobilization , with the agora of Athens as the place of muster .
this system was devised not just with political but with military arrangements in view , and this is another way in which city and countryside were brought together : the demes and trittyes were often arranged along , and clustered at the ends of , the strategic highways of attica , [as such] making for easy mobilization , with the agora of athens as the place of muster .

It has been argued that the jobs thereby created do not fit the aspirations of local residents and also perpetuate low incomes , since low wages may have been the initial attraction to employers .
it has been argued that the jobs [as such] created do not fit the aspirations of local residents and also perpetuate low incomes , since low wages may have been the initial attraction to employers .

Opponents of second homes argue that outsiders , being wealthier , can outbid locals for any specific property , thereby stimulating out-migration .
opponents of second homes argue that outsiders , being wealthier , can outbid locals for any specific property , [as such] stimulating out-migration .

It does not need , for that protection , to have the right to sue in defamation and thereby be able to stifle legitimate public criticism of its activities .
it does not need , for that protection , to have the right to sue in defamation and [as such] be able to stifle legitimate public criticism of its activities .

The evolutionary pressure for some exaggeration of fighting ability is present and many species puff themselves up in various ways , thereby making themselves look more fearsome than they really are .
the evolutionary pressure for some exaggeration of fighting ability is present and many species puff themselves up in various ways , [as such] making themselves look more fearsome than they really are .

It is possible that , if the signal was made even more dramatic by being supported by a set of feathers , the chances of a male getting a mate and thereby breeding might be even further enhanced .
it is possible that , if the signal was made even more dramatic by being supported by a set of feathers , the chances of a male getting a mate and [as such] breeding might be even further enhanced .

These monkeys produce alarm calls when one of their many predators approaches — thereby alerting other members of the group .
these monkeys produce alarm calls when one of their many predators approaches — [as such] alerting other members of the group .

In particular , it is the producer 's task to have ‘ the ear of the public ’ , thereby representing in the music the feelings and values of ‘ a kind of imaginary democracy ’ ( ibid : 160–1 , 188–92 ) .
in particular , it is the producer 's task to have ‘ the ear of the public ’ , [as such] representing in the music the feelings and values of ‘ a kind of imaginary democracy ’ ( ibid : 160–1 , 188–92 ) .

Clarke goes on to argue that Industrial Democracy as currently envisaged would actually tend to suppress industrial militancy and weaken entrenched working class resistance to capitalist control , thereby reducing the chances of ‘ genuine ’ workers ' control over production at some future date .
clarke goes on to argue that industrial democracy as currently envisaged would actually tend to suppress industrial militancy and weaken entrenched working class resistance to capitalist control , [as such] reducing the chances of ‘ genuine ’ workers ' control over production at some future date .

We have seen that the continual tendency and law of the development of the capitalist mode of production is more and more to divorce the means of production from labour , and more and more to concentrate the scattered means of production into large groups , thereby transforming labour into wage-labour and the means of production into capital ’ ( ibid . )
we have seen that the continual tendency and law of the development of the capitalist mode of production is more and more to divorce the means of production from labour , and more and more to concentrate the scattered means of production into large groups , [as such] transforming labour into wage-labour and the means of production into capital ’ ( ibid . )

The standard left response to the kind of argument put by Gaitskell was that the party should be ‘ more socialist ’ and would thereby gain more working class support , but it is not clear that the left opposition within the party had a political project which could have commanded mass popular support among the working class in the 1950s .
the standard left response to the kind of argument put by gaitskell was that the party should be ‘ more socialist ’ and would [as such] gain more working class support , but it is not clear that the left opposition within the party had a political project which could have commanded mass popular support among the working class in the 1950s .

‘ The court shall not be bound to allow the appeal on the ground merely of misdirection , or of the improper admission or rejection of evidence , unless in the opinion of the court substantial wrong or miscarriage has been thereby occasioned .
‘ the court shall not be bound to allow the appeal on the ground merely of misdirection , or of the improper admission or rejection of evidence , unless in the opinion of the court substantial wrong or miscarriage has been [as such] occasioned .

It had thereby perpetuated the peasants ' servile dependence on the nobles .
it had [as such] perpetuated the peasants ' servile dependence on the nobles .

As the population grew land rents soared , multiplying sixfold between Emancipation and the turn of the century , thereby enabling the nobility to cream off and fritter away a huge surplus from peasant labour .
as the population grew land rents soared , multiplying sixfold between emancipation and the turn of the century , [as such] enabling the nobility to cream off and fritter away a huge surplus from peasant labour .

The pattern was repeated again and again in the following decades , thereby creating an atmosphere of confrontation which encouraged a few incorrigible spirits to make a lifelong commitment to war against authority .
the pattern was repeated again and again in the following decades , [as such] creating an atmosphere of confrontation which encouraged a few incorrigible spirits to make a lifelong commitment to war against authority .

2 ; see below , Chapter 3 ) argued that one function of the criminal law and punishment was to reinforce the conscience collective of society and thereby ensure that members of society continued to refrain from crime .
2 ; see below , chapter 3 ) argued that one function of the criminal law and punishment was to reinforce the conscience collective of society and [as such] ensure that members of society continued to refrain from crime .

The claim is therefore that denunciatory punishment is justified even if it has no good consequences such as educating the public conscience and thereby reducing the amount of crime .
the claim is therefore that denunciatory punishment is justified even if it has no good consequences such as educating the public conscience and [as such] reducing the amount of crime .

The commission of crimes against them will have the effect of diminishing their positive freedom , to which they also have a right ; for example crimes of injurious violence reduce the victims ' freedom to operate physically free from pain , while property offences will deprive them of resources and thereby remove their freedom to choose to act in ways which require the use of those resources .
the commission of crimes against them will have the effect of diminishing their positive freedom , to which they also have a right ; for example crimes of injurious violence reduce the victims ' freedom to operate physically free from pain , while property offences will deprive them of resources and [as such] remove their freedom to choose to act in ways which require the use of those resources .

The general justification for having a system of punishment must therefore be forward-looking and primarily reductivist : based on the claim that punishment does something to reduce the incidence of crime , and thereby prevents the diminution of some other people 's positive freedom .
the general justification for having a system of punishment must therefore be forward-looking and primarily reductivist : based on the claim that punishment does something to reduce the incidence of crime , and [as such] prevents the diminution of some other people 's positive freedom .

We think that retributivists and denunciationists are right to insist that there is no justification for punishing someone who has not deliberately and wrongfully broken a just law and thereby exercised a freedom to which they are not entitled ( because to do so has diminished other people 's freedom or has threatened to do so ) .
we think that retributivists and denunciationists are right to insist that there is no justification for punishing someone who has not deliberately and wrongfully broken a just law and [as such] exercised a freedom to which they are not entitled ( because to do so has diminished other people 's freedom or has threatened to do so ) .

It successfully produces delinquents , creating a criminal section of the population and thereby dividing the subordinate classes into mutually antagonistic fractions .
it successfully produces delinquents , creating a criminal section of the population and [as such] dividing the subordinate classes into mutually antagonistic fractions .

One obvious reason for the persistence of pronounced regional anomalies on this scale is the fact that the guidance contained in the 1976 Act still affords massive scope for the exercise of discretion by magistrates , thereby enabling different policies to be pursued in individual court areas .
one obvious reason for the persistence of pronounced regional anomalies on this scale is the fact that the guidance contained in the 1976 act still affords massive scope for the exercise of discretion by magistrates , [as such] enabling different policies to be pursued in individual court areas .

Firstly , it seems highly likely that even apparent disparities in the way offenders are treated will fuel resentment and thereby contribute to the feelings of injustice which lie at the heart of the penal system 's crisis of legitimacy .
firstly , it seems highly likely that even apparent disparities in the way offenders are treated will fuel resentment and [as such] contribute to the feelings of injustice which lie at the heart of the penal system 's crisis of legitimacy .

Secondly , and more importantly , the fact that some courts get by with comparatively few custodial sentences suggests that it would be perfectly possible for other courts to reduce their custody rates to this level , and thereby reduce the prison population .
secondly , and more importantly , the fact that some courts get by with comparatively few custodial sentences suggests that it would be perfectly possible for other courts to reduce their custody rates to this level , and [as such] reduce the prison population .

( It was used to make a `` gun-shot `` by being popped at the right moment , thereby creating the wrong time for the murder .
( it was used to make a `` gun-shot `` by being popped at the right moment , [as such] creating the wrong time for the murder .

Some say that ignorance of the law is no excuse , since any man can say that he did not know , and gain exception thereby .
some say that ignorance of the law is no excuse , since any man can say that he did not know , and gain exception [as such] .

One of the French girls at her Swiss boarding school had told her that boys liked a girl to have a ‘ poitrine ’ and they became very excited when they touched a girl 's breast ; this , she had maintained , explained the fashion for dresses which made a girl look flat-chested — so that as many as possible would not inflame men 's passions and would thereby remain virgins .
one of the french girls at her swiss boarding school had told her that boys liked a girl to have a ‘ poitrine ’ and they became very excited when they touched a girl 's breast ; this , she had maintained , explained the fashion for dresses which made a girl look flat-chested — so that as many as possible would not inflame men 's passions and would [as such] remain virgins .

If there is a market in index futures , such traders can take a short position by selling futures , thereby impounding their information about bad news into the futures price .
if there is a market in index futures , such traders can take a short position by selling futures , [as such] impounding their information about bad news into the futures price .

The plaintiff also failed in his claim in Rickards v. Lothian where some third person deliberately blocked up the waste-pipe of a lavatory basin in the defendant 's premises , thereby flooding the plaintiff 's premises .
the plaintiff also failed in his claim in rickards v. lothian where some third person deliberately blocked up the waste-pipe of a lavatory basin in the defendant 's premises , [as such] flooding the plaintiff 's premises .

To the extent that these regulations impose absolute duties they may , accordingly , provide any persons injured thereby with an effective civil remedy .
to the extent that these regulations impose absolute duties they may , accordingly , provide any persons injured [as such] with an effective civil remedy .

The recovery of consequential loss is illustrated by Bodley v. Reynolds , where a carpenter 's tools were converted and he was thereby prevented from working .
the recovery of consequential loss is illustrated by bodley v. reynolds , where a carpenter 's tools were converted and he was [as such] prevented from working .

On the other hand , if one of the parties is actuated merely by hatred or vindictive spite he may be liable and if the others are aware of this and lend him their assistance they too may thereby become participants in the wrong .
on the other hand , if one of the parties is actuated merely by hatred or vindictive spite he may be liable and if the others are aware of this and lend him their assistance they too may [as such] become participants in the wrong .

The facts to be assumed by the House of Lords for the purposes of the appeal were that Shell and others had , in breach of the sanctions order , covertly supplied Southern Rhodesia with oil by other means and thereby prolonged the state of illegal independence and the time during which Lonrho 's pipeline was out of use .
the facts to be assumed by the house of lords for the purposes of the appeal were that shell and others had , in breach of the sanctions order , covertly supplied southern rhodesia with oil by other means and [as such] prolonged the state of illegal independence and the time during which lonrho 's pipeline was out of use .

’ The word ‘ only ’ is important , for the protection is thereby confined to cases in which the defendant commits no other , incidental tort to procure the breach of contract .
’ the word ‘ only ’ is important , for the protection is [as such] confined to cases in which the defendant commits no other , incidental tort to procure the breach of contract .

The other important feature of this Act was that it legitimized expenditure on secondary and technical schools , and thereby stimulated the growth of this element of state education .
the other important feature of this act was that it legitimized expenditure on secondary and technical schools , and [as such] stimulated the growth of this element of state education .

But the substitution of ‘ unofficial ’ or ‘ official ’ goals may be a product of recognition that more ‘ worthwhile ’ activities may thereby be undertaken .
but the substitution of ‘ unofficial ’ or ‘ official ’ goals may be a product of recognition that more ‘ worthwhile ’ activities may [as such] be undertaken .

Relate ( formerly Marriage Guidance ) , is a voluntary organization with a national council , coordinating the activities of local councils , which aims to promote successful marriage and parenthood and thereby helps to maintain family welfare by improving marital relationships .
relate ( formerly marriage guidance ) , is a voluntary organization with a national council , coordinating the activities of local councils , which aims to promote successful marriage and parenthood and [as such] helps to maintain family welfare by improving marital relationships .

Many patients who thereby benefit from continuation of treatment as a condition of discharge from hospital are able to resume relationships and activities that would be hazardous without such treatment .
many patients who [as such] benefit from continuation of treatment as a condition of discharge from hospital are able to resume relationships and activities that would be hazardous without such treatment .

There are other reasons why women are unable to build up sufficient National Insurance contributions and are thereby denied access to unemployment benefit .
there are other reasons why women are unable to build up sufficient national insurance contributions and are [as such] denied access to unemployment benefit .

When the patterns of resource allocation within these unmarried sibling households were examined , it was apparent that the brothers ' higher earnings were making a substantially greater contribution to the housekeeping , thereby creating a degree of financial dependency for their unmarried sisters which was little different to the dependency of the married women carers on their earning husbands .
when the patterns of resource allocation within these unmarried sibling households were examined , it was apparent that the brothers ' higher earnings were making a substantially greater contribution to the housekeeping , [as such] creating a degree of financial dependency for their unmarried sisters which was little different to the dependency of the married women carers on their earning husbands .

This would compensate for the extra costs and disadvantages of disability , and thereby help to reduce the disparity experienced by many older women between their needs and resources .
this would compensate for the extra costs and disadvantages of disability , and [as such] help to reduce the disparity experienced by many older women between their needs and resources .

Walsh dropped him at long leg off Ambrose on 22 then , at 66 , crucially , David Williams , another first-timer at this level alongside Adams and Benjamin , floored a regulation catch behind , thereby allowing Hudson further demonstrations of a trademark straight drive .
walsh dropped him at long leg off ambrose on 22 then , at 66 , crucially , david williams , another first-timer at this level alongside adams and benjamin , floored a regulation catch behind , [as such] allowing hudson further demonstrations of a trademark straight drive .

Their extracellular domains are very like those of cadherin but their cytoplasmic domains differ , being specialised for forming desmosomal plaques and , thereby , attachment to the keratin intermediate filament cytoskeleton rather than to actin .
their extracellular domains are very like those of cadherin but their cytoplasmic domains differ , being specialised for forming desmosomal plaques and , [as such] , attachment to the keratin intermediate filament cytoskeleton rather than to actin .

To determine the mechanisms and thereby appropriate management for apparent life threatening events treated with cardiopulmonary resuscitation in infants and young children .
to determine the mechanisms and [as such] appropriate management for apparent life threatening events treated with cardiopulmonary resuscitation in infants and young children .

Skin po 2 was the only variable to register an alarm , thereby identifying sudden hypoxaemic episodes to the parent .
skin po 2 was the only variable to register an alarm , [as such] identifying sudden hypoxaemic episodes to the parent .

The following patterns , and thereby potential mechanisms , were observed .
the following patterns , and [as such] potential mechanisms , were observed .

Thirdly , the directive that care managers should not themselves give direct care runs counter to the core of good social work practice and creates a new corps of care administrators , thereby reducing the number of staff available to give direct care .
thirdly , the directive that care managers should not themselves give direct care runs counter to the core of good social work practice and creates a new corps of care administrators , [as such] reducing the number of staff available to give direct care .

It is assumed that if all medical services are the responsibility of one level of government , then there will be no perverse incentive to close outpatient departments and thereby shift the cost from state to federal funds .
it is assumed that if all medical services are the responsibility of one level of government , then there will be no perverse incentive to close outpatient departments and [as such] shift the cost from state to federal funds .

There was a Soiree in the spring of 1887 and again in 1888 at which `` only a few psalms were to be sung , thereby keeping clear of any danger that might creep into our churches by hymns or any other kind of pieces of music . ``
there was a soiree in the spring of 1887 and again in 1888 at which `` only a few psalms were to be sung , [as such] keeping clear of any danger that might creep into our churches by hymns or any other kind of pieces of music . ``

There was a Soiree in the spring of 1887 and again in 1888 at which `` only a few psalms were to be sung , thereby keeping clear of any danger that might creep into our churches by hymns or any other kind of pieces of music . ``
there was a soiree in the spring of 1887 and again in 1888 at which `` only a few psalms were to be sung , [as such] keeping clear of any danger that might creep into our churches by hymns or any other kind of pieces of music . ``

Modern scientific medicine has of course dispensed with such speculative constructs , but thereby it may also have sacrificed therapeutic insights available to our renaissance predecessors .
modern scientific medicine has of course dispensed with such speculative constructs , but [as such] it may also have sacrificed therapeutic insights available to our renaissance predecessors .

Copies of optometry feedback are sent to the patient 's general practitioner , who is thereby kept informed of eye assessments .
copies of optometry feedback are sent to the patient 's general practitioner , who is [as such] kept informed of eye assessments .

Dementia sufferers may be more likely to start fires thereby endangering other tenants in a block .
dementia sufferers may be more likely to start fires [as such] endangering other tenants in a block .

They can thereby create patient expectation of the level of demand that will be serviced .
they can [as such] create patient expectation of the level of demand that will be serviced .

Confronted with such a situation , with no sure indication as to how , if at all , a satisfactory clarification of particular identity might be found , we might be tempted to think that the best course to follow is to try and see if we can make do without relying on this awkward and intractable concept . Why , it might be asked , is the concept of particular-identity , as distinct from purely species-identity , at all necessary for a complete description of the world ? Might it not be possible to interpret all references to ontological existents along Platonist lines in terms of references to species of one kind or another , and the characteristics of species ; thereby providing a proof that the basic ontological existents are , in fact , species , and that the " problem of individuality " , in the final analysis , reduces to the problem of species ( or quite generally : qualitative ) identity ?
confronted with such a situation , with no sure indication as to how , if at all , a satisfactory clarification of particular identity might be found , we might be tempted to think that the best course to follow is to try and see if we can make do without relying on this awkward and intractable concept . why , it might be asked , is the concept of particular-identity , as distinct from purely species-identity , at all necessary for a complete description of the world ? might it not be possible to interpret all references to ontological existents along platonist lines in terms of references to species of one kind or another , and the characteristics of species ; [as such] providing a proof that the basic ontological existents are , in fact , species , and that the " problem of individuality " , in the final analysis , reduces to the problem of species ( or quite generally : qualitative ) identity ?

Minton 's intention , it seems , was to establish a sexual relationship with Henrietta and thereby reorder the balance in their triangular friendship .
minton 's intention , it seems , was to establish a sexual relationship with henrietta and [as such] reorder the balance in their triangular friendship .

Beth has practised her craft , of course , and as she reads the second line of each poem , thereby confirming the piece 's rhythm , the children look up expectantly .
beth has practised her craft , of course , and as she reads the second line of each poem , [as such] confirming the piece 's rhythm , the children look up expectantly .

On the one hand , the state has to ensure the continuation of the accumulation of capital ; on the other , it has to appear as a neutral arbiter of interests , thereby preserving its own legitimacy .
on the one hand , the state has to ensure the continuation of the accumulation of capital ; on the other , it has to appear as a neutral arbiter of interests , [as such] preserving its own legitimacy .

As religion is the whole way of life so it affects individual social relationships across the ethnic boundaries thereby leading to Pakistanis ’ encapsulation ' ( pp .
as religion is the whole way of life so it affects individual social relationships across the ethnic boundaries [as such] leading to pakistanis ’ encapsulation ' ( pp .

For example , many of our social policies ‘ embody assumptions about the nature of families and thereby influence what families are expected to be ’ ( Parker , 1982 ) .
for example , many of our social policies ‘ embody assumptions about the nature of families and [as such] influence what families are expected to be ’ ( parker , 1982 ) .

Experience can confirm theories , and thereby confirm the sentences of which the theories are constructed , but it can not confirm those sentences singly and directly .
experience can confirm theories , and [as such] confirm the sentences of which the theories are constructed , but it can not confirm those sentences singly and directly .

In monetary terms it made a lot more sense to extend episode numbers within a serial , thereby getting more television hours with fewer changes in location .
in monetary terms it made a lot more sense to extend episode numbers within a serial , [as such] getting more television hours with fewer changes in location .

The script was commissioned quickly to replace Coburn 's dropped ‘ The Robots ’ story and thereby maintain the balance between historical and futuristic adventures , and production was scheduled and slotted to follow on a week later from ‘ The Tribe of Gum ’ .
the script was commissioned quickly to replace coburn 's dropped ‘ the robots ’ story and [as such] maintain the balance between historical and futuristic adventures , and production was scheduled and slotted to follow on a week later from ‘ the tribe of gum ’ .

Recently he had been intrigued by a paper proposing the development of an atomic weapon designed to kill people through massive exposure to radioactive fallout , but with a limited blast capability , thereby keeping buildings relatively intact — the Neutron Bomb .
recently he had been intrigued by a paper proposing the development of an atomic weapon designed to kill people through massive exposure to radioactive fallout , but with a limited blast capability , [as such] keeping buildings relatively intact — the neutron bomb .

With no-one wishing to appear insensitive or dull-witted the audience gives an enthusiastic response , thereby upsetting Nero .
with no-one wishing to appear insensitive or dull-witted the audience gives an enthusiastic response , [as such] upsetting nero .

Like a magician 's cabinet ( on which it was based ) , any Dalek going through its portal would cause a series of panels to flip round , thereby giving the impression it had vanished without it being obvious how it had vanished .
like a magician 's cabinet ( on which it was based ) , any dalek going through its portal would cause a series of panels to flip round , [as such] giving the impression it had vanished without it being obvious how it had vanished .

Another electronic effect , pioneered for this story , and thereafter used in all subsequent Dalek serials , was the Dalek extermination effect-a very simple trick of opening a camera 's aperture too wide , thereby admitting in too much light , swamping the camera 's electronics and causing it to send back to the gallery a negative image .
another electronic effect , pioneered for this story , and thereafter used in all subsequent dalek serials , was the dalek extermination effect-a very simple trick of opening a camera 's aperture too wide , [as such] admitting in too much light , swamping the camera 's electronics and causing it to send back to the gallery a negative image .

McLaren , desperate to complete the film , had no option but to agree , thereby effectively signing away his control of the Sex Pistols ' future .
mclaren , desperate to complete the film , had no option but to agree , [as such] effectively signing away his control of the sex pistols ' future .

Whenever her husband was away , he pressed dinner invitations on her , always in the company of friends , and thereby immune to suggestion or danger .
whenever her husband was away , he pressed dinner invitations on her , always in the company of friends , and [as such] immune to suggestion or danger .

One was that the principal Atra artist , Keith Hudson , began to express a wish privately to sign to Virgin direct , thereby increasing his own percentage .
one was that the principal atra artist , keith hudson , began to express a wish privately to sign to virgin direct , [as such] increasing his own percentage .

‘ 1 . the existence of a duty to take care , which is owed by the defendant to the complainant ; 2. the failure to attain that standard of care , prescribed by the law , thereby committing a breach of such duty ; and 3. damage , which is both causally connected with such breach and recognised by the law , has been occasioned to the complainant : ’
‘ 1 . the existence of a duty to take care , which is owed by the defendant to the complainant ; 2. the failure to attain that standard of care , prescribed by the law , [as such] committing a breach of such duty ; and 3. damage , which is both causally connected with such breach and recognised by the law , has been occasioned to the complainant : ’

… If in such a case the circumstances be such at the time when the act or neglect occurs that it should reasonably be foreseen that the person in fact injured thereby might be so injured , then at the time of the injury a relationship giving rise to a duty exists .
… if in such a case the circumstances be such at the time when the act or neglect occurs that it should reasonably be foreseen that the person in fact injured [as such] might be so injured , then at the time of the injury a relationship giving rise to a duty exists .

It applies if in all the circumstances it would be an affront to the public conscience to grant the plaintiff the relief which he seeks because the court would thereby appear to assist or encourage the plaintiff in his illegal conduct or to encourage others in similar acts : see ( 2 ) ( iii ) below .
it applies if in all the circumstances it would be an affront to the public conscience to grant the plaintiff the relief which he seeks because the court would [as such] appear to assist or encourage the plaintiff in his illegal conduct or to encourage others in similar acts : see ( 2 ) ( iii ) below .

That was a case in which the mother of the infant , then pregnant with the infant , was being carried as a passenger in a train of the railway company in County Down when she fell by the negligence , it was said , of the railway company and the infant was thereby permanently injured and born crippled and deformed .
that was a case in which the mother of the infant , then pregnant with the infant , was being carried as a passenger in a train of the railway company in county down when she fell by the negligence , it was said , of the railway company and the infant was [as such] permanently injured and born crippled and deformed .

As to the defendants ' claim for commission , even if a breach of fiduciary duty by the defendants had been proved , they would not thereby have lost their right to commission unless they had acted dishonestly .
as to the defendants ' claim for commission , even if a breach of fiduciary duty by the defendants had been proved , they would not [as such] have lost their right to commission unless they had acted dishonestly .

( 5 ) In respect of any orders for payment of standard basis costs by the plaintiffs to the defendants that have already been made it is , as we understand it , common ground that the court was not thereby purporting to deprive the defendants of any costs which they were contractually entitled to add to their security .
( 5 ) in respect of any orders for payment of standard basis costs by the plaintiffs to the defendants that have already been made it is , as we understand it , common ground that the court was not [as such] purporting to deprive the defendants of any costs which they were contractually entitled to add to their security .

( 3 ) That on the taking of the said accounts and inquiry costs of and incidental to proceedings on an indemnity basis are not to be disallowed on the ground that an order has already been made for costs of and incidental to those proceedings to be taxed on a standard basis unless it should appear that in making the said order the court intended thereby to deprive the defendants of the right to add those costs or some part thereof to the mortgage security .
( 3 ) that on the taking of the said accounts and inquiry costs of and incidental to proceedings on an indemnity basis are not to be disallowed on the ground that an order has already been made for costs of and incidental to those proceedings to be taxed on a standard basis unless it should appear that in making the said order the court intended [as such] to deprive the defendants of the right to add those costs or some part thereof to the mortgage security .

By a notice of appeal dated 18 February 1991 the second defendant appealed on the grounds , inter alia , that the judge erred ( 1 ) in concluding that the first defendant was not acting as the plaintiffs ' agent when he procured the signature of the second defendant to the legal charge dated 3 July 1987 ; and ( 2 ) in not finding that the execution of the charge was procured by the undue influence and material misrepresentation of the first defendant and thereby in not setting aside the charge .
by a notice of appeal dated 18 february 1991 the second defendant appealed on the grounds , inter alia , that the judge erred ( 1 ) in concluding that the first defendant was not acting as the plaintiffs ' agent when he procured the signature of the second defendant to the legal charge dated 3 july 1987 ; and ( 2 ) in not finding that the execution of the charge was procured by the undue influence and material misrepresentation of the first defendant and [as such] in not setting aside the charge .

‘ Clearly it operates against the person who is able to exercise the influence ( in this case it was the father ) and … it would operate against every … person who claimed under him with notice of the equity thereby created , or with notice of the circumstances from which the court infers the equity . But … it would operate against no others ; …
‘ clearly it operates against the person who is able to exercise the influence ( in this case it was the father ) and … it would operate against every … person who claimed under him with notice of the equity [as such] created , or with notice of the circumstances from which the court infers the equity . but … it would operate against no others ; …

No explanation of the effect of the charge or of the sum intended to be thereby secured was offered to her .
no explanation of the effect of the charge or of the sum intended to be [as such] secured was offered to her .

Clearly it operates against the person who is able to exercise the influence ( in this case it was the father ) and , in my judgment , it would operate against every volunteer who claimed under him , and also against every person who claimed under him with notice of the equity thereby created , or with notice of the circumstances from which the court infers the equity .
clearly it operates against the person who is able to exercise the influence ( in this case it was the father ) and , in my judgment , it would operate against every volunteer who claimed under him , and also against every person who claimed under him with notice of the equity [as such] created , or with notice of the circumstances from which the court infers the equity .

The respondent , without authority , keyed commands into a computer and thereby obtained by means of the same computer a discount , to which he was not entitled , on goods being purchased at a supplier .
the respondent , without authority , keyed commands into a computer and [as such] obtained by means of the same computer a discount , to which he was not entitled , on goods being purchased at a supplier .

‘ as from the date when the tenant 's estate and interest in the lease shall be assigned to it pursuant to the licence hereinbefore contained and thenceforth during the residue of the term granted by the lease the assignee will pay the rent thereby reserved and observe and perform the covenants and conditions on the part of the lessee therein contained and in particular without prejudice to the foregoing the assignee will not assign or transfer underlet or part with possession of the premises demised by the lease without the consent in writing of the landlord for that purpose had and obtained .
‘ as from the date when the tenant 's estate and interest in the lease shall be assigned to it pursuant to the licence hereinbefore contained and thenceforth during the residue of the term granted by the lease the assignee will pay the rent [as such] reserved and observe and perform the covenants and conditions on the part of the lessee therein contained and in particular without prejudice to the foregoing the assignee will not assign or transfer underlet or part with possession of the premises demised by the lease without the consent in writing of the landlord for that purpose had and obtained .

‘ But we do not proceed on some of the grounds mentioned at the bar , such as the effect of the plaintiff 's alteration of the instrument as making it void , or that the defendant thereby lost his right to contribution from the joint makers of the note ; nor on any doctrine as to the relation of principal and surety .
‘ but we do not proceed on some of the grounds mentioned at the bar , such as the effect of the plaintiff 's alteration of the instrument as making it void , or that the defendant [as such] lost his right to contribution from the joint makers of the note ; nor on any doctrine as to the relation of principal and surety .

The Act of 1988 was not designed to make sure that the United Kingdom fishing quotas actually benefited the persons who were intended to benefit thereby .
the act of 1988 was not designed to make sure that the united kingdom fishing quotas actually benefited the persons who were intended to benefit [as such] .

The Crown submitted that , even if the defendant 's approach be accepted , the defence could not exclude admissible evidence , even if proper notice of it had not been given , and further argued that Zaidie 's evidence ( confirmed by the defendant ) that an accident was not suggested in the telephone call to him was conclusive when taken with the incontrovertible circumstances of the shooting , thereby suggesting that the ‘ irregularities ’ were not material in the sense that the defence could have profited if they had not occurred .
the crown submitted that , even if the defendant 's approach be accepted , the defence could not exclude admissible evidence , even if proper notice of it had not been given , and further argued that zaidie 's evidence ( confirmed by the defendant ) that an accident was not suggested in the telephone call to him was conclusive when taken with the incontrovertible circumstances of the shooting , [as such] suggesting that the ‘ irregularities ’ were not material in the sense that the defence could have profited if they had not occurred .

The words ‘ prevent ’ and ‘ independently ’ convey clearly to my mind that the prosecuting authorities regarded themselves as inhibited for all practical purposes from making use of material disclosed in consequence of the court order and that they felt free to pursue their own inquiries and to use material thereby discovered .
the words ‘ prevent ’ and ‘ independently ’ convey clearly to my mind that the prosecuting authorities regarded themselves as inhibited for all practical purposes from making use of material disclosed in consequence of the court order and that they felt free to pursue their own inquiries and to use material [as such] discovered .

By a notice of motion dated 14 February 1992 the local authority appealed against those parts of the order which directed that there should be no contact between the father and the girl until after the local authority review and that there should be supervised contact between the girl and her half-sister , on the grounds that ( 1 ) the justices had been wrong in law in failing to invite the parties to comment on the agreed proposals for contact ; ( 2 ) the justices had been wrong in law in failing to indicate to the parties the nature of the orders for contact which they proposed to make , thereby depriving the parties of the opportunity to make submissions relating to those proposals ; ( 3 ) the justices had wrongly exercised their discretion in authorising the local authority to refuse contact to the girl by the father for only six months when they had found as a fact , inter alia , that the father had abused the girl over a period of at least 18 months ; ( 4 ) the justices had been wrong to impose the condition of supervision on contact between the girl and her half-sister when there had been no application for such contact to be supervised , the evidence was that the half-sister had been enjoying unsupervised contact and that there was no evidence that there was any risk of the girl coming into contact with her father while having contact with her half-sister , and the justices had heard evidence that the local authority were considering placing the girl with her half-sister and by their order they had precluded the local authority from making such a placement and had fettered the discretion of the local authority ; and ( 5 ) the order was therefore contrary to the girl 's best interests .
by a notice of motion dated 14 february 1992 the local authority appealed against those parts of the order which directed that there should be no contact between the father and the girl until after the local authority review and that there should be supervised contact between the girl and her half-sister , on the grounds that ( 1 ) the justices had been wrong in law in failing to invite the parties to comment on the agreed proposals for contact ; ( 2 ) the justices had been wrong in law in failing to indicate to the parties the nature of the orders for contact which they proposed to make , [as such] depriving the parties of the opportunity to make submissions relating to those proposals ; ( 3 ) the justices had wrongly exercised their discretion in authorising the local authority to refuse contact to the girl by the father for only six months when they had found as a fact , inter alia , that the father had abused the girl over a period of at least 18 months ; ( 4 ) the justices had been wrong to impose the condition of supervision on contact between the girl and her half-sister when there had been no application for such contact to be supervised , the evidence was that the half-sister had been enjoying unsupervised contact and that there was no evidence that there was any risk of the girl coming into contact with her father while having contact with her half-sister , and the justices had heard evidence that the local authority were considering placing the girl with her half-sister and by their order they had precluded the local authority from making such a placement and had fettered the discretion of the local authority ; and ( 5 ) the order was therefore contrary to the girl 's best interests .

In the Torfaen judgment the Court ruled , in relation to similar national legislation prohibiting the opening of retail shops on Sundays , that such a prohibition was not compatible with the principle of the free movement of goods provided for in the Treaty unless any obstacles to Community trade thereby created did not exceed what was necessary in order to ensure the attainment of the objective in view and unless that objective was justified with regard to Community law .
in the torfaen judgment the court ruled , in relation to similar national legislation prohibiting the opening of retail shops on sundays , that such a prohibition was not compatible with the principle of the free movement of goods provided for in the treaty unless any obstacles to community trade [as such] created did not exceed what was necessary in order to ensure the attainment of the objective in view and unless that objective was justified with regard to community law .

‘ only to the extent that ( a ) in the state of execution the execution of the letter does not fall within the functions of the judiciary ; or ( b ) the state addressed considers that its sovereignty or security would be prejudiced thereby .
‘ only to the extent that ( a ) in the state of execution the execution of the letter does not fall within the functions of the judiciary ; or ( b ) the state addressed considers that its sovereignty or security would be prejudiced [as such] .

‘ The tenancy shall continue until the said land is required by the council for the purposes of the widening of Walworth Road and the street paving works rendered necessary thereby and the council shall give two months ' notice to the tenant at least prior to the day of determination when the said land is so required and thereupon the tenant shall give vacant possession to the council of the said land …
‘ the tenancy shall continue until the said land is required by the council for the purposes of the widening of walworth road and the street paving works rendered necessary [as such] and the council shall give two months ' notice to the tenant at least prior to the day of determination when the said land is so required and thereupon the tenant shall give vacant possession to the council of the said land …

So the judge was calling a witness who was an important link in the prosecution case and was thereby assisting in making that case .
so the judge was calling a witness who was an important link in the prosecution case and was [as such] assisting in making that case .

’ Further their Lordships have no doubt that when Lord Bridge , after quoting the guiding principle , gave certain examples he was not intending thereby to lay down an exhaustive list of tests to be applied in all cases in determining whether or not profits arose in or derived from Hong Kong .
’ further their lordships have no doubt that when lord bridge , after quoting the guiding principle , gave certain examples he was not intending [as such] to lay down an exhaustive list of tests to be applied in all cases in determining whether or not profits arose in or derived from hong kong .

This is steel sheet with a thin coating of tin fused to its surface , thereby combining the strength of steel and the corrosion resistance of tin .
this is steel sheet with a thin coating of tin fused to its surface , [as such] combining the strength of steel and the corrosion resistance of tin .

On the other hand , there are some sufferers from addictive disease — Particularly cocaine users — who may for quite some time be highly respectable and law-abiding and thereby wrongly assume that they are not addicted .
on the other hand , there are some sufferers from addictive disease — particularly cocaine users — who may for quite some time be highly respectable and law-abiding and [as such] wrongly assume that they are not addicted .

This identification and sense of hope are technically possible in the home situation or in hospital but here is a serious risk that family members or medical and nursing staff will , by their own concerned actions intended to help the sufferer to eat , actually thereby enable the addictive disease to continue : there are few hinge the disease likes more than getting other people ( rather than the primary sufferer ) to take responsibility .
this identification and sense of hope are technically possible in the home situation or in hospital but here is a serious risk that family members or medical and nursing staff will , by their own concerned actions intended to help the sufferer to eat , actually [as such] enable the addictive disease to continue : there are few hinge the disease likes more than getting other people ( rather than the primary sufferer ) to take responsibility .

Hopefully , by the time the lingering effects of physical addiction have worn off , there will be sufficient group cohesion and peer pressure to persuade the sufferer to stay in treatment and thereby counter-act the urge to believe that the problems were all a lot of fuss about nothing .
hopefully , by the time the lingering effects of physical addiction have worn off , there will be sufficient group cohesion and peer pressure to persuade the sufferer to stay in treatment and [as such] counter-act the urge to believe that the problems were all a lot of fuss about nothing .

This is why the annual sales forecast that `` drives `` operational and budgetary planning may be subject to monthly revisions , thereby minimising the impact of forecasting error .
this is why the annual sales forecast that `` drives `` operational and budgetary planning may be subject to monthly revisions , [as such] minimising the impact of forecasting error .

This is hardly surprising where the supplier consistently meets the customer 's needs , and where the customer buys a wide variety of products from many different suppliers thereby incurring a major management and monitoring task .
this is hardly surprising where the supplier consistently meets the customer 's needs , and where the customer buys a wide variety of products from many different suppliers [as such] incurring a major management and monitoring task .

These recits are the most interesting of Guedron 's works ; it was he who was responsible for introducing them in place of spoken dialogue , thereby taking the ballet de cour a significant step nearer to opera , particularly in the Ballet de la Délivrance de Renaud ( 1617 ) ( see also p. 322 , n. 44 ) and Ballet du Roy sur L'Adventure de Tancrède en la forest enchantée ( 1619 ) .
these recits are the most interesting of guedron 's works ; it was he who was responsible for introducing them in place of spoken dialogue , [as such] taking the ballet de cour a significant step nearer to opera , particularly in the ballet de la délivrance de renaud ( 1617 ) ( see also p. 322 , n. 44 ) and ballet du roy sur l'adventure de tancrède en la forest enchantée ( 1619 ) .

Chris and Owen often indulge in brief physical exchanges apparently designed to communicate acceptance and friendliness and thereby reinforce the consensual nature of social control .
chris and owen often indulge in brief physical exchanges apparently designed to communicate acceptance and friendliness and [as such] reinforce the consensual nature of social control .

This has enabled staff to match their management techniques to an agreed standard and children have thereby experienced a more consistent approach .
this has enabled staff to match their management techniques to an agreed standard and children have [as such] experienced a more consistent approach .

The system has been continuously discussed and amended in the light of experience and has also thereby provided a most valuable focus for staff support and development .
the system has been continuously discussed and amended in the light of experience and has also [as such] provided a most valuable focus for staff support and development .

the reduction achievable in any one period by increasing efficiency through the use of larger production plants , thereby spreading infrastructure costs over more units of output .
the reduction achievable in any one period by increasing efficiency through the use of larger production plants , [as such] spreading infrastructure costs over more units of output .

One of the advantages claimed for this approach to separating off productivity measurement is that it can be done from conventional accounting statements , thereby providing , as Hayzen says , the link between productivity and profit calculations .
one of the advantages claimed for this approach to separating off productivity measurement is that it can be done from conventional accounting statements , [as such] providing , as hayzen says , the link between productivity and profit calculations .

Under a system without work-in-progress and finished-goods stock accounts all costs become period costs — thereby overcoming the age-old incentive , under absorption costing , to produce for stock to increase current profit without full regard for the impact on future reported profits .
under a system without work-in-progress and finished-goods stock accounts all costs become period costs — [as such] overcoming the age-old incentive , under absorption costing , to produce for stock to increase current profit without full regard for the impact on future reported profits .

The man who did the job , thereby impressing Bernard greatly , was Dai Jones , working at the time as a service engineer for domestic appliances .
the man who did the job , [as such] impressing bernard greatly , was dai jones , working at the time as a service engineer for domestic appliances .

This also had the effect of keeping prices down , thereby benefiting the customer .
this also had the effect of keeping prices down , [as such] benefiting the customer .

The more successful the shops became , the more the branch managers reported back on those lines which sold well , thereby wielding a power which Laura did not at first wish to accept .
the more successful the shops became , the more the branch managers reported back on those lines which sold well , [as such] wielding a power which laura did not at first wish to accept .

Significantly , the Robbins Report recommended that the universities ' share should rise to 60 per cent , or 336,000 , in 1981 , thereby leaving 224,000 for the public sector .
significantly , the robbins report recommended that the universities ' share should rise to 60 per cent , or 336,000 , in 1981 , [as such] leaving 224,000 for the public sector .

Clearly , art and design education of this sort can provide adults with a great deal of stimulus and pleasure , thereby enriching their lives .
clearly , art and design education of this sort can provide adults with a great deal of stimulus and pleasure , [as such] enriching their lives .

The choice would be whether to draw one pair of curtains to stack back on the walls beside the windows , thus exposing the corner , or to have two separate pairs of curtains that draw from the centre of each window and thereby cover the corner area with fabric .
the choice would be whether to draw one pair of curtains to stack back on the walls beside the windows , thus exposing the corner , or to have two separate pairs of curtains that draw from the centre of each window and [as such] cover the corner area with fabric .

In certain instances , the length of your particular track may not coincide with a balanced pleating arrangement because of the pre-determined size of the pleats , thereby leaving a larger than usual space at one side of your curtain .
in certain instances , the length of your particular track may not coincide with a balanced pleating arrangement because of the pre-determined size of the pleats , [as such] leaving a larger than usual space at one side of your curtain .

Pheromones are chemical signals , released by one individual and smelt by another , whose behaviour is thereby influenced .
pheromones are chemical signals , released by one individual and smelt by another , whose behaviour is [as such] influenced .

Gradually the hens learn to recognize each other , thereby learning which are the stronger , and which the weaker , individuals .
gradually the hens learn to recognize each other , [as such] learning which are the stronger , and which the weaker , individuals .

Both Charles Booth and Helen Bosanquet felt that the majority of working class wives were too ill-trained to command a decent wage outside the home and that they should stop struggling to do two jobs , thereby also reducing the amount of un-and under-employment among men .
both charles booth and helen bosanquet felt that the majority of working class wives were too ill-trained to command a decent wage outside the home and that they should stop struggling to do two jobs , [as such] also reducing the amount of un-and under-employment among men .

In accepting that the world occupied by a majority of adult women would be different from that of men , feminists distinguished themselves from the mainstream of opinion only by their refusal to accept that women 's role was thereby rendered inferior .
in accepting that the world occupied by a majority of adult women would be different from that of men , feminists distinguished themselves from the mainstream of opinion only by their refusal to accept that women 's role was [as such] rendered inferior .

In 1912 , Key wrote of the women 's movement as ideally winning back ‘ the wife to the husband , the mother to the children , and thereby the home to all ’ .
in 1912 , key wrote of the women 's movement as ideally winning back ‘ the wife to the husband , the mother to the children , and [as such] the home to all ’ .

But how more precisely will the court fix the procedural requirements and what concept of fairness is thereby entailed ?
but how more precisely will the court fix the procedural requirements and what concept of fairness is [as such] entailed ?

The privy Council held that although the Minister was not bound to disclose his reasons , he could not thereby render the company 's right of appeal nugatory .
the privy council held that although the minister was not bound to disclose his reasons , he could not [as such] render the company 's right of appeal nugatory .

First , the line between what is regarded as an office and what is construed as a pure master-servant relationship can be very fine , thereby rendering the applicability of natural justice difficult to predict and producing divisions which are capricious .
first , the line between what is regarded as an office and what is construed as a pure master-servant relationship can be very fine , [as such] rendering the applicability of natural justice difficult to predict and producing divisions which are capricious .

The House of Lords , while accepting that some elements of natural justice could apply to investigations and preliminary determinations , held that an opportunity to see the counter-statement was not required : no final decision was being made and if the taxpayer could comment on the counter-statement the Commissioners would wish to comment on those comments , thereby producing an endless succession of exchanges , bringing the administration to a standstill .
the house of lords , while accepting that some elements of natural justice could apply to investigations and preliminary determinations , held that an opportunity to see the counter-statement was not required : no final decision was being made and if the taxpayer could comment on the counter-statement the commissioners would wish to comment on those comments , [as such] producing an endless succession of exchanges , bringing the administration to a standstill .

In essence the courts ' control over the conditions of jurisdiction is premised upon the assumption that they are thereby effectuating the will of Parliament ; they are ensuring that the tribunal or authority remains within the boundaries of what Parliament intended it to examine by ensuring that those conditions are present .
in essence the courts ' control over the conditions of jurisdiction is premised upon the assumption that they are [as such] effectuating the will of parliament ; they are ensuring that the tribunal or authority remains within the boundaries of what parliament intended it to examine by ensuring that those conditions are present .

For Gordon it is fallacious to say that if a tribunal blunders in its estimation of the factors involved in a subject-matter properly before it and thereby misconceives the questions that it should consider , that it thereby exceeds its jurisdiction .
for gordon it is fallacious to say that if a tribunal blunders in its estimation of the factors involved in a subject-matter properly before it and [as such] misconceives the questions that it should consider , that it [as such] exceeds its jurisdiction .

The conceptual basis of judicial review , that the courts are thereby enforcing the legislative will by ensuring that the authority remains within the limits of its assigned area , has never provided any sure guide as to the appropriate scope for review .
the conceptual basis of judicial review , that the courts are [as such] enforcing the legislative will by ensuring that the authority remains within the limits of its assigned area , has never provided any sure guide as to the appropriate scope for review .

Excessive amounts of hydrogen cations introduced into the soil by acid precipitation may exchange for these heavy-metal cations , thereby releasing the metals into the soil and into watercourses ( Babich et al .
excessive amounts of hydrogen cations introduced into the soil by acid precipitation may exchange for these heavy-metal cations , [as such] releasing the metals into the soil and into watercourses ( babich et al .

The metallic compounds may contaminate edible fish and drinking water supplies , and thereby be passed on to people .
the metallic compounds may contaminate edible fish and drinking water supplies , and [as such] be passed on to people .

Thus , for example , a global increase in atmospheric carbon dioxide concentration , through the ‘ greenhouse effect ’ , may be warming the lower atmosphere but cooling the stratosphere , thereby shifting the equilibrium of stratospheric photochemistry in favour of ozone production ( Groves and Tuck , 1979 ) .
thus , for example , a global increase in atmospheric carbon dioxide concentration , through the ‘ greenhouse effect ’ , may be warming the lower atmosphere but cooling the stratosphere , [as such] shifting the equilibrium of stratospheric photochemistry in favour of ozone production ( groves and tuck , 1979 ) .

Because the glass in a greenhouse traps the sun 's energy ( though it does this mainly by inhibiting convection , thereby stopping warm air rising and escaping ) , this process has come to be known as the ‘ greenhouse effect ’ .
because the glass in a greenhouse traps the sun 's energy ( though it does this mainly by inhibiting convection , [as such] stopping warm air rising and escaping ) , this process has come to be known as the ‘ greenhouse effect ’ .

As the upper oceanic layers become saturated with carbon , the fraction of the atmospheric carbon dioxide which the oceans can absorb may be reduced , thereby exacerbating the carbon dioxide problem .
as the upper oceanic layers become saturated with carbon , the fraction of the atmospheric carbon dioxide which the oceans can absorb may be reduced , [as such] exacerbating the carbon dioxide problem .

As technology improves , thereby making it possible to set a lower emission standard , new sources face increasingly more strict controls .
as technology improves , [as such] making it possible to set a lower emission standard , new sources face increasingly more strict controls .

Additional air pollution in each of these classes must not exceed specific air quality ‘ increments ’ , thereby assuring a level of air quality which should in all cases be cleaner than that required by the NAAQSs .
additional air pollution in each of these classes must not exceed specific air quality ‘ increments ’ , [as such] assuring a level of air quality which should in all cases be cleaner than that required by the naaqss .

One danger , however , is that committee loyalties might become too strong , causing members to become isolationist or even antagonistic to other service areas , thereby making an integrated authority-wide approach more difficult to obtain .
one danger , however , is that committee loyalties might become too strong , causing members to become isolationist or even antagonistic to other service areas , [as such] making an integrated authority-wide approach more difficult to obtain .

The literature often focuses excessively upon officer-councillor relationships , thereby overlooking the very different roles which councillors themselves adopt .
the literature often focuses excessively upon officer-councillor relationships , [as such] overlooking the very different roles which councillors themselves adopt .

By speaking on behalf of their constituents they occasionally thereby disagree with aspects of party policy ( 8 per cent ) .
by speaking on behalf of their constituents they occasionally [as such] disagree with aspects of party policy ( 8 per cent ) .

As Rhodes ( 1981 , p. 27 ) observes , in future ‘ the starting point must be the complexity of interactions and the constraints imposed thereby on both levels of government ’ .
as rhodes ( 1981 , p. 27 ) observes , in future ‘ the starting point must be the complexity of interactions and the constraints imposed [as such] on both levels of government ’ .

The main effect of the 1980 Act has been to reinforce earlier borrowing controls by expenditure controls , thereby bringing ‘ all capital spending [ by local authorities ] within the scope of control ’ ( Travers , 1986 , p. 142 ) .
the main effect of the 1980 act has been to reinforce earlier borrowing controls by expenditure controls , [as such] bringing ‘ all capital spending [ by local authorities ] within the scope of control ’ ( travers , 1986 , p. 142 ) .

This would conduct a continuing survey of administrative structures with two purposes in mind : a ) to produce information and thereby increase openness ; b ) to carry out inquiries and offer advice to central government and other public authorities .
this would conduct a continuing survey of administrative structures with two purposes in mind : a ) to produce information and [as such] increase openness ; b ) to carry out inquiries and offer advice to central government and other public authorities .

This allows competitor countries — Germany and Japan — to reduce their military expenditure and to concentrate on domestic industry , thereby undermining the international competitiveness of the leading powers in the capitalist bloc .
this allows competitor countries — germany and japan — to reduce their military expenditure and to concentrate on domestic industry , [as such] undermining the international competitiveness of the leading powers in the capitalist bloc .

Though they might thereby earn their spurs as ‘ good practitioners ’ , their children may gain rather less than if they had experienced a more varied and exact mode of discourse .
though they might [as such] earn their spurs as ‘ good practitioners ’ , their children may gain rather less than if they had experienced a more varied and exact mode of discourse .

He moved his fingers with a delicate sureness of touch , thereby undermining Cassie 's wavering defences even more alarmingly .
he moved his fingers with a delicate sureness of touch , [as such] undermining cassie 's wavering defences even more alarmingly .

Johnson thereby validated the journey in his reports , and , true enquirer that he was , did not accordingly neglect to report on such a major place as Aberdeen .
johnson [as such] validated the journey in his reports , and , true enquirer that he was , did not accordingly neglect to report on such a major place as aberdeen .

In theory , the planned village would absorb the people displaced by the new , more commercial economics of farming ; the population would be kept in the countryside , thereby impeding an early flight from the land .
in theory , the planned village would absorb the people displaced by the new , more commercial economics of farming ; the population would be kept in the countryside , [as such] impeding an early flight from the land .

To enliven their dull stretch to Banff , Boswell had started a conversational entertainment , into which Johnson entered merrily — that their famous Literary Club in London should take over St Andrews university , and thereby rebuild the city .
to enliven their dull stretch to banff , boswell had started a conversational entertainment , into which johnson entered merrily — that their famous literary club in london should take over st andrews university , and [as such] rebuild the city .

Garrick joined , and Adam Smith , thereby ensuring that Johnson did not always have the discourse his own way .
garrick joined , and adam smith , [as such] ensuring that johnson did not always have the discourse his own way .

’ However , he does use his recollection of the journey over Ratagan , his eyes filled with mountains , to reflect in the Journey generally upon the condition of remoteness as it affects human beings , and thereby touches the core of his reasons for travelling .
’ however , he does use his recollection of the journey over ratagan , his eyes filled with mountains , to reflect in the journey generally upon the condition of remoteness as it affects human beings , and [as such] touches the core of his reasons for travelling .

In this , his value always exceeds Boswell 's ; Johnson the writer has no need to grind the axe of his ego , and thereby feels no qualms in conveying how confusing he finds the native Scots , who , decisive and firm in their answer to his first question , are likely to contradict it entirely in answering the second question .
in this , his value always exceeds boswell 's ; johnson the writer has no need to grind the axe of his ego , and [as such] feels no qualms in conveying how confusing he finds the native scots , who , decisive and firm in their answer to his first question , are likely to contradict it entirely in answering the second question .

The failure of Krushchev 's confrontation tactics ( on 11 November 1959 he threatened to negotiate a separate peace treaty with the German Democratic Republic if the Western powers did not withdraw their troops within six months ) had forced him to moderate his stance , and it was apparent that the Soviet Union would minimise the chances of an agreement on Berlin if it simultaneously pressed hard everywhere else , thereby exacerbating Washington 's fears that any concession would be interpreted by Khrushchev as a sign of weakness .
the failure of krushchev 's confrontation tactics ( on 11 november 1959 he threatened to negotiate a separate peace treaty with the german democratic republic if the western powers did not withdraw their troops within six months ) had forced him to moderate his stance , and it was apparent that the soviet union would minimise the chances of an agreement on berlin if it simultaneously pressed hard everywhere else , [as such] exacerbating washington 's fears that any concession would be interpreted by khrushchev as a sign of weakness .

For many individuals the experience is repeated several times a year , thereby constituting a serious infringement of their personal liberty , disrupting the lives of their families , often preventing them from complying with requirements for obtaining welfare benefits and effectively making them unemployable .
for many individuals the experience is repeated several times a year , [as such] constituting a serious infringement of their personal liberty , disrupting the lives of their families , often preventing them from complying with requirements for obtaining welfare benefits and effectively making them unemployable .

Whannel believes that the main reason why this terminology has taken such an enduring grip is that it is being used to serve the commercial interests of Football League and club officials as part of a hidden agenda to attract a new type of football audience ( the ‘ family audience ’ ) and thereby solve the game 's economic crisis .
whannel believes that the main reason why this terminology has taken such an enduring grip is that it is being used to serve the commercial interests of football league and club officials as part of a hidden agenda to attract a new type of football audience ( the ‘ family audience ’ ) and [as such] solve the game 's economic crisis .

The Ark of Noah , before it found its final resting-place , had struck the summit of Sippan Dagh and removed its cap , thereby exposing the inner fires of the earth .
the ark of noah , before it found its final resting-place , had struck the summit of sippan dagh and removed its cap , [as such] exposing the inner fires of the earth .

as if to confirm her pedestrian turn of mind , Miss Logan at this point revealed that it had been a matter of curiosity to her since childhood how the Ark had succeeded in resting upon the top of a mountain . Had the peak risen up from the waters and punctured the keel , thereby skewering the vessel in place ? For if not , how otherwise had the Ark avoided a precipitous descent as the waters had retreated ?
as if to confirm her pedestrian turn of mind , miss logan at this point revealed that it had been a matter of curiosity to her since childhood how the ark had succeeded in resting upon the top of a mountain . had the peak risen up from the waters and punctured the keel , [as such] skewering the vessel in place ? for if not , how otherwise had the ark avoided a precipitous descent as the waters had retreated ?

Interestingly enough in this connection , the Turkish government has suddenly permitted the use of Kurdish language , thereby reversing its decades-long refusal to recognise the existence of its own 11m-strong Kurdish minority .
interestingly enough in this connection , the turkish government has suddenly permitted the use of kurdish language , [as such] reversing its decades-long refusal to recognise the existence of its own 11m-strong kurdish minority .

That must also imply that Western politicians recognise the vital contribution that popular support and sanction would have for legitimising the new security proposals now on the table and thereby ensuring that they would be effective .
that must also imply that western politicians recognise the vital contribution that popular support and sanction would have for legitimising the new security proposals now on the table and [as such] ensuring that they would be effective .

If this data is constructively used , it can provide significant pay-offs in other important areas of financial management and thereby enhance the role of credit managers in corporate decision making in these areas .
if this data is constructively used , it can provide significant pay-offs in other important areas of financial management and [as such] enhance the role of credit managers in corporate decision making in these areas .

There were many branches of the Northumbrian dynasty , however , and many noble families who claimed descent from Ida and thereby expressed aspirations to the kingship .
there were many branches of the northumbrian dynasty , however , and many noble families who claimed descent from ida and [as such] expressed aspirations to the kingship .

McRae and Cairncross ( 1984,2 ) argue that the growth of the City originated in the large volume of government borrowing in the eighteenth century to pay for Britain 's foreign wars ; the Industrial Revolution took place almost independently of the City , which thereby showed that it perhaps could survive on its financial wits as a major service centre .
mcrae and cairncross ( 1984,2 ) argue that the growth of the city originated in the large volume of government borrowing in the eighteenth century to pay for britain 's foreign wars ; the industrial revolution took place almost independently of the city , which [as such] showed that it perhaps could survive on its financial wits as a major service centre .

As a significant movement of popular protest over sex purity marked a successful assault on the authority of male professionals , thereby drawing into the political arena groups hitherto denied access or without a voice .
as a significant movement of popular protest over sex purity marked a successful assault on the authority of male professionals , [as such] drawing into the political arena groups hitherto denied access or without a voice .

Their headmistress had wilfully departed from the scripture syllabus and her stories had stimulated a prurient interest in sex , thereby corrupting childhood innocence .
their headmistress had wilfully departed from the scripture syllabus and her stories had stimulated a prurient interest in sex , [as such] corrupting childhood innocence .

As with the specific issue of literacy , foreign language teachers have implicitly compared their learners and themselves with educated native-speakers — and thereby created inevitable failure for all but the most exceptional .
as with the specific issue of literacy , foreign language teachers have implicitly compared their learners and themselves with educated native-speakers — and [as such] created inevitable failure for all but the most exceptional .

His current research is extending into a study of how teachers ' own writing about classroom processes makes explicit their implicit educational values , thereby enabling these values to be critically appraised by other teachers , and to be opened for further development .
his current research is extending into a study of how teachers ' own writing about classroom processes makes explicit their implicit educational values , [as such] enabling these values to be critically appraised by other teachers , and to be opened for further development .

Equally , we tend to see the learning of a foreign language as mastering a skill , thereby perhaps doing ourselves a disservice .
equally , we tend to see the learning of a foreign language as mastering a skill , [as such] perhaps doing ourselves a disservice .

Cuvier pioneered the role of comparative anatomy as a guide to classification , thereby boosting the role of the museum naturalist at the expense of the collector in the field .
cuvier pioneered the role of comparative anatomy as a guide to classification , [as such] boosting the role of the museum naturalist at the expense of the collector in the field .

There was a widespread feeling that areas of outstanding natural beauty should be protected from the greed of miners and loggers and thereby preserved for the benefit of future generations .
there was a widespread feeling that areas of outstanding natural beauty should be protected from the greed of miners and loggers and [as such] preserved for the benefit of future generations .

White settlers often objected to the reserves because they were thereby denied access to farming land , and in some areas the size of the reserves was scaled down to meet their demands .
white settlers often objected to the reserves because they were [as such] denied access to farming land , and in some areas the size of the reserves was scaled down to meet their demands .

At one time it was fashionable to argue that Darwinism destroyed the traditional belief that Nature had been created by a wise and benevolent God , thereby ushering in an age of rampant materialism .
at one time it was fashionable to argue that darwinism destroyed the traditional belief that nature had been created by a wise and benevolent god , [as such] ushering in an age of rampant materialism .

She told him he should not squeeze his toes in borrowed shoes , but go barefoot , and strengthen his feet ; but he felt he would thereby dishonour his monarch and disparage the image of the Christian gentleman .
she told him he should not squeeze his toes in borrowed shoes , but go barefoot , and strengthen his feet ; but he felt he would [as such] dishonour his monarch and disparage the image of the christian gentleman .

The essence of that hope is that through self-knowledge , existing constraints on thought and action can be better appreciated and thereby overcome .
the essence of that hope is that through self-knowledge , existing constraints on thought and action can be better appreciated and [as such] overcome .

the result of superimposing half-tone screens at the wrong angle thereby giving a chequered effect on the printed half-tone .
the result of superimposing half-tone screens at the wrong angle [as such] giving a chequered effect on the printed half-tone .

Some programs maintain the aspect ratio between width and height whilst scaling , thereby avoiding distortion .
some programs maintain the aspect ratio between width and height whilst scaling , [as such] avoiding distortion .

Moreover , members may thereby be enabled to avoid direct responsibility for poor results arising from decisions taken in committee .
moreover , members may [as such] be enabled to avoid direct responsibility for poor results arising from decisions taken in committee .

The terms are thereby used to describe the level at which decisions are taken in the management hierarchy .
the terms are [as such] used to describe the level at which decisions are taken in the management hierarchy .

Greater pressure from supervisors will make subordinates more aware of the power the supervisor holds over him , thereby increasing tension within the work group .
greater pressure from supervisors will make subordinates more aware of the power the supervisor holds over him , [as such] increasing tension within the work group .

specialisation can be developed . For example , salesmen and/or engineers will be trained to sell and/or service a specific product in which they may develop technical expertise and thereby offer a better sales and after-sales service to customers ;
specialisation can be developed . for example , salesmen and/or engineers will be trained to sell and/or service a specific product in which they may develop technical expertise and [as such] offer a better sales and after-sales service to customers ;

New equipment was therefore brought sparingly or deferred altogether , thereby slowing relative progress still further .
new equipment was therefore brought sparingly or deferred altogether , [as such] slowing relative progress still further .

An overhaul of the tax system along the lines suggested would make collection cleaner and more administratively efficient , costing less than 1% of receipts and probably releasing many non- productive industries , thereby increasing our national productive potential .
an overhaul of the tax system along the lines suggested would make collection cleaner and more administratively efficient , costing less than 1% of receipts and probably releasing many non- productive industries , [as such] increasing our national productive potential .

The hydrogen sulphide gas thereby freed from calcium sulphide was burnt to produce elemental sulphur , which was used to make sulphuric acid .
the hydrogen sulphide gas [as such] freed from calcium sulphide was burnt to produce elemental sulphur , which was used to make sulphuric acid .

The Millbank paper-mill and its equipment were eventually offered for sale by auction in October 1804 , thereby ending the possibility of England challenging the European paper industry by using more easily available materials for making paper .
the millbank paper-mill and its equipment were eventually offered for sale by auction in october 1804 , [as such] ending the possibility of england challenging the european paper industry by using more easily available materials for making paper .

, revealing thereby the limitations of his own toleration .
, revealing [as such] the limitations of his own toleration .

Plunging into Miriam 's multi-layered consciousness , Richardson narrates everything through the mind of her heroine , thereby frequently sacrificing form and selectivity , which she considered to be characteristics of male writing .
plunging into miriam 's multi-layered consciousness , richardson narrates everything through the mind of her heroine , [as such] frequently sacrificing form and selectivity , which she considered to be characteristics of male writing .

Clarke thereby played a major part in the thrust towards international standardization that became so important in late nineteenth-century European science .
clarke [as such] played a major part in the thrust towards international standardization that became so important in late nineteenth-century european science .

He succeeded his father on 16 August 1549 , taking up thereby his first office , that of alnager of Surrey and Sussex .
he succeeded his father on 16 august 1549 , taking up [as such] his first office , that of alnager of surrey and sussex .

In 1668 he was elected a fellow of the Royal Society , becoming thereby one of the very few businessmen in that body .
in 1668 he was elected a fellow of the royal society , becoming [as such] one of the very few businessmen in that body .

The success of his three operas for Italy , Artaserse ( 1760 ) , Catone in Utica ( 1761 ) , and Alessandro nell ' Indie ( 1762 ) , prompted an invitation to compose two works for the King 's Theatre , London , and in 1762 Bach travelled to London , where he spent the remaining twenty years of his life as the dominant musical figure in the city , thereby earning the sobriquet ‘ the London Bach ’ .
the success of his three operas for italy , artaserse ( 1760 ) , catone in utica ( 1761 ) , and alessandro nell ' indie ( 1762 ) , prompted an invitation to compose two works for the king 's theatre , london , and in 1762 bach travelled to london , where he spent the remaining twenty years of his life as the dominant musical figure in the city , [as such] earning the sobriquet ‘ the london bach ’ .

The perpetual spring Schorne had divined for his parish in time of drought came replete with gypsum , Epsom salts , and carbonic acid , and thereby lent considerable support to his posthumous reputation , principally as a healer of rheumatic and eye afflictions , but with an occasional talent in respect of dead oxen , the drowned , and the consolation of ‘ wretched , lonely boys ’ .
the perpetual spring schorne had divined for his parish in time of drought came replete with gypsum , epsom salts , and carbonic acid , and [as such] lent considerable support to his posthumous reputation , principally as a healer of rheumatic and eye afflictions , but with an occasional talent in respect of dead oxen , the drowned , and the consolation of ‘ wretched , lonely boys ’ .

In one day 487 inhabitants were inoculated , thereby curtailing an epidemic .
in one day 487 inhabitants were inoculated , [as such] curtailing an epidemic .

clubbed together to produce Hebrew books for the Christian market , and thereby became acquainted with some of the most eminent Christian Hebraists of the day .
clubbed together to produce hebrew books for the christian market , and [as such] became acquainted with some of the most eminent christian hebraists of the day .

However , by adept diplomacy , he was able to impose a form of pax Britannica on what had hitherto been a turbulent part of Africa and thereby maintain the conditions best suited for fostering trade .
however , by adept diplomacy , he was able to impose a form of pax britannica on what had hitherto been a turbulent part of africa and [as such] maintain the conditions best suited for fostering trade .

In the debate on the Remonstrance against Buckingham in June he argued that the Arminians ‘ run in string with the papists and flatter greatness to oppress the subject ’ , thereby making what has been described as a new and crucial intellectual link between alteration of religion and alteration of government .
in the debate on the remonstrance against buckingham in june he argued that the arminians ‘ run in string with the papists and flatter greatness to oppress the subject ’ , [as such] making what has been described as a new and crucial intellectual link between alteration of religion and alteration of government .

She wrote a highly perceptive appreciation of Burns 's character in the Dumfries Journal ( August 1796 ) and collaborated energetically with Burns 's biographer , James Currie — thereby also effectively protecting her own interests and reputation .
she wrote a highly perceptive appreciation of burns 's character in the dumfries journal ( august 1796 ) and collaborated energetically with burns 's biographer , james currie — [as such] also effectively protecting her own interests and reputation .

Petty 's main contribution was to modify the Agitators ' and Levellers ' position on the parliamentary franchise , and thereby to make possible a compromise with the army grandees and their independent allies in Parliament on that issue .
petty 's main contribution was to modify the agitators ' and levellers ' position on the parliamentary franchise , and [as such] to make possible a compromise with the army grandees and their independent allies in parliament on that issue .

In this the diazo compounds were linked with phenol or an aromatic amine , thereby forming intensely coloured compounds .
in this the diazo compounds were linked with phenol or an aromatic amine , [as such] forming intensely coloured compounds .

From a restored base at Barings , where he exercised autocratic leadership and took almost 50 per cent of the distributed profits ( amassing thereby a considerable personal fortune ) , Revelstoke exercised great influence in the City and Whitehall , though always remaining in the background of public affairs .
from a restored base at barings , where he exercised autocratic leadership and took almost 50 per cent of the distributed profits ( amassing [as such] a considerable personal fortune ) , revelstoke exercised great influence in the city and whitehall , though always remaining in the background of public affairs .

Despite an early passion for natural history ( he had used his mother 's linen cupboard as a combined zoo and museum ) his first impulse was to train as a civil engineer , hoping thereby for opportunities to travel .
despite an early passion for natural history ( he had used his mother 's linen cupboard as a combined zoo and museum ) his first impulse was to train as a civil engineer , hoping [as such] for opportunities to travel .

White agonized about helping the war effort and in 1942 applied to join the Royal Air Force Volunteer Reserve ( he had learned to fly before the war ) but his attempts failed , thereby exacerbating his sense of guilt and isolation .
white agonized about helping the war effort and in 1942 applied to join the royal air force volunteer reserve ( he had learned to fly before the war ) but his attempts failed , [as such] exacerbating his sense of guilt and isolation .

The prime object of the society was to secure the adoption of the continental , or Leibnizian , notation for the calculus , in preference to the Newtonian notation then used in England , and thereby to open English mathematics to the eighteenth-century continental developments .
the prime object of the society was to secure the adoption of the continental , or leibnizian , notation for the calculus , in preference to the newtonian notation then used in england , and [as such] to open english mathematics to the eighteenth-century continental developments .

The severity of symptoms in inoculees was thereby much reduced and the risk of a healthy patient dying almost eliminated .
the severity of symptoms in inoculees was [as such] much reduced and the risk of a healthy patient dying almost eliminated .

From a similar ideological stance as the ‘ trainers ’ are those who see the purpose of adult education with the unemployed as being either therapeutic — easing the process of adjustment and thereby acceptance — or controlling — ensuring that potentially disruptive elements in society are neutralised .
from a similar ideological stance as the ‘ trainers ’ are those who see the purpose of adult education with the unemployed as being either therapeutic — easing the process of adjustment and [as such] acceptance — or controlling — ensuring that potentially disruptive elements in society are neutralised .

‘ a condition contained in debentures … is not invalid by reason only that the debentures are thereby made irredeemable or redeemable only on the happening of a contingency ( however remote ) or on the expiration of a period ( however long ) any rule of equity to the contrary notwithstanding . ’
‘ a condition contained in debentures … is not invalid by reason only that the debentures are [as such] made irredeemable or redeemable only on the happening of a contingency ( however remote ) or on the expiration of a period ( however long ) any rule of equity to the contrary notwithstanding . ’

The basic principle which the Act lays down is that to become a member , and thereby a shareholder , there must be agreement and entry on a register of members which every type of registered company is required to maintain and which , in relation to a company with shares is also a register of shareholdings .
the basic principle which the act lays down is that to become a member , and [as such] a shareholder , there must be agreement and entry on a register of members which every type of registered company is required to maintain and which , in relation to a company with shares is also a register of shareholdings .

Such provisions require the most careful drafting if they are to achieve their purpose ; and have not always received it , thereby facing the courts with difficult questions of interpretation .
such provisions require the most careful drafting if they are to achieve their purpose ; and have not always received it , [as such] facing the courts with difficult questions of interpretation .

To reduce this hardship the Act provides that if the charge is void to any extent for non-registration the whole of the sum thereby secured becomes immediately repayable on demand .
to reduce this hardship the act provides that if the charge is void to any extent for non-registration the whole of the sum [as such] secured becomes immediately repayable on demand .

Under section 230 certain derogations from the provisions of Schedule 4 apply to the individual accounts of a parent which is required to prepare consolidated accounts ( and has done so ) thereby rendering those provisions otiose .
under section 230 certain derogations from the provisions of schedule 4 apply to the individual accounts of a parent which is required to prepare consolidated accounts ( and has done so ) [as such] rendering those provisions otiose .

This is signalled in part by the introduction of ‘ disorderly behaviour ’ as a constituent of the new offence , and by the abandonment of the requirement of a breach of the peace , and its replacement with the requirement that the conduct should take place ‘ within the hearing or sight of a Person likely to be caused harassment , alarm or distress thereby .
this is signalled in part by the introduction of ‘ disorderly behaviour ’ as a constituent of the new offence , and by the abandonment of the requirement of a breach of the peace , and its replacement with the requirement that the conduct should take place ‘ within the hearing or sight of a person likely to be caused harassment , alarm or distress [as such] .

In addition to the requirement that the conduct be ‘ disorderly , ’ it is subject to the objective requirement that the conduct must be such that it is , independently , ‘ within the hearing or sight of a person likely to be caused harassment , alarm or distress thereby .
in addition to the requirement that the conduct be ‘ disorderly , ’ it is subject to the objective requirement that the conduct must be such that it is , independently , ‘ within the hearing or sight of a person likely to be caused harassment , alarm or distress [as such] .

‘ If a public performance of a play is given which involves the use of threatening , abusive or insulting words or behaviour , any person who directs the performance is guilty of an offence if — ( a ) he intends thereby to stir up racial hatred , or ( b ) having regard to all the circumstances ( and in particular , taking the performance as a whole ) racial hatred is likely to be stirred up thereby .
‘ if a public performance of a play is given which involves the use of threatening , abusive or insulting words or behaviour , any person who directs the performance is guilty of an offence if — ( a ) he intends [as such] to stir up racial hatred , or ( b ) having regard to all the circumstances ( and in particular , taking the performance as a whole ) racial hatred is likely to be stirred up [as such] .

‘ ( 1 ) If a programme involving threatening , abusive or insulting visual images or sounds is broadcast , or included in a cable programme service , each of the persons mentioned in subsection ( 2 ) is guilty of an offence if — ( a ) he intends thereby to stir up racial hatred , or ( b ) having regard to all the circumstances racial hatred is likely to be stirred up thereby .
‘ ( 1 ) if a programme involving threatening , abusive or insulting visual images or sounds is broadcast , or included in a cable programme service , each of the persons mentioned in subsection ( 2 ) is guilty of an offence if — ( a ) he intends [as such] to stir up racial hatred , or ( b ) having regard to all the circumstances racial hatred is likely to be stirred up [as such] .

This may well be a socially beneficial outcome , but it sets the criminal law dangerously at large unless the exercise of the powers thereby conferred is the subject of careful scrutiny by the courts .
this may well be a socially beneficial outcome , but it sets the criminal law dangerously at large unless the exercise of the powers [as such] conferred is the subject of careful scrutiny by the courts .

If a constable were to ask for a ladder to rescue a cat from a tree , the person who declined to lend his assistance would commit no offence thereby .
if a constable were to ask for a ladder to rescue a cat from a tree , the person who declined to lend his assistance would commit no offence [as such] .

( 8 ) Finally the farmer asked his dog to bark loudly at the donkey ( 10 ) and thereby frighten him into the shed .
( 8 ) finally the farmer asked his dog to bark loudly at the donkey ( 10 ) and [as such] frighten him into the shed .

( 12 ) So then the farmer asked his cat ( 13 ) to scratch the dog ( 14 ) so the dog would bark loudly ( 15 ) and thereby frighten the donkey into the shed …
( 12 ) so then the farmer asked his cat ( 13 ) to scratch the dog ( 14 ) so the dog would bark loudly ( 15 ) and [as such] frighten the donkey into the shed …

On the contrary , it may be argued that the groups that flex their muscles most forcefully and publicly thereby demonstrate their relative weakness .
on the contrary , it may be argued that the groups that flex their muscles most forcefully and publicly [as such] demonstrate their relative weakness .

It is effective chiefly in defence , since in delivering it the karateka presents only the side of his body to his opponent , thereby protecting all his vital areas .
it is effective chiefly in defence , since in delivering it the karateka presents only the side of his body to his opponent , [as such] protecting all his vital areas .

On the other hand , you did n't want to give the impression that no-one was interested , thereby making him wonder just what exactly was wrong with you .
on the other hand , you did n't want to give the impression that no-one was interested , [as such] making him wonder just what exactly was wrong with you .

Kossen also says that these characteristics can be learned and developed , thereby suggesting that leaders may be made as well as born .
kossen also says that these characteristics can be learned and developed , [as such] suggesting that leaders may be made as well as born .

John Blundell Maple , the furniture magnate , declared in 1891 , for instance : ‘ It must be infinitely more wholesome for the workers of London to reside in their own suburban homes than to be congregated together … Our working population would be reared in a more healthy atmosphere , becoming thereby in every respect better citizens and keener for the welfare and future of their Empire .
john blundell maple , the furniture magnate , declared in 1891 , for instance : ‘ it must be infinitely more wholesome for the workers of london to reside in their own suburban homes than to be congregated together … our working population would be reared in a more healthy atmosphere , becoming [as such] in every respect better citizens and keener for the welfare and future of their empire .

The Administration of Justice Act 1969 introduced the leap-frog appeal so that cases could go straight from first instance to the House of Lords when the Court of Appeal would be bound by precedent , thereby saving considerable costs .
the administration of justice act 1969 introduced the leap-frog appeal so that cases could go straight from first instance to the house of lords when the court of appeal would be bound by precedent , [as such] saving considerable costs .

This , in turn , can be traced to ageist values within society generally , which permeate social and political thinking and thereby influence the extent to which older people as a group are viewed as less important , less in need , or just less interesting than other groups of people ( e.g .
this , in turn , can be traced to ageist values within society generally , which permeate social and political thinking and [as such] influence the extent to which older people as a group are viewed as less important , less in need , or just less interesting than other groups of people ( e.g .

However , the diversity of the range of information and its potentially extensive scope do require consideration of the methods by which the data may be collected and thereby offers an opportunity for the development of more creative ways of defining and discussing with older people these various areas of their lives .
however , the diversity of the range of information and its potentially extensive scope do require consideration of the methods by which the data may be collected and [as such] offers an opportunity for the development of more creative ways of defining and discussing with older people these various areas of their lives .

Consequently , the concept can be redefined for the purposes of the unprincipled , such as those who wish to introduce , covertly , restrictive eligibility criteria , and thereby reduce overall spending .
consequently , the concept can be redefined for the purposes of the unprincipled , such as those who wish to introduce , covertly , restrictive eligibility criteria , and [as such] reduce overall spending .

Seurat 's Dimanche après-midi à l'île de La Grande Jatte moved towards the abstract and uniform in form as it did in content , thereby making class distinctions between the figures on a Sunday outing that he drew difficult to see .
seurat 's dimanche après-midi à l'île de la grande jatte moved towards the abstract and uniform in form as it did in content , [as such] making class distinctions between the figures on a sunday outing that he drew difficult to see .

‘ In applying national law , whether the provisions in question were adopted before or after the directive , the national court called upon to interpret it is required to do so , as far as possible , in the light of the wording and the purpose of the directive in order to achieve the result pursued by the latter and thereby comply with the third paragraph of Article 189 of the Treaty . ’
‘ in applying national law , whether the provisions in question were adopted before or after the directive , the national court called upon to interpret it is required to do so , as far as possible , in the light of the wording and the purpose of the directive in order to achieve the result pursued by the latter and [as such] comply with the third paragraph of article 189 of the treaty . ’

The question then is to distinguish cases in which the public benefit is direct and entire from those in which it is indirect and partial , and thereby to obtain a definition which , unlike Lord Macnaghten 's , is a sufficient as well as a necessary condition of charity .
the question then is to distinguish cases in which the public benefit is direct and entire from those in which it is indirect and partial , and [as such] to obtain a definition which , unlike lord macnaghten 's , is a sufficient as well as a necessary condition of charity .

The solution lies in removing from the fourth head the bulk of cases which are charitable in spite of the fact that a particular group is primarily benefited , namely gifts in relief of distress , and thereby making possible a more limited definition of the general sections which can be regarded as benefiting the community and a more sweeping rejection of gifts which though benefiting the community do not do so directly .
the solution lies in removing from the fourth head the bulk of cases which are charitable in spite of the fact that a particular group is primarily benefited , namely gifts in relief of distress , and [as such] making possible a more limited definition of the general sections which can be regarded as benefiting the community and a more sweeping rejection of gifts which though benefiting the community do not do so directly .

After hearing several witnesses , including Aviv and the Observer 's reporter John Merritt , who had interviewed him in November 1989 , Magistrate Judge Ross found that Aviv had divulged at least part of his report to Merritt and had thereby waived work-product protection .
after hearing several witnesses , including aviv and the observer 's reporter john merritt , who had interviewed him in november 1989 , magistrate judge ross found that aviv had divulged at least part of his report to merritt and had [as such] waived work-product protection .

While Syria made the appropriate public disclaimers , insisting it was serious about eradicating drugs and denying sanctuary to terrorists headquartered in the Bekaa Valley , Washington could take no independent action without risking the charge of meddling in Syria 's internal affairs and thereby still further inflaming Arab sensitivities throughout the Middle East .
while syria made the appropriate public disclaimers , insisting it was serious about eradicating drugs and denying sanctuary to terrorists headquartered in the bekaa valley , washington could take no independent action without risking the charge of meddling in syria 's internal affairs and [as such] still further inflaming arab sensitivities throughout the middle east .

‘ State Department officials were unavailable for comment , ’ the New York Times reported , thereby hinting at the source of the leak , but if the story had been aired as a trial balloon , it failed to lift off .
‘ state department officials were unavailable for comment , ’ the new york times reported , [as such] hinting at the source of the leak , but if the story had been aired as a trial balloon , it failed to lift off .

Rupture of the hymen could theoretically be a Category 2 offence where the defendant deliberately set out to do so in the belief that he would thereby be able to have sexual intercourse with the woman .
rupture of the hymen could theoretically be a category 2 offence where the defendant deliberately set out to do so in the belief that he would [as such] be able to have sexual intercourse with the woman .

The combined sales will result in a significant contribution to earnings and the proceeds will be used to repay debt thereby reducing gearing by approximately 14 per cent .
the combined sales will result in a significant contribution to earnings and the proceeds will be used to repay debt [as such] reducing gearing by approximately 14 per cent .

The ford was crossed by a mill dam and consequently was extremely difficult and dangerous and thereby occasioned several unlucky accidents .
the ford was crossed by a mill dam and consequently was extremely difficult and dangerous and [as such] occasioned several unlucky accidents .

The opportunity was taken during programmed maintenance and repair works to restore the appearance of the bridge , thereby enhancing its environs and creating a noticeable landmark to motorists and pedestrians passing under the bridge on route to the Capital 's city centre area .
the opportunity was taken during programmed maintenance and repair works to restore the appearance of the bridge , [as such] enhancing its environs and creating a noticeable landmark to motorists and pedestrians passing under the bridge on route to the capital 's city centre area .

This would also give each Park its own authority , independent of local councils ( thereby extending a system applying presently in the Lakes and the Peak ) .
this would also give each park its own authority , independent of local councils ( [as such] extending a system applying presently in the lakes and the peak ) .

The coal is then combined with various chemicals ( details of which are being kept secret ) which , during combustion , react with the organic sulphur and turn it into ash , thereby preventing its escape into the atmosphere .
the coal is then combined with various chemicals ( details of which are being kept secret ) which , during combustion , react with the organic sulphur and turn it into ash , [as such] preventing its escape into the atmosphere .

According to Skoglund and others who fear the environmental impact of the project , the Pa Mong dam , the first of several proposed , will disrupt the annual flood cycle downstream and thereby threaten one of the world 's largest inland fishing grounds and one of Asia 's most productive agricultural regions .
according to skoglund and others who fear the environmental impact of the project , the pa mong dam , the first of several proposed , will disrupt the annual flood cycle downstream and [as such] threaten one of the world 's largest inland fishing grounds and one of asia 's most productive agricultural regions .

The reactor was shut down automatically by an emergency cooling system , which floods the reactor core , thereby avoiding the risk of a partial `` meltdown `` , similar to that which occurred in Three Mile Island , Pennsylvania , in 1979 .
the reactor was shut down automatically by an emergency cooling system , which floods the reactor core , [as such] avoiding the risk of a partial `` meltdown `` , similar to that which occurred in three mile island , pennsylvania , in 1979 .

Exxon subsequently withdrew guilty pleas to four misdemeanour charges relating to the spill , thereby formally dissolving the out of court settlement .
exxon subsequently withdrew guilty pleas to four misdemeanour charges relating to the spill , [as such] formally dissolving the out of court settlement .

President Bush 's administration has revealed its plan to save the Pacific Northwest 's spotted owl , and thereby some of the `` old growth `` forests which are its homeland .
president bush 's administration has revealed its plan to save the pacific northwest 's spotted owl , and [as such] some of the `` old growth `` forests which are its homeland .

The new directive is intended to ensure that national authorities process toxic substances as close to source as possible , thereby minimising the risk of accidents while in transit .
the new directive is intended to ensure that national authorities process toxic substances as close to source as possible , [as such] minimising the risk of accidents while in transit .

Applying this to [ 14 ] , we could say that the point of producing [ 14a ] was to deliberately mystify the audience and thereby capture their attention .
applying this to [ 14 ] , we could say that the point of producing [ 14a ] was to deliberately mystify the audience and [as such] capture their attention .

It is usual for the Stamp Office to be asked to confirm in advance that the scheme will not attract duty so that the court order may be registered , and thereby become effective , without delay .
it is usual for the stamp office to be asked to confirm in advance that the scheme will not attract duty so that the court order may be registered , and [as such] become effective , without delay .

The precise exclusions broadly follow the categories of private company which are within the ambit of the Code , thereby ensuring that art 4 does not overlap to any significant extent with the Code .
the precise exclusions broadly follow the categories of private company which are within the ambit of the code , [as such] ensuring that art 4 does not overlap to any significant extent with the code .

In an upwards market this would benefit the landlord , who could never hope to achieve a full market rent pursuant to an interim rent application , but would disadvantage the tenant , who would presumably prefer the old rent to continue during negotiations , thereby acting as a negotiating factor .
in an upwards market this would benefit the landlord , who could never hope to achieve a full market rent pursuant to an interim rent application , but would disadvantage the tenant , who would presumably prefer the old rent to continue during negotiations , [as such] acting as a negotiating factor .

It is better to exclude the guarantor as one of the parties to the lease to avoid problems where the lease contains reference to " the consent of the parties " thereby including the guarantor .
it is better to exclude the guarantor as one of the parties to the lease to avoid problems where the lease contains reference to " the consent of the parties " [as such] including the guarantor .

In fact , it may be as well to include the following proviso : provided the Premises are not adversely affected thereby
in fact , it may be as well to include the following proviso : provided the premises are not adversely affected [as such]

Quite clearly , if a tenant vacates premises and decides to leave all manner of items behind , thereby inhibiting the landlord from reletting the premises , the tenant can hardly complain if the landlord sells the discarded property .
quite clearly , if a tenant vacates premises and decides to leave all manner of items behind , [as such] inhibiting the landlord from reletting the premises , the tenant can hardly complain if the landlord sells the discarded property .

The precedent suggests the inclusion of a plan and , while it is suggested that where the premises are clearly defined there is no necessity for a plan , there is little doubt that a plan stated to be for identification purposes ( and thereby preventing the plan from prevailing over the verbal description ) is advisable .
the precedent suggests the inclusion of a plan and , while it is suggested that where the premises are clearly defined there is no necessity for a plan , there is little doubt that a plan stated to be for identification purposes ( and [as such] preventing the plan from prevailing over the verbal description ) is advisable .

You wait for the other side to post their part back to you on your client 's purchase , thereby leaving you with the initiative to complete the exchange procedure on your client 's sale , and this you should do immediately .
you wait for the other side to post their part back to you on your client 's purchase , [as such] leaving you with the initiative to complete the exchange procedure on your client 's sale , and this you should do immediately .

Treat the application forms , whether for a dealing or application for first registration , with the care they demand : in the end you 'll thereby save yourself and Land Registry officials much time and trouble .
treat the application forms , whether for a dealing or application for first registration , with the care they demand : in the end you 'll [as such] save yourself and land registry officials much time and trouble .

One of the main practical impacts of the TransAction system is that almost all the conveyancing is now dealt with before exchange of contracts , and this means that the tasks that have to be undertaken in between exchange and completion are relatively minor , thereby reducing the average time between exchange and completion to two weeks or even less .
one of the main practical impacts of the transaction system is that almost all the conveyancing is now dealt with before exchange of contracts , and this means that the tasks that have to be undertaken in between exchange and completion are relatively minor , [as such] reducing the average time between exchange and completion to two weeks or even less .

The current form of requisitions incorporates by reference the practical enquiries , which will have preceded exchange of contracts , thereby shortening the requisitions themselves .
the current form of requisitions incorporates by reference the practical enquiries , which will have preceded exchange of contracts , [as such] shortening the requisitions themselves .

The seller may seek to make the buyer liable to indemnify him or her in perpetuity , thereby placing the buyer in the same invidious position of the original lessee , who remains liable for the whole of the term of the lease to whomever it may have passed .
the seller may seek to make the buyer liable to indemnify him or her in perpetuity , [as such] placing the buyer in the same invidious position of the original lessee , who remains liable for the whole of the term of the lease to whomever it may have passed .

Then you search to establish that the borrower is not bankrupt , so make your search on the special form limited to bankruptcy ; thereby you will help the Registry and speed the reply .
then you search to establish that the borrower is not bankrupt , so make your search on the special form limited to bankruptcy ; [as such] you will help the registry and speed the reply .

In these circumstances , it is probable that both transactions will be regarded as interdependent so that the part exchange element may be construed as a sale subject to a condition subsequently , thereby , making it determinable if the financier does not accept the transaction .
in these circumstances , it is probable that both transactions will be regarded as interdependent so that the part exchange element may be construed as a sale subject to a condition subsequently , [as such] , making it determinable if the financier does not accept the transaction .

When the press is sued over a reported quotation , it may obtain some relief by joining the speaker as co-defendant thereby making the real libeller liable to contribute to costs and damages .
when the press is sued over a reported quotation , it may obtain some relief by joining the speaker as co-defendant [as such] making the real libeller liable to contribute to costs and damages .

Newspapers `` , under the 1952 Act , are defined as periodicals `` printed for sale `` at intervals not exceeding thirty-six days ( thereby including monthly magazines , but excluding free sheets ) ; `` broadcasts `` must be by wireless telegraphy and for general reception , but the Cable and Broadcasting Act expands this to include cable stations .
newspapers `` , under the 1952 act , are defined as periodicals `` printed for sale `` at intervals not exceeding thirty-six days ( [as such] including monthly magazines , but excluding free sheets ) ; `` broadcasts `` must be by wireless telegraphy and for general reception , but the cable and broadcasting act expands this to include cable stations .

It made the readers share in the horror it described and thereby so disgusted , shocked and outraged them that instead of tending to encourage anyone to homosexuality , drug-taking or brutal violence it would have precisely the reverse effect .
it made the readers share in the horror it described and [as such] so disgusted , shocked and outraged them that instead of tending to encourage anyone to homosexuality , drug-taking or brutal violence it would have precisely the reverse effect .

We define the `` extension `` of an abstract convention , like courtesy or legislation or precedent , as the set of judgments or decisions that people who are parties to the convention are thereby committed to accept .
we define the `` extension `` of an abstract convention , like courtesy or legislation or precedent , as the set of judgments or decisions that people who are parties to the convention are [as such] committed to accept .

Some schools have managed to have a policy laid whereby all software which comes into the school , w ] purchased by the library or by departments , is first catalogue classified by the school librarian , thereby ensuring that a comprehensive catalogue ( available on disk and print-out ) can be maintained .
some schools have managed to have a policy laid whereby all software which comes into the school , w ] purchased by the library or by departments , is first catalogue classified by the school librarian , [as such] ensuring that a comprehensive catalogue ( available on disk and print-out ) can be maintained .

It is not appropriate to incorporate provisions to transfer the charge to another house in the original charge , as the charge relates to a specific property , and such provision should be contained in the consent order ; such flexibility can of course raise difficulties particularly if the wife wishes to move down market and release some funds ( without repaying the husband ) as this thereby reduces the husband 's security , especially if he only has the security of a second charge .
it is not appropriate to incorporate provisions to transfer the charge to another house in the original charge , as the charge relates to a specific property , and such provision should be contained in the consent order ; such flexibility can of course raise difficulties particularly if the wife wishes to move down market and release some funds ( without repaying the husband ) as this [as such] reduces the husband 's security , especially if he only has the security of a second charge .

Batty went head first over the top of somebody at one point , thereby earing the rage of the City crowd .
batty went head first over the top of somebody at one point , [as such] earing the rage of the city crowd .

warning lights do not appear on the dashboard unless they are actually needed , thereby giving priority to essential information such as vehicle speed , engine speed and fuel .
warning lights do not appear on the dashboard unless they are actually needed , [as such] giving priority to essential information such as vehicle speed , engine speed and fuel .

Public ownership of development land puts control of our scarcest resource in the hands of the community , and enables it thereby to take an overall perspective .
public ownership of development land puts control of our scarcest resource in the hands of the community , and enables it [as such] to take an overall perspective .

Where consent is refused , compensation is payable ( under certain limited circumstances ) if the owner thereby suffers loss .
where consent is refused , compensation is payable ( under certain limited circumstances ) if the owner [as such] suffers loss .

Support may help a bereaved parent to cope with his or her own feelings of loss , and thereby be better able to recognise their children 's needs and vulnerability .
support may help a bereaved parent to cope with his or her own feelings of loss , and [as such] be better able to recognise their children 's needs and vulnerability .

Physical skills such as slow breathing or chewing gum can reduce the heart rate and thereby lessen the automatic appraisal of the stressor as threatening .
physical skills such as slow breathing or chewing gum can reduce the heart rate and [as such] lessen the automatic appraisal of the stressor as threatening .

Not only does she execute embroideries , but designs them too — thereby encroaching on what had formerly been a male preserve .
not only does she execute embroideries , but designs them too — [as such] encroaching on what had formerly been a male preserve .

If people choose to hold money , they are thereby choosing not to spend it on goods and services or on acquiring some other form of asset such as stocks and shares or property .
if people choose to hold money , they are [as such] choosing not to spend it on goods and services or on acquiring some other form of asset such as stocks and shares or property .

In fact , in 1989 the Abbey National Building Society became a public limited company and thereby ceased to be a building society , becoming instead a bank .
in fact , in 1989 the abbey national building society became a public limited company and [as such] ceased to be a building society , becoming instead a bank .

These certificates can be sold by one customer to another , thereby transferring ownership , and are thus relatively liquid to the depositor but illiquid to the bank ( see Box 16.6 ) .
these certificates can be sold by one customer to another , [as such] transferring ownership , and are thus relatively liquid to the depositor but illiquid to the bank ( see box 16.6 ) .

It thereby seeks to manipulate interest rates .
it [as such] seeks to manipulate interest rates .

But then when customers spend this £9 billion in shops and the shopkeepers deposit the cheques back in the banks , thereby crediting the banks ' Bank of England accounts again , the banks can make further loans based on these new deposits .
but then when customers spend this £9 billion in shops and the shopkeepers deposit the cheques back in the banks , [as such] crediting the banks ' bank of england accounts again , the banks can make further loans based on these new deposits .

The government borrows foreign currency , thereby directly financing government imports .
the government borrows foreign currency , [as such] directly financing government imports .

The authorities ( the government operating through the Bank of England ) could impose statutory minimum reserve requirements on the banks to prevent them choosing to reduce their liquidity ratio and choosing thereby to create more credit .
the authorities ( the government operating through the bank of england ) could impose statutory minimum reserve requirements on the banks to prevent them choosing to reduce their liquidity ratio and choosing [as such] to create more credit .

This involves selling more government securities and thereby reducing banks ' reserves when their customers pay for them from their bank accounts .
this involves selling more government securities and [as such] reducing banks ' reserves when their customers pay for them from their bank accounts .

The Thatcher government in particular , throughout its terms of office , repeatedly committed itself to cutting the burden of taxation , and thereby to increasing incentives and encouraging enterprise and initiative .
the thatcher government in particular , throughout its terms of office , repeatedly committed itself to cutting the burden of taxation , and [as such] to increasing incentives and encouraging enterprise and initiative .

Much of this spending will go on goods and services , thereby directly increasing aggregate demand :
much of this spending will go on goods and services , [as such] directly increasing aggregate demand :

The subframes are designed to deform in the same manner as the robust bodyshell and thereby contribute to this energy absorption .
the subframes are designed to deform in the same manner as the robust bodyshell and [as such] contribute to this energy absorption .

An extensive programme of windtunnel testing at facilities such as Saint Cyr-l'Ecole permitted the careful refinement of the Clio 's design to achieve low aerodynamic lift values at both front and rear — thereby ensuring driving stability at higher speeds .
an extensive programme of windtunnel testing at facilities such as saint cyr-l'ecole permitted the careful refinement of the clio 's design to achieve low aerodynamic lift values at both front and rear — [as such] ensuring driving stability at higher speeds .

In a moderately seasonal environment , in which several species produce lleshy fruits , there might be expected to be selection for a particular species to fruit out of step with the others , and thereby avoid competition with other species for dispersers .
in a moderately seasonal environment , in which several species produce lleshy fruits , there might be expected to be selection for a particular species to fruit out of step with the others , and [as such] avoid competition with other species for dispersers .

coconut , in that pollination is thereby ensured in both open and closed habitats .
coconut , in that pollination is [as such] ensured in both open and closed habitats .

In a mass , however , the birds sometimes defend the nowers and thereby reduce cross-pollination .
in a mass , however , the birds sometimes defend the nowers and [as such] reduce cross-pollination .

Olive baboons in Gabon defaecate in their home areas , thereby concentrating edible-fruited species , and the Liebermans speculate that the early hominids did the same because there is evidence that there were proto-gardens around occupation sites and that animals were unaware how edible plants came to be there ; a phenomenon known as the ‘ Eden Syndrome ’ .
olive baboons in gabon defaecate in their home areas , [as such] concentrating edible-fruited species , and the liebermans speculate that the early hominids did the same because there is evidence that there were proto-gardens around occupation sites and that animals were unaware how edible plants came to be there ; a phenomenon known as the ‘ eden syndrome ’ .

Thinking that if he ignored her , did n't show even a whisper of interest in her , she would give up and go home under her own steam , thereby allowing her to rescue some of her dignity .
thinking that if he ignored her , did n't show even a whisper of interest in her , she would give up and go home under her own steam , [as such] allowing her to rescue some of her dignity .

She was more than well acquainted with Lubor 's proclivity to see an invitation to grow amorous where there was none , though since he could n't do more than verbally flirt over the dinner table she could n't see any harm in accepting . She opened her mouth to suggest that perhaps she could give him dinner at her hotel — and thereby eliminate any possibility of him putting his arm around her in his car — then found that she was suggesting nothing of the sort , but was asking , ‘ Did Mr Gajdusek ask you to invite me out ? ’ and was at once appalled that , Ven all too clearly not far away in her head , she had asked such a thing !
she was more than well acquainted with lubor 's proclivity to see an invitation to grow amorous where there was none , though since he could n't do more than verbally flirt over the dinner table she could n't see any harm in accepting . she opened her mouth to suggest that perhaps she could give him dinner at her hotel — and [as such] eliminate any possibility of him putting his arm around her in his car — then found that she was suggesting nothing of the sort , but was asking , ‘ did mr gajdusek ask you to invite me out ? ’ and was at once appalled that , ven all too clearly not far away in her head , she had asked such a thing !

Then she would at least have been able to ask if he was anything to do with Massingham Engineering — and thereby have been prepared this morning .
then she would at least have been able to ask if he was anything to do with massingham engineering — and [as such] have been prepared this morning .

She really did detest his mockery , for it was there again as he drawled , ‘ Brainy as well as beautiful ! ’ Then , while Leith was again holding down the urge to hit him , and seeing that he 'd prefer not to sack her without just cause — thereby deeply offending his cousin — he had bent and picked up his briefcase .
she really did detest his mockery , for it was there again as he drawled , ‘ brainy as well as beautiful ! ’ then , while leith was again holding down the urge to hit him , and seeing that he 'd prefer not to sack her without just cause — [as such] deeply offending his cousin — he had bent and picked up his briefcase .

Along zones of plate convergence , especially where these occur along the margins — of continents ( such as along the west coast of South America ) , buckling of the oceanic lithosphere causes it to founder and sink into the underlying asthenosphere , thereby forming a subduction zone .
along zones of plate convergence , especially where these occur along the margins — of continents ( such as along the west coast of south america ) , buckling of the oceanic lithosphere causes it to founder and sink into the underlying asthenosphere , [as such] forming a subduction zone .

The injection of lava along mid-oceanic ridges , for instance , could push the adjacent plates apart and thereby contribute to plate motion ( Fig .
the injection of lava along mid-oceanic ridges , for instance , could push the adjacent plates apart and [as such] contribute to plate motion ( fig .

This last variable is particularly significant as the film of water in direct contact with the mineral surface eventually becomes saturated with solutes , thereby hindering further dissolution .
this last variable is particularly significant as the film of water in direct contact with the mineral surface eventually becomes saturated with solutes , [as such] hindering further dissolution .

This process generally means that the parties agree on the submission of evidence in advance , thereby usually avoiding the need to follow the formalities outlined above .
this process generally means that the parties agree on the submission of evidence in advance , [as such] usually avoiding the need to follow the formalities outlined above .

They also often resented piece-wages or any other method of speeding up complex and difficult tasks , and thereby lowering the quality of self-respecting work .
they also often resented piece-wages or any other method of speeding up complex and difficult tasks , and [as such] lowering the quality of self-respecting work .

By contrast , the rational expectations hypothesis , when applied to the theory of inflation , appeared to indicate that money would be neutral in the short run also , thereby denying any role to policy activism .
by contrast , the rational expectations hypothesis , when applied to the theory of inflation , appeared to indicate that money would be neutral in the short run also , [as such] denying any role to policy activism .

Clearly once agents realize that v , exhibits this pattern of serial correlation , they can include the information contained in equation ( 7.4 ) to augment the information set , thereby eliminating any serial correlation which was previously present .
clearly once agents realize that v , exhibits this pattern of serial correlation , they can include the information contained in equation ( 7.4 ) to augment the information set , [as such] eliminating any serial correlation which was previously present .

Many governments , most prominent among which was the former Conservative government of Mrs Margaret Thatcher , accepted the logic of the above argument and were thereby persuaded to swallow the bitter pill of demand deflation and abnormally high unemployment rates in exchange for the boon of a sustained fall in the rate of inflation .
many governments , most prominent among which was the former conservative government of mrs margaret thatcher , accepted the logic of the above argument and were [as such] persuaded to swallow the bitter pill of demand deflation and abnormally high unemployment rates in exchange for the boon of a sustained fall in the rate of inflation .

Section 1 of the 1976 Act was thereby amended to include as dependants spouses and former spouses of the deceased , any person who ( i ) was living with the deceased in the same household immediately before the date of the death ; and ( ii ) had been living with the deceased in the same household for at least two years before that date ; and ( iii ) was living during the whole of that period as the husband or wife of the deceased , any parent or other ascendant or child or other descendant of the deceased , any person who was treated by the deceased as his parent , and any person ( not being a child of the deceased ) who was treated by the deceased as a `` child of the family `` in relation to any marriage of the deceased , and any person who is or was the issue of a brother , sister , uncle or aunt of the deceased .
section 1 of the 1976 act was [as such] amended to include as dependants spouses and former spouses of the deceased , any person who ( i ) was living with the deceased in the same household immediately before the date of the death ; and ( ii ) had been living with the deceased in the same household for at least two years before that date ; and ( iii ) was living during the whole of that period as the husband or wife of the deceased , any parent or other ascendant or child or other descendant of the deceased , any person who was treated by the deceased as his parent , and any person ( not being a child of the deceased ) who was treated by the deceased as a `` child of the family `` in relation to any marriage of the deceased , and any person who is or was the issue of a brother , sister , uncle or aunt of the deceased .

8.2 For the purposes of this Condition , " Force Majeure " means fire , explosion , flood , lightning , Act of God , act of terrorism , war , rebellion , riot , sabotage , or official strike or similar official labour dispute , or events or circumstances outside the reasonable control of the party affected thereby .
8.2 for the purposes of this condition , " force majeure " means fire , explosion , flood , lightning , act of god , act of terrorism , war , rebellion , riot , sabotage , or official strike or similar official labour dispute , or events or circumstances outside the reasonable control of the party affected [as such] .

7.3 You will indemnify us against any and all loss , costs , expenses and liabilities caused to us whether directly , or as a result of the action , claim or demand of any third party , by reason of any breach by you of these conditions or of any terms or obligations on your part implied by the Sale of Goods Act 1979 , by the Supply of Goods and Services Act 1982 or by any other statute or statut-ory provision relevant to the order or to goods or work covered thereby .
7.3 you will indemnify us against any and all loss , costs , expenses and liabilities caused to us whether directly , or as a result of the action , claim or demand of any third party , by reason of any breach by you of these conditions or of any terms or obligations on your part implied by the sale of goods act 1979 , by the supply of goods and services act 1982 or by any other statute or statut-ory provision relevant to the order or to goods or work covered [as such] .

In the event of our cancelling this order as to all or any of the goods and/or the work covered thereby we shall be entitled to purchase from a third party a like quantity of goods of similar description and quality , or a reasonable alternative thereto , bearing in mind our need to take delivery of the goods by the date specified overleaf , or to contract with a third party to perform work of a similar description and quality , and in that event you shall be liable to reimburse to us on demand all expenditure incurred by us in connection with our said cancellation , including any increase in the price over that stated overleaf .
in the event of our cancelling this order as to all or any of the goods and/or the work covered [as such] we shall be entitled to purchase from a third party a like quantity of goods of similar description and quality , or a reasonable alternative thereto , bearing in mind our need to take delivery of the goods by the date specified overleaf , or to contract with a third party to perform work of a similar description and quality , and in that event you shall be liable to reimburse to us on demand all expenditure incurred by us in connection with our said cancellation , including any increase in the price over that stated overleaf .

The allegation was that the defendants had supplied contaminated water to the plaintiffs thereby causing them personal injury .
the allegation was that the defendants had supplied contaminated water to the plaintiffs [as such] causing them personal injury .

This is normally the purchaser proceeding with due diligence and thereby incurring the costs of its professional advisers or , alternatively , a vendor may demand a cash payment in return for the exclusivity period .
this is normally the purchaser proceeding with due diligence and [as such] incurring the costs of its professional advisers or , alternatively , a vendor may demand a cash payment in return for the exclusivity period .

The purchaser would thereby be deemed to have full knowledge of all disputes .
the purchaser would [as such] be deemed to have full knowledge of all disputes .

The clear aim of the vendor is to disclose as much as possible thereby reducing the potential for claims under the warranties .
the clear aim of the vendor is to disclose as much as possible [as such] reducing the potential for claims under the warranties .

It is particularly important to note that redundancies may , therefore , be deemed to be unfair dismissals , thereby increasing considerably the question of compensation payable .
it is particularly important to note that redundancies may , therefore , be deemed to be unfair dismissals , [as such] increasing considerably the question of compensation payable .

There are factors outside the scope of this book which a tribunal may consider and thereby reduce the amount the employee is awarded .
there are factors outside the scope of this book which a tribunal may consider and [as such] reduce the amount the employee is awarded .

The system uses a gas burner to heat the spraying sheet , thereby changing the way in which the drops are formed and producing a narrow drop-size spectrum , with few small particles .
the system uses a gas burner to heat the spraying sheet , [as such] changing the way in which the drops are formed and producing a narrow drop-size spectrum , with few small particles .

The Russian government has approved a plan to build 30 new nuclear power stations by the year 2010 , thereby doubling the country 's nuclear-energy capacity .
the russian government has approved a plan to build 30 new nuclear power stations by the year 2010 , [as such] doubling the country 's nuclear-energy capacity .

Two sets of access doors , under computer control , are supposed to act as an airlock , with only one set open at any one time , thereby preventing any radioactive leakage .
two sets of access doors , under computer control , are supposed to act as an airlock , with only one set open at any one time , [as such] preventing any radioactive leakage .

The accumulator works by retaining heat within the engine and oil , thereby avoiding `` cold start `` pollution .
the accumulator works by retaining heat within the engine and oil , [as such] avoiding `` cold start `` pollution .

Once common , the seal is believed to number only around 300 , most of which live in small , scattered colonies , thereby weakening their chances of survival .
once common , the seal is believed to number only around 300 , most of which live in small , scattered colonies , [as such] weakening their chances of survival .

The problem has been compounded by the hot summers of 1989-90 which increased the rate of soil evaporation , thereby further reducing the amount of water which penetrated through to the aquifers .
the problem has been compounded by the hot summers of 1989-90 which increased the rate of soil evaporation , [as such] further reducing the amount of water which penetrated through to the aquifers .

Critics of the new law warn that the level of bureaucracy involved might encourage some organizations , particularly small businesses , to resort to illegal fly-tippers , thereby avoiding the need for registration .
critics of the new law warn that the level of bureaucracy involved might encourage some organizations , particularly small businesses , to resort to illegal fly-tippers , [as such] avoiding the need for registration .

Greenpeace have recommended that funding agencies should act to set up heating control and energy-efficient light bulb factories in the Ukraine , in an effort to cut electricity consumption and thereby further reduce dependency on nuclear power .
greenpeace have recommended that funding agencies should act to set up heating control and energy-efficient light bulb factories in the ukraine , in an effort to cut electricity consumption and [as such] further reduce dependency on nuclear power .

The law will limit their opportunity to incinerate or dump waste , thereby , it is hoped , encouraging manufacturers to build recyclability into product design .
the law will limit their opportunity to incinerate or dump waste , [as such] , it is hoped , encouraging manufacturers to build recyclability into product design .

The project , which may take up to 30 years to complete , envisages canalizing the Apure river , together with three other tributaries of the Orinoco , and thereby draining 30,000 square kilometres of llanos , — seasonally-flooded savannah .
the project , which may take up to 30 years to complete , envisages canalizing the apure river , together with three other tributaries of the orinoco , and [as such] draining 30,000 square kilometres of llanos , — seasonally-flooded savannah .

The committee also called on the government to formulate long-term fuel-pricing objectives in order to encourage industry to invest in energy-saving measures and thereby to reduce emissions .
the committee also called on the government to formulate long-term fuel-pricing objectives in order to encourage industry to invest in energy-saving measures and [as such] to reduce emissions .

Marine algal blooms , previously thought to act as a carbon sink , have been found actually to produce carbon dioxide , thereby potentially adding to the greenhouse effect .
marine algal blooms , previously thought to act as a carbon sink , have been found actually to produce carbon dioxide , [as such] potentially adding to the greenhouse effect .

If elimination of lead in petrol could reduce blood levels by half — as the study assumed — it would reduce average blood pressure levels by 1 to 2 points , thereby meaning that 12,000 fewer people would need treatment for hypertension annually , there would be 6,000 to 12,000 fewer heart attacks , and up to 2,655 lives would be saved — more than the total number of fatalities on the nation 's roads each year .
if elimination of lead in petrol could reduce blood levels by half — as the study assumed — it would reduce average blood pressure levels by 1 to 2 points , [as such] meaning that 12,000 fewer people would need treatment for hypertension annually , there would be 6,000 to 12,000 fewer heart attacks , and up to 2,655 lives would be saved — more than the total number of fatalities on the nation 's roads each year .

Since they evidently have a rate control `` knob `` on their `` stroboscope `` , why do n't they turn it permanently to maximum , thereby keeping their perception of the world at its most acute , all the time , to meet any emergency ?
since they evidently have a rate control `` knob `` on their `` stroboscope `` , why do n't they turn it permanently to maximum , [as such] keeping their perception of the world at its most acute , all the time , to meet any emergency ?

The muscles contract immediately before the bat emits each outgoing pulse , thereby switching the ears off so that they are not damaged by the loud pulse .
the muscles contract immediately before the bat emits each outgoing pulse , [as such] switching the ears off so that they are not damaged by the loud pulse .

If you are a fish who basically lives and breathes in water , but who occasionally ventures on land , perhaps to cross from one mud puddle to another thereby surviving a drought , you might benefit not just from half a lung but from one-hundredth of a lung .
if you are a fish who basically lives and breathes in water , but who occasionally ventures on land , perhaps to cross from one mud puddle to another [as such] surviving a drought , you might benefit not just from half a lung but from one-hundredth of a lung .

It would also have many applications in Third World countries since it uses rubber tyres in both modes and thereby has an incline capability of ⅙ This means that in Third World countries instead of flattening the mountains and filling the valleys to make them level to one could follow the contours of the countryside and enormously reduce civil engineering costs .
it would also have many applications in third world countries since it uses rubber tyres in both modes and [as such] has an incline capability of ⅙ this means that in third world countries instead of flattening the mountains and filling the valleys to make them level to one could follow the contours of the countryside and enormously reduce civil engineering costs .

This group , and indeed the others who chose an ( a ) ending , argued that this developed an image of a coffin being nailed shut , thereby providing a symbolic analogue to the death of the cabinet ministers .
this group , and indeed the others who chose an ( a ) ending , argued that this developed an image of a coffin being nailed shut , [as such] providing a symbolic analogue to the death of the cabinet ministers .

Most noticeable perhaps is that the dead minister of the newspaper account is removed completely , thereby channelling attention towards the sick minister in the vignette .
most noticeable perhaps is that the dead minister of the newspaper account is removed completely , [as such] channelling attention towards the sick minister in the vignette .

It should be pointed out once again that those feminists who say that , on account of the male symbolism , Christianity is impossible for them , are not thereby necessarily ‘ anti-men ’ .
it should be pointed out once again that those feminists who say that , on account of the male symbolism , christianity is impossible for them , are not [as such] necessarily ‘ anti-men ’ .

The past approach — for instance , where they analysed statistics in terms of travel-to-work areas and lumped West Belfast and its massive levels of unemployment in with other areas and thereby diluted the whole thing down to 12 or 13 % in the Belfast travel-to-work area which extended from Larne to Downpatrick — was n't helpful .
the past approach — for instance , where they analysed statistics in terms of travel-to-work areas and lumped west belfast and its massive levels of unemployment in with other areas and [as such] diluted the whole thing down to 12 or 13 % in the belfast travel-to-work area which extended from larne to downpatrick — was n't helpful .

Perhaps they were not aware that in this respect de Pomiane was often simply harking back to his Polish origins , thereby refreshing French cookery in the perfectly traditional way .
perhaps they were not aware that in this respect de pomiane was often simply harking back to his polish origins , [as such] refreshing french cookery in the perfectly traditional way .

He threw it away and pulled out the Bible , which he had stuffed superstitiously into his shirt to protect his ribs … He had heard so many stories of musket balls lodging in Bibles , not of course that he really believed them , but all the same What he wanted to do now was to find some immoral passages with which to confront the Padre , thereby proving to him that this book could not possibly be the word of God ( unadulterated , anyway ) .
he threw it away and pulled out the bible , which he had stuffed superstitiously into his shirt to protect his ribs … he had heard so many stories of musket balls lodging in bibles , not of course that he really believed them , but all the same what he wanted to do now was to find some immoral passages with which to confront the padre , [as such] proving to him that this book could not possibly be the word of god ( unadulterated , anyway ) .

Conventionality in a system of communication offers stability , and thereby makes communication feasible from one occasion to the next .
conventionality in a system of communication offers stability , and [as such] makes communication feasible from one occasion to the next .

It would be a mistake to assume that all multinational companies which are established in a number of European countries necessarily thereby reap enormous advantages and profits .
it would be a mistake to assume that all multinational companies which are established in a number of european countries necessarily [as such] reap enormous advantages and profits .

The press has a majority on the board of directors ( eight seats out of 15 ) and thereby is held to guarantee pluralism and the agency 's independence of the state .
the press has a majority on the board of directors ( eight seats out of 15 ) and [as such] is held to guarantee pluralism and the agency 's independence of the state .

The following morning he went to Dawson 's house , thereby missing a telephone call from the King 's private secretary asking him to go to the Palace before luncheon ( it is not clear why the message was not passed on ) .
the following morning he went to dawson 's house , [as such] missing a telephone call from the king 's private secretary asking him to go to the palace before luncheon ( it is not clear why the message was not passed on ) .

‘ The circumstances of our times ’ , he had then said in his Report to the Committee of the House of Commons on the Poor Laws , ‘ render a change in our internal policy respecting the poor and the working classes absolutely necessary ; and the first question to be decided by every man of all ranks is : shall the alteration be made under the guidance of moderation and wisdom , foreseeing and gradually preparing each step , one regularly after another , thereby preventing a single premature advance — or , shall the change be effected by ignorance and prejudice , under the baneful influence of [ anger and violence ] … .
‘ the circumstances of our times ’ , he had then said in his report to the committee of the house of commons on the poor laws , ‘ render a change in our internal policy respecting the poor and the working classes absolutely necessary ; and the first question to be decided by every man of all ranks is : shall the alteration be made under the guidance of moderation and wisdom , foreseeing and gradually preparing each step , one regularly after another , [as such] preventing a single premature advance — or , shall the change be effected by ignorance and prejudice , under the baneful influence of [ anger and violence ] … .

Another problem is whether the parties have thereby lost their right to terminate the entire treaty on either of these grounds because of the acceptance of a right or obligation by a third party .
another problem is whether the parties have [as such] lost their right to terminate the entire treaty on either of these grounds because of the acceptance of a right or obligation by a third party .

Judge Schucking may have been influenced by the fact that the Convention in question was the General Act of Berlin , which had been concluded by the Powers to settle issues of colonial rule in Africa , and thereby to lessen friction between them .
judge schucking may have been influenced by the fact that the convention in question was the general act of berlin , which had been concluded by the powers to settle issues of colonial rule in africa , and [as such] to lessen friction between them .

Third parties are able to accede to the Treaty Concerning the Permanent Neutrality and Operation of the [ Panama ] Canal and thereby accept the rights and obligations of the regime .
third parties are able to accede to the treaty concerning the permanent neutrality and operation of the [ panama ] canal and [as such] accept the rights and obligations of the regime .

In any event the ‘ Far East ’ solution depended , with rather specious simplicity , on the ability to separate communist sheep from nationalist goats and even though the distinction was recognized as the sine qua non of a solution , it assumed that those who would not support genuine independence , once it was granted by the French , would identify themselves as communists : and would thereby distinguish themselves from the rest of the ‘ nationalist elements ’ who comprised the major part of the resistance forces .
in any event the ‘ far east ’ solution depended , with rather specious simplicity , on the ability to separate communist sheep from nationalist goats and even though the distinction was recognized as the sine qua non of a solution , it assumed that those who would not support genuine independence , once it was granted by the french , would identify themselves as communists : and would [as such] distinguish themselves from the rest of the ‘ nationalist elements ’ who comprised the major part of the resistance forces .

The School Magazine , The Stopfordian , soon celebrated its fifth birthday , thereby enduring longer than its predecessor which had lasted only from 1898 to 1902 .
the school magazine , the stopfordian , soon celebrated its fifth birthday , [as such] enduring longer than its predecessor which had lasted only from 1898 to 1902 .

Yet with its residual gentility , its variegated forest of a garden where we had practical botany lessons , and the original Victorian mansion building with its labyrinth of poky rooms and winding staircases , it must have seemed that the convent was an accidental inheritance , never really meant for us , and thereby reminding us that we had come into our own ; we had by right something more than had once been intended for us .
yet with its residual gentility , its variegated forest of a garden where we had practical botany lessons , and the original victorian mansion building with its labyrinth of poky rooms and winding staircases , it must have seemed that the convent was an accidental inheritance , never really meant for us , and [as such] reminding us that we had come into our own ; we had by right something more than had once been intended for us .

Some folk in the village said it was a public disgrace that a maid like Martha Pascoe should be bartered for with barrels of fish , but most saw the whole affair as a great joke , because when all was said and done , the lass was unlikely to marry Sam or Harry or anyone else against her will , and if she could use their ardour to win a few more stone of pilchards and thereby swell the village purse and give everyone a bit of harmless fun , then more power to her elbow .
some folk in the village said it was a public disgrace that a maid like martha pascoe should be bartered for with barrels of fish , but most saw the whole affair as a great joke , because when all was said and done , the lass was unlikely to marry sam or harry or anyone else against her will , and if she could use their ardour to win a few more stone of pilchards and [as such] swell the village purse and give everyone a bit of harmless fun , then more power to her elbow .

The referential , truth-functional nature of language is not in abeyance in fiction : rather it is exploited in referring to , and thereby creating , a fictional universe , a mock-reality .
the referential , truth-functional nature of language is not in abeyance in fiction : rather it is exploited in referring to , and [as such] creating , a fictional universe , a mock-reality .

The effect of placing the short sentence at the end is powerful : whereas other sentences relate the setting to the observer , this one relates the observer to his setting , and thereby summarizes what has been implied in the rest of the paragraph .
the effect of placing the short sentence at the end is powerful : whereas other sentences relate the setting to the observer , this one relates the observer to his setting , and [as such] summarizes what has been implied in the rest of the paragraph .

Can you eliminate some of the administration — or pass it on to the administrators — thereby releasing your time for more profitable activities ?
can you eliminate some of the administration — or pass it on to the administrators — [as such] releasing your time for more profitable activities ?

He had resisted all ideas of mass emigration and enforced complete isolation on the warren , thereby almost certainly saving it from extinction .
he had resisted all ideas of mass emigration and enforced complete isolation on the warren , [as such] almost certainly saving it from extinction .

But the wavelength multiplied by the frequency is always equal to the velocity of light , so this decrease in wavelength has the result at the same time of increasing the frequency v. Inevitably we thereby increase the energy carried by a single photon and make its interaction with the electron correspondingly more rumbustious ( with the effect of increasing the degree of uncontrollable disturbance to its momentum ) .
but the wavelength multiplied by the frequency is always equal to the velocity of light , so this decrease in wavelength has the result at the same time of increasing the frequency v. inevitably we [as such] increase the energy carried by a single photon and make its interaction with the electron correspondingly more rumbustious ( with the effect of increasing the degree of uncontrollable disturbance to its momentum ) .

The introduction of the national language and literature at Oxbridge was seen ( at least to begin with ) as a broadening and rejuvenation of the `` literary `` curriculum which would thereby be sustained as a foundation for more specialized study .
the introduction of the national language and literature at oxbridge was seen ( at least to begin with ) as a broadening and rejuvenation of the `` literary `` curriculum which would [as such] be sustained as a foundation for more specialized study .

The report goes on to claim that the people could only be taught `` thrift and prudence `` by men who would actually associate with them , thereby ensuring that the influence of `` the imperishable youth of Oxford `` would `` induce them to face the elementary laws of economics . ``
the report goes on to claim that the people could only be taught `` thrift and prudence `` by men who would actually associate with them , [as such] ensuring that the influence of `` the imperishable youth of oxford `` would `` induce them to face the elementary laws of economics . ``

This could be achieved by removing all `` deadening and mechanical influences `` thereby inducing `` a hope that the movement [ centred upon the English Association ] would penetrate the homes of the future `` . ``
this could be achieved by removing all `` deadening and mechanical influences `` [as such] inducing `` a hope that the movement [ centred upon the english association ] would penetrate the homes of the future `` . ``

While the university is taken to stand at `` the apex of the educational edifice `` , its position there is sufficiently elevated to cause the writers of the Report to retreat ( in this instance only ) into a narrow conception of their frame of reference , thereby justifying a refusal to address the work of the universities as a whole .
while the university is taken to stand at `` the apex of the educational edifice `` , its position there is sufficiently elevated to cause the writers of the report to retreat ( in this instance only ) into a narrow conception of their frame of reference , [as such] justifying a refusal to address the work of the universities as a whole .

The major focus at all times within the Review is upon the completion of the historical map of English literature , thereby conserving and protecting its professional plenitude .
the major focus at all times within the review is upon the completion of the historical map of english literature , [as such] conserving and protecting its professional plenitude .

Furthermore , despite their efforts at refuting `` charges against `` the humanity and sincerity of their approved authors ( and thereby by implication against themselves ) , scholars had never managed fully to provide any rational means for that complete assessment of personality which had been an object of all this effort .
furthermore , despite their efforts at refuting `` charges against `` the humanity and sincerity of their approved authors ( and [as such] by implication against themselves ) , scholars had never managed fully to provide any rational means for that complete assessment of personality which had been an object of all this effort .

As soon as a contract becomes legally binding , performance ceases to be optional , thereby curtailing individual autonomy .
as soon as a contract becomes legally binding , performance ceases to be optional , [as such] curtailing individual autonomy .

The market is the mechanism which has traditionally been invoked to limit , control and thereby legitimate private power , whereas the mechanism by which it has been sought to control and justify the exercise of public power has traditionally been the ideal of the Rule of Law .
the market is the mechanism which has traditionally been invoked to limit , control and [as such] legitimate private power , whereas the mechanism by which it has been sought to control and justify the exercise of public power has traditionally been the ideal of the rule of law .

The reality was that the growth of corporate enterprise shattered three of the assumptions which underlay the belief that economic power of the company was regulated and thereby legitimated by the competitive market .
the reality was that the growth of corporate enterprise shattered three of the assumptions which underlay the belief that economic power of the company was regulated and [as such] legitimated by the competitive market .

The effect of these three changes brought about by the growth of corporate enterprise was that the market could no longer be viewed as regulating and thereby legitimating the exercise of corporate power .
the effect of these three changes brought about by the growth of corporate enterprise was that the market could no longer be viewed as regulating and [as such] legitimating the exercise of corporate power .

The shareholders are thereby given the power to judge for themselves whether the directors are using their managerial powers for their own benefit at the expense of the company and if this is so to veto the transaction or at least hold the director liable for any profits thereby made .
the shareholders are [as such] given the power to judge for themselves whether the directors are using their managerial powers for their own benefit at the expense of the company and if this is so to veto the transaction or at least hold the director liable for any profits [as such] made .

Although each institutional investor may still only own a very small percentage of the issued share capital of the company , nevertheless , they have the requisite skills to monitor management effectively , and can act collectively to exert pressure on the managers of the company , thereby overcoming the problem that there is little incentive for the individual shareholder to spend the necessary time and money to inform himself of and perhaps challenge the actions of the directors as the managers of the company .
although each institutional investor may still only own a very small percentage of the issued share capital of the company , nevertheless , they have the requisite skills to monitor management effectively , and can act collectively to exert pressure on the managers of the company , [as such] overcoming the problem that there is little incentive for the individual shareholder to spend the necessary time and money to inform himself of and perhaps challenge the actions of the directors as the managers of the company .

It is said to function through the mechanism of the take-over bid so as to allocate the assets of companies to those managers who can put them to their best use , thereby disciplining managers to maximize profits or face the threat of a take-over bid ousting them from their jobs .
it is said to function through the mechanism of the take-over bid so as to allocate the assets of companies to those managers who can put them to their best use , [as such] disciplining managers to maximize profits or face the threat of a take-over bid ousting them from their jobs .

In another version of this theme family law stands accused of having so far departed from principle and precedent as to be arbitrary , thereby losing its claim to guide conduct .
in another version of this theme family law stands accused of having so far departed from principle and precedent as to be arbitrary , [as such] losing its claim to guide conduct .

If these intuitions are justified it follows that some exhaustive analyses of the concepts of excuse misconceive the social function and thereby distort the nature and operation of the criminal law .
if these intuitions are justified it follows that some exhaustive analyses of the concepts of excuse misconceive the social function and [as such] distort the nature and operation of the criminal law .

First , rather in the style of Simpson 's ‘ The Common Law and Legal Theory ’ ( chapter 2 above ) , one might take criminal law as a test of some version of legal theory , thereby confirming or refuting the theory in question .
first , rather in the style of simpson 's ‘ the common law and legal theory ’ ( chapter 2 above ) , one might take criminal law as a test of some version of legal theory , [as such] confirming or refuting the theory in question .

Subsequently we look for and find , or even create , the early signals , we magnify these signals , making catastrophic interpretations and predictions which we may or may not be aware of and we may begin to hyperventilate , thereby creating a full-blown panic attack as the stress glass fills rapidly up .
subsequently we look for and find , or even create , the early signals , we magnify these signals , making catastrophic interpretations and predictions which we may or may not be aware of and we may begin to hyperventilate , [as such] creating a full-blown panic attack as the stress glass fills rapidly up .

2 They are prone to making catastrophic misinterpretations of their symptoms , thereby making them more frightening and increasing panic .
2 they are prone to making catastrophic misinterpretations of their symptoms , [as such] making them more frightening and increasing panic .

It seems that the country which boasts of having more art that any other European country , and thereby justifies having some of the most restrictive laws in Europe to stop the export of works of art , is incapable of looking after this unparalleled wealth .
it seems that the country which boasts of having more art that any other european country , and [as such] justifies having some of the most restrictive laws in europe to stop the export of works of art , is incapable of looking after this unparalleled wealth .

After the elections next spring , Cambodia 's new government should take immediate steps to rein in development in the Angkor zone , and thereby preserve one of the landmarks of Eastern Medieval history .
after the elections next spring , cambodia 's new government should take immediate steps to rein in development in the angkor zone , and [as such] preserve one of the landmarks of eastern medieval history .

The principle was confirmed at the Eighth Congress of the International Association of the Arts held in Baghdad in 1976 : ‘ Works by living artists exhibited in or on public buildings , galleries , museums and other public sites and which continue thereby to provide a service to the public should be subject to a continuing form of remuneration to their creator ( comparable to performing rights for theatrical or musical works paid to author and composer ) so long as he or she is alive and the work continues to be a public amenity ’ .
the principle was confirmed at the eighth congress of the international association of the arts held in baghdad in 1976 : ‘ works by living artists exhibited in or on public buildings , galleries , museums and other public sites and which continue [as such] to provide a service to the public should be subject to a continuing form of remuneration to their creator ( comparable to performing rights for theatrical or musical works paid to author and composer ) so long as he or she is alive and the work continues to be a public amenity ’ .

Attention is thereby diverted from another variety : informal or unarticulated power .
attention is [as such] diverted from another variety : informal or unarticulated power .

On the other hand they are more likely to arise with larger samples simply on common sense grounds : the investigator 's distance from the data is increased through the involvement of others ( interviewers , research assistants , coders , etc ) in data-gathering and processing , and possible occasions for the introduction of bias are thereby multiplied .
on the other hand they are more likely to arise with larger samples simply on common sense grounds : the investigator 's distance from the data is increased through the involvement of others ( interviewers , research assistants , coders , etc ) in data-gathering and processing , and possible occasions for the introduction of bias are [as such] multiplied .

Another possible explanation is that , while time limits may provide one standard of excellence , the attention which they focus on the speed of work diverts attention from the possibility of doing work which is creative or innovative , thereby reducing achievement incentive .
another possible explanation is that , while time limits may provide one standard of excellence , the attention which they focus on the speed of work diverts attention from the possibility of doing work which is creative or innovative , [as such] reducing achievement incentive .

The monopolist is normally considered to exploit consumers by charging a high price and thereby destroying some consumer surplus .
the monopolist is normally considered to exploit consumers by charging a high price and [as such] destroying some consumer surplus .

Also , a competitive equilibrium can-not exist because at the point where price equals each firm 's marginal cost , profits would increase with increasing output so each firm would wish to increase output and thereby achieve lower costs .
also , a competitive equilibrium can-not exist because at the point where price equals each firm 's marginal cost , profits would increase with increasing output so each firm would wish to increase output and [as such] achieve lower costs .

The agent may be better off claiming times are bad when they are not , if wages are thereby greatly reduced compared to employment and output , so raising the firm 's net earnings and the agent 's earnings .
the agent may be better off claiming times are bad when they are not , if wages are [as such] greatly reduced compared to employment and output , so raising the firm 's net earnings and the agent 's earnings .

Those who would buy more than logically opt for the two-part tariff and thereby the right to buy extra units at , improving their welfare as a result .
those who would buy more than logically opt for the two-part tariff and [as such] the right to buy extra units at , improving their welfare as a result .

On the other , by forcing prostitutes and their neighbours publicly to acknowledge what had previously been informally tolerated they introduced a stricter redefinition of acceptable behaviour , thereby facilitating the social isolation of prostitutes .
on the other , by forcing prostitutes and their neighbours publicly to acknowledge what had previously been informally tolerated they introduced a stricter redefinition of acceptable behaviour , [as such] facilitating the social isolation of prostitutes .

‘ It shall be the duty of every self-employed person to conduct his undertaking in such a way as to ensure , so far as is reasonably practicable , that he and other persons ( not being his employees ) who may be affected thereby are not thereby exposed to risks to their health or safety . ’
‘ it shall be the duty of every self-employed person to conduct his undertaking in such a way as to ensure , so far as is reasonably practicable , that he and other persons ( not being his employees ) who may be affected [as such] are not [as such] exposed to risks to their health or safety . ’

The spread of readily available and simple means of contraception has meant that the wife is less likely to spend much of her life in the bearing and rearing of children and is more likely to seek employment outside the home , thereby developing a source of income and interests outside her traditionally defined role : ‘ … in Britain the proportion of all wives in paid work went up from 10 per cent in 1911 ( as it remained in 1931 ) to 26 per cent in 1951 and 42 per cent in 1971 ’ ( Young and Willmott , 1975 , p. 101 ) .
the spread of readily available and simple means of contraception has meant that the wife is less likely to spend much of her life in the bearing and rearing of children and is more likely to seek employment outside the home , [as such] developing a source of income and interests outside her traditionally defined role : ‘ … in britain the proportion of all wives in paid work went up from 10 per cent in 1911 ( as it remained in 1931 ) to 26 per cent in 1951 and 42 per cent in 1971 ’ ( young and willmott , 1975 , p. 101 ) .

The attempt to talk about ‘ the family in industrial society ’ implies some contrast with the family in ‘ pre-industrial society ’ , thereby apparently lumping together feudal Europe , the major empires and kingdoms of the Middle and Far East and the Americas , and the many forms of tribal , hunting , nomadic and peasant societies that have been found throughout different parts of the globe .
the attempt to talk about ‘ the family in industrial society ’ implies some contrast with the family in ‘ pre-industrial society ’ , [as such] apparently lumping together feudal europe , the major empires and kingdoms of the middle and far east and the americas , and the many forms of tribal , hunting , nomadic and peasant societies that have been found throughout different parts of the globe .

First , to the extent that an issue is expressly covered by the Convention it displaces rules of national law that might otherwise apply and thereby renders otiose conflict-of-laws rules designed to lead to the selection of the applicable national law .
first , to the extent that an issue is expressly covered by the convention it displaces rules of national law that might otherwise apply and [as such] renders otiose conflict-of-laws rules designed to lead to the selection of the applicable national law .

Thus it is often erroneously supposed that a provision of the Convention which merely prevents it from displacing or affecting a particular legal right thereby effectuates that right , whereas in truth the sole consequence of the provision is to leave the matter to be determined under the applicable national law .
thus it is often erroneously supposed that a provision of the convention which merely prevents it from displacing or affecting a particular legal right [as such] effectuates that right , whereas in truth the sole consequence of the provision is to leave the matter to be determined under the applicable national law .

Thus , the preamble to the Company Act , 1988 , speaks of the purpose of the Act as being to create up-to-date legal forms , thereby assisting the income-earning capacity of the national economy , the development of a market-type production and distribution system , and the flow of capital ( including foreign capital ) in the economy .
thus , the preamble to the company act , 1988 , speaks of the purpose of the act as being to create up-to-date legal forms , [as such] assisting the income-earning capacity of the national economy , the development of a market-type production and distribution system , and the flow of capital ( including foreign capital ) in the economy .

Whereas the role of the astronomer within the Ptolemaic tradition had been custodian of mathematical , predictive devices , Copernicus transformed that role by importing physical arguments into the astronomer 's domain , thereby raising questions about the real motion of the earth .
whereas the role of the astronomer within the ptolemaic tradition had been custodian of mathematical , predictive devices , copernicus transformed that role by importing physical arguments into the astronomer 's domain , [as such] raising questions about the real motion of the earth .

There are some reprieved murderers whom it is right to release on licence after very short periods of imprisonment ( for example , a mother who kills an imbecile child from merciful motives ) , and it would be undesirable in such cases for a court publicly to pass a sentence of imprisonment for a few months or for a year or two , and thereby to create the impression that the taking of human life may in certain circumstances be no graver a crime than theft .
there are some reprieved murderers whom it is right to release on licence after very short periods of imprisonment ( for example , a mother who kills an imbecile child from merciful motives ) , and it would be undesirable in such cases for a court publicly to pass a sentence of imprisonment for a few months or for a year or two , and [as such] to create the impression that the taking of human life may in certain circumstances be no graver a crime than theft .

Under cover of trees , birds may be encouraged to range more freely , using the available land more fully , and thereby distributing their droppings more evenly .
under cover of trees , birds may be encouraged to range more freely , using the available land more fully , and [as such] distributing their droppings more evenly .

It develops the ‘ ability to operate within the boundaries of sentence meaning , on the meaning expressly represented in the sentence per se , and thereby to operate within the boundaries of an explicitly presented problem ’ ( ibid .
it develops the ‘ ability to operate within the boundaries of sentence meaning , on the meaning expressly represented in the sentence per se , and [as such] to operate within the boundaries of an explicitly presented problem ’ ( ibid .

Goody himself seems to suggest that ‘ restricted ’ literacy is indeed the norm in all societies except later classical Greece , thereby undermining somewhat the significance of these general applications of the term : ‘ Nowhere was the impact of literacy as radical as it has been in classical Greece .
goody himself seems to suggest that ‘ restricted ’ literacy is indeed the norm in all societies except later classical greece , [as such] undermining somewhat the significance of these general applications of the term : ‘ nowhere was the impact of literacy as radical as it has been in classical greece .

By relieving it of responsibility for details , Parliament was thereby able to concentrate on major issues of policy .
by relieving it of responsibility for details , parliament was [as such] able to concentrate on major issues of policy .

If the growth of administrative adjudication could not be prohibited , it was argued that it must be regularized by integrating it into the ordinary law of the land , thereby ensuring that it develops in harmony with traditional common law principles .
if the growth of administrative adjudication could not be prohibited , it was argued that it must be regularized by integrating it into the ordinary law of the land , [as such] ensuring that it develops in harmony with traditional common law principles .

They should ally themselves with health service workers ( including managers ) and inspire them to help analyse the determinants of good and bad health , assess health needs , promote health , and evaluate services , thereby achieving public health goals , albeit indirectly .
they should ally themselves with health service workers ( including managers ) and inspire them to help analyse the determinants of good and bad health , assess health needs , promote health , and evaluate services , [as such] achieving public health goals , albeit indirectly .

In this chapter we look at how those goals may be in conflict , and how they are affected by age , culture and a person 's job ; 1 consider how organizations attempt to motivate people by rewarding performance , and thereby rewarding those goals ; finally we look at the outcomes of goal/organization mismatch which lead to dissatisfaction , disillusionment and stress .
in this chapter we look at how those goals may be in conflict , and how they are affected by age , culture and a person 's job ; 1 consider how organizations attempt to motivate people by rewarding performance , and [as such] rewarding those goals ; finally we look at the outcomes of goal/organization mismatch which lead to dissatisfaction , disillusionment and stress .

Using committees internally to overcome restrictions on information and thereby arrive at a decision .
using committees internally to overcome restrictions on information and [as such] arrive at a decision .

This can lead to a vicious circle , in which important communication is filtered out by power-seekers so that the structure ( which causes most of the problems ) is reinforced in order to flush out the filtered information , thereby making the filtering worse .
this can lead to a vicious circle , in which important communication is filtered out by power-seekers so that the structure ( which causes most of the problems ) is reinforced in order to flush out the filtered information , [as such] making the filtering worse .

When we join the group as a new member we may sense these norms and question their relevance but , if group membership is vital to our role acquisition , we will accept the irrelevant norm merely to establish our intention to conform and thereby hasten our acceptance by the group .
when we join the group as a new member we may sense these norms and question their relevance but , if group membership is vital to our role acquisition , we will accept the irrelevant norm merely to establish our intention to conform and [as such] hasten our acceptance by the group .

In their own way , and depending on the stresses within the group , the members will almost intuitively sort out a set of relationships which will provide both behaviour patterns and thereby establish a balance of power .
in their own way , and depending on the stresses within the group , the members will almost intuitively sort out a set of relationships which will provide both behaviour patterns and [as such] establish a balance of power .

Here , relationships are prescribed formally rather than informally , thereby strengthening a manager 's capacity to control the behaviour of others .
here , relationships are prescribed formally rather than informally , [as such] strengthening a manager 's capacity to control the behaviour of others .

Most of these techniques ( such as the Nominal Group Technique ) use structured processes to shift from group interaction to individual activity and back again , thereby avoiding some of the pitfalls of group think , etc .
most of these techniques ( such as the nominal group technique ) use structured processes to shift from group interaction to individual activity and back again , [as such] avoiding some of the pitfalls of group think , etc .

The Democratic caucus in the House decided in 1971 that members should be limited to one sub-committee chairmanship thereby making it possible for many more congressmen to hold these coveted posts .
the democratic caucus in the house decided in 1971 that members should be limited to one sub-committee chairmanship [as such] making it possible for many more congressmen to hold these coveted posts .

The Reagan forces claimed that the previous administration , anxious to avoid a tax increase in an election year , had left behind a sizeable budgetary deficit thereby forcing on the new governor the need to introduce legislation substantially raising some forms of taxation .
the reagan forces claimed that the previous administration , anxious to avoid a tax increase in an election year , had left behind a sizeable budgetary deficit [as such] forcing on the new governor the need to introduce legislation substantially raising some forms of taxation .

But now there was in place a plebiscitary system ; the total number of presidential primaries had risen sharply , thereby substantially increasing popular participation in the selection of delegates and further weakening the power of party leaders .
but now there was in place a plebiscitary system ; the total number of presidential primaries had risen sharply , [as such] substantially increasing popular participation in the selection of delegates and further weakening the power of party leaders .

However 1980 , it seemed , just might represent a genuine national shift towards conservatism thereby providing the underpinning for a new alignment of electoral forces to replace the Democratic coalition founded by Franklin Roosevelt .
however 1980 , it seemed , just might represent a genuine national shift towards conservatism [as such] providing the underpinning for a new alignment of electoral forces to replace the democratic coalition founded by franklin roosevelt .

This enabled the president to attend a large number of these gatherings , thereby delivering on his promises to work closely with his cabinet in the formulation of policy .
this enabled the president to attend a large number of these gatherings , [as such] delivering on his promises to work closely with his cabinet in the formulation of policy .

Certainly the climate impeded the development of internal communications , thereby retarding the division of labour and the break-up of self-sufficient estates , villages , and indeed households .
certainly the climate impeded the development of internal communications , [as such] retarding the division of labour and the break-up of self-sufficient estates , villages , and indeed households .

Russia 's armies were adequate to increase her influence in central Asia and to inflict further defeats on both Turkey and Persia , thereby extending Russian rule in the Caucasus .
russia 's armies were adequate to increase her influence in central asia and to inflict further defeats on both turkey and persia , [as such] extending russian rule in the caucasus .

In time the development of the market would speed up the rate of urbanization and reshape the social structure , thereby undermining the traditional dominance of the Tsar and landowning nobility .
in time the development of the market would speed up the rate of urbanization and reshape the social structure , [as such] undermining the traditional dominance of the tsar and landowning nobility .

Witte was particularly lavish with financial aid in times of crisis , and assisted in the formation of producer associations , thereby fostering the concentration of ownership in the hands of large banks and corporations .
witte was particularly lavish with financial aid in times of crisis , and assisted in the formation of producer associations , [as such] fostering the concentration of ownership in the hands of large banks and corporations .

For parasites whose offspring infect the offspring of their host ( vertical transmission ) , any behaviour by the parasite that decreases the fecundity of its host ( and thereby that of the parasite itself ) is unlikely to be favoured by natural selection .
for parasites whose offspring infect the offspring of their host ( vertical transmission ) , any behaviour by the parasite that decreases the fecundity of its host ( and [as such] that of the parasite itself ) is unlikely to be favoured by natural selection .

Charcoal is prepared from vegetable matter and petroleum , and ‘ activation ’ creates a highly developed internal pore structure , thereby increasing the surface area from 2–4 m 2 /g to more than 1000m 2 /g .
charcoal is prepared from vegetable matter and petroleum , and ‘ activation ’ creates a highly developed internal pore structure , [as such] increasing the surface area from 2–4 m 2 /g to more than 1000m 2 /g .

Next , charcoal adsorbs drugs that are secreted in bile , thereby preventing their enterohepatic recirculation .
next , charcoal adsorbs drugs that are secreted in bile , [as such] preventing their enterohepatic recirculation .

The level of understanding they need to play an active part in the process and thereby challenge decisions taken is often underacknowledged .
the level of understanding they need to play an active part in the process and [as such] challenge decisions taken is often underacknowledged .

This seeks to divide the district health authority budget notionally between practices , thereby delegating purchasing authority to each practice .
this seeks to divide the district health authority budget notionally between practices , [as such] delegating purchasing authority to each practice .

Equally , there are dangers in suggesting that all Western economic ills are explained by militant labour or autocratic managers , thereby downplaying differences in the quality and quantity of capital equipment used .
equally , there are dangers in suggesting that all western economic ills are explained by militant labour or autocratic managers , [as such] downplaying differences in the quality and quantity of capital equipment used .

Within this context of the nation as a family , the actions of individuals were expected to be based on selfless service to their immediate group , and thereby to the state .
within this context of the nation as a family , the actions of individuals were expected to be based on selfless service to their immediate group , and [as such] to the state .

Tenants were to be transformed into owner-occupiers and thereby be given a property stake in the new society .
tenants were to be transformed into owner-occupiers and [as such] be given a property stake in the new society .

What is more disturbing for small firms is the propensity of large companies to increase the length of credit notes when their own liquidity is tight , thereby transferring part of their financial burden onto suppliers .
what is more disturbing for small firms is the propensity of large companies to increase the length of credit notes when their own liquidity is tight , [as such] transferring part of their financial burden onto suppliers .

Employers in Japan use all of these methods to prevent the mobility of key workers especially in deferring pay from earlier to later years thereby rewarding highly continuous service to one company .
employers in japan use all of these methods to prevent the mobility of key workers especially in deferring pay from earlier to later years [as such] rewarding highly continuous service to one company .

If the dealer backed his case with some item from that morning 's news , he would appear thereby more on the ball .
if the dealer backed his case with some item from that morning 's news , he would appear [as such] more on the ball .

It is all too easy to daydream while reading and thereby not recognise words which we are looking at , but it is also possible to recognise words which we are not looking at .
it is all too easy to daydream while reading and [as such] not recognise words which we are looking at , but it is also possible to recognise words which we are not looking at .

This approach she adopted in all her subsequent work thereby introducing a revolutionary style of attack on problems of algebra .
this approach she adopted in all her subsequent work [as such] introducing a revolutionary style of attack on problems of algebra .

After his work in geometry perhaps Hilbert 's greatest wish was to prove the consistency of arithmetic and thereby to resolve the `` foundations-crisis `` that attracted philosophers such as Bertrand Russell .
after his work in geometry perhaps hilbert 's greatest wish was to prove the consistency of arithmetic and [as such] to resolve the `` foundations-crisis `` that attracted philosophers such as bertrand russell .

Free debate , free choice and genuine consent require , then , a level of education ( which may not be a formal education ) in social understanding such that people are aware of themselves as the targets of persuasion and propaganda , and are thereby enabled to resist these pressures .
free debate , free choice and genuine consent require , then , a level of education ( which may not be a formal education ) in social understanding such that people are aware of themselves as the targets of persuasion and propaganda , and are [as such] enabled to resist these pressures .

If the domain of a criterion statement is broad the representativeness of assessment tasks is more difficult to arrange and criterion performance may thereby be ambivalent .
if the domain of a criterion statement is broad the representativeness of assessment tasks is more difficult to arrange and criterion performance may [as such] be ambivalent .

Cohen intrudes as little as possible , thereby leaving the subject being photographed free of `` contamination `` .
cohen intrudes as little as possible , [as such] leaving the subject being photographed free of `` contamination `` .

Fourthly , we may single out what is ordinarily called an event or change , partly because of its brief duration , and thereby distinguished from what is called a standing condition — say the movement of a lever as against its tensile strength .
fourthly , we may single out what is ordinarily called an event or change , partly because of its brief duration , and [as such] distinguished from what is called a standing condition — say the movement of a lever as against its tensile strength .

What we have in ( 5 ) might be improved in a number of ways so as to deal with questions and indeed objections , and thereby complicated and indeed greatly complicated .
what we have in ( 5 ) might be improved in a number of ways so as to deal with questions and indeed objections , and [as such] complicated and indeed greatly complicated .

He thereby makes what happens , the smell , into what can properly be called a matter of real chance .
he [as such] makes what happens , the smell , into what can properly be called a matter of real chance .

When we take a belief , desire , or intention to have caused an action , as we commonly do , we are not thereby explaining the action by referring to other actions , let alone mere movements .
when we take a belief , desire , or intention to have caused an action , as we commonly do , we are not [as such] explaining the action by referring to other actions , let alone mere movements .

It is fixing attention upon something afterwards , thereby assigning it , by way of its content , to a type .
it is fixing attention upon something afterwards , [as such] assigning it , by way of its content , to a type .

While it is true that we have until now been concerned with consciousness , and used the term `` mental events `` in the ordinary way so as not to include all that may be included in the mental , the rest of the subject-matter of that domain is not thereby excluded from our coming reflections .
while it is true that we have until now been concerned with consciousness , and used the term `` mental events `` in the ordinary way so as not to include all that may be included in the mental , the rest of the subject-matter of that domain is not [as such] excluded from our coming reflections .

She decided that the best means to this end was to learn Re 's secret name and thereby transfer his power to herself .
she decided that the best means to this end was to learn re 's secret name and [as such] transfer his power to herself .

However , the dead were also afraid of the living , who might desecrate their tombs , destroy their bodies and thereby bring about the eternal annihilation of their identities .
however , the dead were also afraid of the living , who might desecrate their tombs , destroy their bodies and [as such] bring about the eternal annihilation of their identities .

Secondly , the procedure can be divorced from the normal day/night cycle , and thereby allow insemination of eggs at a time which permits study of a subsequent developmental stage during normal working hours .
secondly , the procedure can be divorced from the normal day/night cycle , and [as such] allow insemination of eggs at a time which permits study of a subsequent developmental stage during normal working hours .

As an amateur , he has scrupulously declined invitations to conduct works other than the Second Symphony , thereby preserving the integrity of the performances he does give .
as an amateur , he has scrupulously declined invitations to conduct works other than the second symphony , [as such] preserving the integrity of the performances he does give .

’ phrase , to the questioning figure which Beethoven thereby put into the musical vernacular , severe and demanding ; so it is , but the answer has a positive affirmation which does not exclude merriment .
’ phrase , to the questioning figure which beethoven [as such] put into the musical vernacular , severe and demanding ; so it is , but the answer has a positive affirmation which does not exclude merriment .

We must also consider the opportunity that some occupations have for deliberately restricting access to the acquisition of the skills needed to do the job , thereby keeping down their distribution amongst the population , and enabling them to claim higher rewards in the market place .
we must also consider the opportunity that some occupations have for deliberately restricting access to the acquisition of the skills needed to do the job , [as such] keeping down their distribution amongst the population , and enabling them to claim higher rewards in the market place .

British officials believed the indefinite prolongation of the occupation to be dangerous , particularly because of the restlessness provoked thereby in Japan .
british officials believed the indefinite prolongation of the occupation to be dangerous , particularly because of the restlessness provoked [as such] in japan .

The process was helped by the so-called ‘ automatic stabilisers ’ — the tendency for taxation to increase faster and public spending at a slower rate in a boom , thereby reducing government borrowing , and vice versa in a recession .
the process was helped by the so-called ‘ automatic stabilisers ’ — the tendency for taxation to increase faster and public spending at a slower rate in a boom , [as such] reducing government borrowing , and vice versa in a recession .

The indoor relief ( workhouses ) established by the New Poor Law was widely criticized , but the system as a whole provided a safety net for the poorest , and thereby helped mortality trends .
the indoor relief ( workhouses ) established by the new poor law was widely criticized , but the system as a whole provided a safety net for the poorest , and [as such] helped mortality trends .

’ But what seemed to fall rather short of perfect innocence was a case of ‘ attempting to obtain money by threats of violence ’ where two youths had sent a menacing note to the old lady next door — ‘ Unless you provide £500 in old notes … you will be shot by revolver ’ — thereby reducing her to hysterics .
’ but what seemed to fall rather short of perfect innocence was a case of ‘ attempting to obtain money by threats of violence ’ where two youths had sent a menacing note to the old lady next door — ‘ unless you provide £500 in old notes … you will be shot by revolver ’ — [as such] reducing her to hysterics .

Such developments , to which can be added improvements in the quality of steel used in the making of armour ; the ability , as a consequence , to abandon the use of the shield , thereby freeing the left arm ; and the development of special rests which permitted the use of a much heavier lance , meant that the cavalryman , far from being an outmoded liability on the field , remained an indispensable element of the army , one whose value was , as we have seen , enhanced by training and by association with men using other weapons .
such developments , to which can be added improvements in the quality of steel used in the making of armour ; the ability , as a consequence , to abandon the use of the shield , [as such] freeing the left arm ; and the development of special rests which permitted the use of a much heavier lance , meant that the cavalryman , far from being an outmoded liability on the field , remained an indispensable element of the army , one whose value was , as we have seen , enhanced by training and by association with men using other weapons .

The onus now lay upon the architect to come up with new designs and new ideas with which to counter the rapidly growing effectiveness of artillery aided , from about 1430 , by the reversion to the use of cast-iron shot which , although more expensive than stone shot , did not shatter on impact , could be made more uniformly in greater quantities ( the making of stone shot was , to say the least , laborious ) and in smaller calibre , thereby increasing efficiency by reducing the need for very large and unwieldy cannon .
the onus now lay upon the architect to come up with new designs and new ideas with which to counter the rapidly growing effectiveness of artillery aided , from about 1430 , by the reversion to the use of cast-iron shot which , although more expensive than stone shot , did not shatter on impact , could be made more uniformly in greater quantities ( the making of stone shot was , to say the least , laborious ) and in smaller calibre , [as such] increasing efficiency by reducing the need for very large and unwieldy cannon .

By lowering the height of the wall , and thereby enabling it to be built more thickly , it could be made more effective in both defence and counter-attack .
by lowering the height of the wall , and [as such] enabling it to be built more thickly , it could be made more effective in both defence and counter-attack .

Part of the strategic significance of the English occupation of Normandy , and of the alliance with the dukes of Burgundy , lay in the zone of control which was thereby created : for not only did the English rule both sides of the Channel and the Seine below Paris , but their Burgundian allies controlled the upper reaches above the capital .
part of the strategic significance of the english occupation of normandy , and of the alliance with the dukes of burgundy , lay in the zone of control which was [as such] created : for not only did the english rule both sides of the channel and the seine below paris , but their burgundian allies controlled the upper reaches above the capital .

Leaders turned out not to be willing to give up sovereignty over ‘ low-level ’ political issues ; nor , when they did , were they thereby more inclined to integrate in ‘ high-level ’ politics .
leaders turned out not to be willing to give up sovereignty over ‘ low-level ’ political issues ; nor , when they did , were they [as such] more inclined to integrate in ‘ high-level ’ politics .

This chapter has traced the main phases in the history of International Relations as a discipline and has thereby set an agenda for the rest of the book .
this chapter has traced the main phases in the history of international relations as a discipline and has [as such] set an agenda for the rest of the book .

By ‘ social action ’ Weber refers to action ‘ which takes account of the behaviour of others and is thereby oriented in its course ’ .
by ‘ social action ’ weber refers to action ‘ which takes account of the behaviour of others and is [as such] oriented in its course ’ .

Not to be eclipsed by the opening of Euro Disney , which is seen as a short-break destination , Disney World is celebrating its 20th birthday throughout 1992 with new parades and attractions , thereby redoubling its efforts to attract thousands of transatlantic guests for a two-week ‘ holiday of a lifetime ’ .
not to be eclipsed by the opening of euro disney , which is seen as a short-break destination , disney world is celebrating its 20th birthday throughout 1992 with new parades and attractions , [as such] redoubling its efforts to attract thousands of transatlantic guests for a two-week ‘ holiday of a lifetime ’ .

When designing your garden , plan to include shrubs like pyracantha and Berberis darwinii that give flowers all year round and thereby provide food for wildlife .
when designing your garden , plan to include shrubs like pyracantha and berberis darwinii that give flowers all year round and [as such] provide food for wildlife .

He repudiated his first wife and married a recognised Judaic princess , thereby seeking at least a form of legal sanction .
he repudiated his first wife and married a recognised judaic princess , [as such] seeking at least a form of legal sanction .

Bardic tradition , for example , found a refuge in the Celtic Church and was thereby preserved .
bardic tradition , for example , found a refuge in the celtic church and was [as such] preserved .

in so far as this order purports to have any extraterritorial effect , no person shall be affected thereby or concerned with the terms thereof until it shall be declared enforceable or be enforced by a foreign court and then it shall only affect them to the extent of such declaration or enforcement unless they are :
in so far as this order purports to have any extraterritorial effect , no person shall be affected [as such] or concerned with the terms thereof until it shall be declared enforceable or be enforced by a foreign court and then it shall only affect them to the extent of such declaration or enforcement unless they are :

On 1 March , 1986 , the 29.9 % ceiling on the outside ownership of Stock Exchange firms was abolished altogether , thereby allowing a single non-member to own 100 % of a member firm .
on 1 march , 1986 , the 29.9 % ceiling on the outside ownership of stock exchange firms was abolished altogether , [as such] allowing a single non-member to own 100 % of a member firm .

The more banking is based on the confidence of the customer in the individual bank and the closer , therefore , the bank-customer relationship is , the more severely any misuse of confidential information by a bank or its employees would jeopardize the confidence of present and … future customers of that bank and thereby damage the bank through the loss of business and clients to its competitors .
the more banking is based on the confidence of the customer in the individual bank and the closer , therefore , the bank-customer relationship is , the more severely any misuse of confidential information by a bank or its employees would jeopardize the confidence of present and … future customers of that bank and [as such] damage the bank through the loss of business and clients to its competitors .

Informality means that new loopholes can be speedily and efficiently closed , thereby avoiding both needless expense and the unwieldiness of formal legal processes .
informality means that new loopholes can be speedily and efficiently closed , [as such] avoiding both needless expense and the unwieldiness of formal legal processes .

Intuition is now said to be ‘ feminine ’ , and is opposed to logic ( which is thereby ‘ masculine ’ ) .
intuition is now said to be ‘ feminine ’ , and is opposed to logic ( which is [as such] ‘ masculine ’ ) .

Much morality , and thereby much metaphysics , has been distorted by serving a polemical purpose in a clash of ideals seen as dividing the two sexes .
much morality , and [as such] much metaphysics , has been distorted by serving a polemical purpose in a clash of ideals seen as dividing the two sexes .

Life is constantly astonishing us by confronting us with new kinds of character , and thereby with different kinds of goodness .
life is constantly astonishing us by confronting us with new kinds of character , and [as such] with different kinds of goodness .

Floating , on the other hand , insu-lates a country with stable prices from world inflation since its currency would be continually appreciating , thereby offsetting the rise in import prices .
floating , on the other hand , insu-lates a country with stable prices from world inflation since its currency would be continually appreciating , [as such] offsetting the rise in import prices .

Such a discussion is essential since it enables us to judge the degree to which the successful conduct of monetary policy can influence economic activity and thereby achieve economic objectives .
such a discussion is essential since it enables us to judge the degree to which the successful conduct of monetary policy can influence economic activity and [as such] achieve economic objectives .

So Montblanc began to specialize in the Safety pen , in which the whole nib section could be screwed back into the barrel , thereby sealing the ink container like a cork in a bottle .
so montblanc began to specialize in the safety pen , in which the whole nib section could be screwed back into the barrel , [as such] sealing the ink container like a cork in a bottle .

Middle-class feminists , particularly members of the National Union of Societies for Equal Citizenship , of which Eleanor Rathbone was the President , strongly supported family allowances largely on the grounds that it would undermine the concept of the family wage and thereby ( a rather optimistic thought ) pave the way for equal pay for equal work .
middle-class feminists , particularly members of the national union of societies for equal citizenship , of which eleanor rathbone was the president , strongly supported family allowances largely on the grounds that it would undermine the concept of the family wage and [as such] ( a rather optimistic thought ) pave the way for equal pay for equal work .

‘ Is it not remarkable , ’ she said , her pretty brows arched in bewilderment , ‘ that an organisation set up in support of the family is thereby assumed to be against the welfare state ?
‘ is it not remarkable , ’ she said , her pretty brows arched in bewilderment , ‘ that an organisation set up in support of the family is [as such] assumed to be against the welfare state ?

She has thereby taken the first step towards adult sexuality in developing a wish for a baby .
she has [as such] taken the first step towards adult sexuality in developing a wish for a baby .

In the early phases of civilization 's development , the first phase of ‘ animism ’ , people project their inner emotions and impulses outwards and thereby populate a universe with various spirits and supernatural powers .
in the early phases of civilization 's development , the first phase of ‘ animism ’ , people project their inner emotions and impulses outwards and [as such] populate a universe with various spirits and supernatural powers .

It devalues this life , offers a delusional picture of the world , and thereby intimidates the independent use of intelligence .
it devalues this life , offers a delusional picture of the world , and [as such] intimidates the independent use of intelligence .

any loss or damage arising during ( unless it be proved by the Policyholder that the loss or damage was not occasioned thereby ) or in consequence of riot or civil commotion
any loss or damage arising during ( unless it be proved by the policyholder that the loss or damage was not occasioned [as such] ) or in consequence of riot or civil commotion

As reported in last year 's Annual Report , the most serious factor in relation to purchasing for 1989–90 , owing to Government 's failure to meet the cost of nationally-negotiated pay awards over recent years , was the need to divert purchasing funds to pay essential salary costs during the year , thereby causing substantial reductions in the purchases of printed books of all periods , as well as manuscripts , maps and music .
as reported in last year 's annual report , the most serious factor in relation to purchasing for 1989–90 , owing to government 's failure to meet the cost of nationally-negotiated pay awards over recent years , was the need to divert purchasing funds to pay essential salary costs during the year , [as such] causing substantial reductions in the purchases of printed books of all periods , as well as manuscripts , maps and music .

It is essential that the quality of the carpet is identified , thereby ensuring that we replace like with like .
it is essential that the quality of the carpet is identified , [as such] ensuring that we replace like with like .

The internal floors are in varying stages of readiness — the fifth floor is practically finished thereby allowing work-stations and storage units to be delivered .
the internal floors are in varying stages of readiness — the fifth floor is practically finished [as such] allowing work-stations and storage units to be delivered .

Where one vehicle collides with a number of other vehicles causing a series of two vehicle collisions such a situation will be regarded as a multi-vehicle collision thereby excluding its application from the terms of the Partial Indemnity Clause .
where one vehicle collides with a number of other vehicles causing a series of two vehicle collisions such a situation will be regarded as a multi-vehicle collision [as such] excluding its application from the terms of the partial indemnity clause .

defendant acquiescing in a plaintiffs inexcusable , inordinate and prejudicial delay in prosecuting an action was thereby debarred from having it dismissed for want of prosecution .
defendant acquiescing in a plaintiffs inexcusable , inordinate and prejudicial delay in prosecuting an action was [as such] debarred from having it dismissed for want of prosecution .

a child in utero is to be treated as already born thereby having a right to sue for damages for the death of his father .
a child in utero is to be treated as already born [as such] having a right to sue for damages for the death of his father .

Road Traffic Act Requirements for explosion risks as defined in the policy can be covered on payment of an additional premium , thereby amending part of this exclusion .
road traffic act requirements for explosion risks as defined in the policy can be covered on payment of an additional premium , [as such] amending part of this exclusion .

‘ Putting all this new plant and equipment into operation will provide much more flexible manufacturing systems and thereby bring about significantly reduced stock-holding , ’ explained Phil .
‘ putting all this new plant and equipment into operation will provide much more flexible manufacturing systems and [as such] bring about significantly reduced stock-holding , ’ explained phil .

In the event of any clause or conditions set out in this appointment being declared invalid or unenforceable by any court of competent jurisdiction then all other clauses or terms remain in full force and effect and shall not be affected thereby .
in the event of any clause or conditions set out in this appointment being declared invalid or unenforceable by any court of competent jurisdiction then all other clauses or terms remain in full force and effect and shall not be affected [as such] .

They say that the Banks are trying to create a climate to lower expectations and thereby facilitate the making-up of minds for the final handshake from the Area Manager .
they say that the banks are trying to create a climate to lower expectations and [as such] facilitate the making-up of minds for the final handshake from the area manager .

Given more memory and faster processing , geneticists may be able to store and process huge amounts of information on the human gene , thereby shedding light on what exact differences cause hereditary traits and illnesses .
given more memory and faster processing , geneticists may be able to store and process huge amounts of information on the human gene , [as such] shedding light on what exact differences cause hereditary traits and illnesses .

Biologists may be able to determine the shape of molecules made up of amino acid chains , thereby predicting the effect of drugs before such drugs even exist .
biologists may be able to determine the shape of molecules made up of amino acid chains , [as such] predicting the effect of drugs before such drugs even exist .

The Centre now has some of the most powerful computers in Europe , thereby already establishing the potential of parallel computers .
the centre now has some of the most powerful computers in europe , [as such] already establishing the potential of parallel computers .

The Board 's discussions led to a conclusion that in order to improve profitability and obtain the benefits of economy of scale , it is desirable to merge the subsidiaries into the parent company , thereby creating a single company .
the board 's discussions led to a conclusion that in order to improve profitability and obtain the benefits of economy of scale , it is desirable to merge the subsidiaries into the parent company , [as such] creating a single company .

He congratulated the Association on its decision to affiliate to Congress and thereby join with half a million other workers and their families .
he congratulated the association on its decision to affiliate to congress and [as such] join with half a million other workers and their families .

This was originally used as a sales technique — you shook hands or put your arm around a relation or friend — the idea was to develop this — the salesperson put his/her arm around the buyer and thereby instilled a sense of security into the individual .
this was originally used as a sales technique — you shook hands or put your arm around a relation or friend — the idea was to develop this — the salesperson put his/her arm around the buyer and [as such] instilled a sense of security into the individual .

Our purpose as a public employment service is to help people into work , thereby filling employers ' vacancies , and to pay benefits to those unemployed people entitled to receive them .
our purpose as a public employment service is to help people into work , [as such] filling employers ' vacancies , and to pay benefits to those unemployed people entitled to receive them .

Our purpose as a public employment service is to help people into work , thereby filling employers ' vacancies , and to pay benefits to those unemployment people entitled to receive them .
our purpose as a public employment service is to help people into work , [as such] filling employers ' vacancies , and to pay benefits to those unemployment people entitled to receive them .

From Highways Department — Shared Use Cycle Tracks , Baberton from the eastern side of Baberton Mains Loan and extending east and south east for a distance of 175 metres or thereby to a point immediately north of 8 , Baberton Crescent .
from highways department — shared use cycle tracks , baberton from the eastern side of baberton mains loan and extending east and south east for a distance of 175 metres or [as such] to a point immediately north of 8 , baberton crescent .

There would be no buildings or other structures on the breakwater extension which would raise its height significantly above the existing breakwaters and thereby interfere with the radar station .
there would be no buildings or other structures on the breakwater extension which would raise its height significantly above the existing breakwaters and [as such] interfere with the radar station .

Whereas the way now seems clear for development at Colt Hill between now and 1995/96 , despite the lack of schools capacity , the two sites owned by the Regional Council , which the Local Plan will reaffirm for housing development ( viz. East Braehead and Listloaning ) , are to be denied until after 1995 ( well after the projected survival of the Regional Council — thereby constraining the prospect of capitalising on the full value of these assets ) .
whereas the way now seems clear for development at colt hill between now and 1995/96 , despite the lack of schools capacity , the two sites owned by the regional council , which the local plan will reaffirm for housing development ( viz. east braehead and listloaning ) , are to be denied until after 1995 ( well after the projected survival of the regional council — [as such] constraining the prospect of capitalising on the full value of these assets ) .

The neurological dominance of the large human cerebral cortex has ensured that basic instinct has come increasingly under its control and has thereby lost its specific and rigidly determined character .
the neurological dominance of the large human cerebral cortex has ensured that basic instinct has come increasingly under its control and has [as such] lost its specific and rigidly determined character .

The fact that the maintenance of the hunting bands depended on a traumatic event and its consequences meant that those bands had a reason for needing to repeat the trauma , or at least some effective representation of it , and thereby to perpetuate its consequences — the taboos forbidding incest and parricide .
the fact that the maintenance of the hunting bands depended on a traumatic event and its consequences meant that those bands had a reason for needing to repeat the trauma , or at least some effective representation of it , and [as such] to perpetuate its consequences — the taboos forbidding incest and parricide .

Sandor Rado , in an article devoted to the elucidation of manic-depressive disorders , expresses the opinion that ‘ At the bottom of the melancholiac 's profound dread of impoverishment there is really simply a dread of starvation … drinking at the mother 's breast remains the radiant image of unremitting , forgiving love , ’ and he adds that ‘ It is certainly no mere chance that the Madonna nursing the Child has become the emblem of a mighty religion and thereby the emblem of a whole epoch in our Western civilization .
sandor rado , in an article devoted to the elucidation of manic-depressive disorders , expresses the opinion that ‘ at the bottom of the melancholiac 's profound dread of impoverishment there is really simply a dread of starvation … drinking at the mother 's breast remains the radiant image of unremitting , forgiving love , ’ and he adds that ‘ it is certainly no mere chance that the madonna nursing the child has become the emblem of a mighty religion and [as such] the emblem of a whole epoch in our western civilization .

In particular , it is not difficult to imagine that the oral stage , with its central feature of attachment to the breast , and thereby to the person of the mother , holds rich possibilities for primitive superego-formation , especially if weaning creates a tendency to introject the lost object .
in particular , it is not difficult to imagine that the oral stage , with its central feature of attachment to the breast , and [as such] to the person of the mother , holds rich possibilities for primitive superego-formation , especially if weaning creates a tendency to introject the lost object .

The University as a whole contains well over fifty teachers of history , who between them provide nearly ninety courses — thereby offering students a breadth of choice equalled by only three other British universities .
the university as a whole contains well over fifty teachers of history , who between them provide nearly ninety courses — [as such] offering students a breadth of choice equalled by only three other british universities .

One of the advantages of this approach , or so it is claimed , is that it enables governments to pursue policies based upon consent and voluntary cooperation and thereby to avoid both the ‘ law of the jungle ’ ( monetarism ) and the ‘ jungle of the law ’ ( statutory incomes policies ) .
one of the advantages of this approach , or so it is claimed , is that it enables governments to pursue policies based upon consent and voluntary cooperation and [as such] to avoid both the ‘ law of the jungle ’ ( monetarism ) and the ‘ jungle of the law ’ ( statutory incomes policies ) .

The bureaucrats ' control of appointments in all walks of life increases the dependence of their clients and followers on them for access to social wealth , thereby reinforcing their power base .
the bureaucrats ' control of appointments in all walks of life increases the dependence of their clients and followers on them for access to social wealth , [as such] reinforcing their power base .

It thereby assists the maintenance of domestic capitalist interests and elaborates its repressive apparatuses .
it [as such] assists the maintenance of domestic capitalist interests and elaborates its repressive apparatuses .

It is assumed that , whereas the businessman maximizes profit to maximize his personal utility , the bureaucrat maximizes his budget and thereby his salary , perquisites of office , public reputation , power , patronage , ease of managing the bureau and ease of making changes to public policy which he believes to be in the public interest .
it is assumed that , whereas the businessman maximizes profit to maximize his personal utility , the bureaucrat maximizes his budget and [as such] his salary , perquisites of office , public reputation , power , patronage , ease of managing the bureau and ease of making changes to public policy which he believes to be in the public interest .

This should have the twin advantage of reducing the level of demand to be satisfied by any individual agency whose efficiency should thereby be increased ; and multiplying the information available to budget reviewers , thereby improving the detection of inefficiencies in bureaucratic budgeting .
this should have the twin advantage of reducing the level of demand to be satisfied by any individual agency whose efficiency should [as such] be increased ; and multiplying the information available to budget reviewers , [as such] improving the detection of inefficiencies in bureaucratic budgeting .

Constitutional changes also figure in the public choice programme of reform in order to reduce the power of demand groups , thereby making it more difficult for bureaucrats to oversupply public goods .
constitutional changes also figure in the public choice programme of reform in order to reduce the power of demand groups , [as such] making it more difficult for bureaucrats to oversupply public goods .

In more dramatic terms , the downgrading of domestic industries reflects the success of the transnational capitalist class in dragging them into the global economy and thereby transforming them , even in a rather minimal sense , into transnational industries .
in more dramatic terms , the downgrading of domestic industries reflects the success of the transnational capitalist class in dragging them into the global economy and [as such] transforming them , even in a rather minimal sense , into transnational industries .

Like pectin , psyllium forms a gel which is not digested or absorbed , thereby increasing the viscosity of the meal .
like pectin , psyllium forms a gel which is not digested or absorbed , [as such] increasing the viscosity of the meal .

There is no evidence , however , of surgery patients beginning to cost substantially less , and thereby reversing the large differences in the first year .
there is no evidence , however , of surgery patients beginning to cost substantially less , and [as such] reversing the large differences in the first year .

When bleeding is a steady ooze , it can often be stopped by injections of dilute adrenaline ( 1 in 10000 ) , and this also facilitates completion of the procedure and thereby drainage of the duct .
when bleeding is a steady ooze , it can often be stopped by injections of dilute adrenaline ( 1 in 10000 ) , and this also facilitates completion of the procedure and [as such] drainage of the duct .

Endobiliary fine needle aspiration cytology , in which a fine needle is introduced into the biliary tree either percutaneously or endoscopically , has the potential advantage over other methods of diagnosing biliary strictures in that the needle may be inserted through the strictured area and thereby obtain tissue from outwith the wall of the bile duct .
endobiliary fine needle aspiration cytology , in which a fine needle is introduced into the biliary tree either percutaneously or endoscopically , has the potential advantage over other methods of diagnosing biliary strictures in that the needle may be inserted through the strictured area and [as such] obtain tissue from outwith the wall of the bile duct .

When coal dust is inhaled , particles are cleared by the cilia of the respiratory mucosa into the pharynx , where they are swallowed thereby exposing the upper gastrointestinal mucosa to these compounds contained in the dust .
when coal dust is inhaled , particles are cleared by the cilia of the respiratory mucosa into the pharynx , where they are swallowed [as such] exposing the upper gastrointestinal mucosa to these compounds contained in the dust .

Intended for middle managers with at least two years ' relevant experience it is based on distance learning course and assessment materials which can be integrated with the individual 's work-place activities , thereby minimising career disruptions and maximising the benefits to employee and employer alike .
intended for middle managers with at least two years ' relevant experience it is based on distance learning course and assessment materials which can be integrated with the individual 's work-place activities , [as such] minimising career disruptions and maximising the benefits to employee and employer alike .

Farms could be accumulated without being enclosed , and individual yeomen could , by exchanging strips in the open fields with their neighbours , consolidate their holdings and thereby create a unit which was easier to work .
farms could be accumulated without being enclosed , and individual yeomen could , by exchanging strips in the open fields with their neighbours , consolidate their holdings and [as such] create a unit which was easier to work .

It was not itself a centre of manufacturing , but it outstripped all other ports as a point of transit for English exports and became thereby a major entrepot of international trade .
it was not itself a centre of manufacturing , but it outstripped all other ports as a point of transit for english exports and became [as such] a major entrepot of international trade .

There are some areas of medical activity whose beneficiaries are almost invariably of advanced years and whose practitioners could thereby be claimed to favour older citizens .
there are some areas of medical activity whose beneficiaries are almost invariably of advanced years and whose practitioners could [as such] be claimed to favour older citizens .

Answer guide : As the cost of the goods sold , especially with a small business , is often calculated by taking the opening stock plus purchases less closing stock , the effect would be to reduce the cost of sales figure and thereby increase profit .
answer guide : as the cost of the goods sold , especially with a small business , is often calculated by taking the opening stock plus purchases less closing stock , the effect would be to reduce the cost of sales figure and [as such] increase profit .

Answer guide : Here you would need the information contained in the projections which provide the profit target so that you could attempt to improve on the profit either by increasing sales , or adjusting the staffing of your outlet to reduce the costs and thereby increase the profit .
answer guide : here you would need the information contained in the projections which provide the profit target so that you could attempt to improve on the profit either by increasing sales , or adjusting the staffing of your outlet to reduce the costs and [as such] increase the profit .

Costs and revenues are traced to these centres and compared with planned costs and revenues : thereby the performance of managers and their centres can be measured .
costs and revenues are traced to these centres and compared with planned costs and revenues : [as such] the performance of managers and their centres can be measured .

The ingredient could be retained for other users thereby saving purchases of £34,000 less 25% [ £8,500 ] = £25,500 .
the ingredient could be retained for other users [as such] saving purchases of £34,000 less 25% [ £8,500 ] = £25,500 .

Available space is often the cause of restricting the number of machines that can be installed in a factory and thereby the production capacity .
available space is often the cause of restricting the number of machines that can be installed in a factory and [as such] the production capacity .

Delayed gastric emptying , together with reduced gastric mobility , can augment the perception of fullness and thereby contribute to further dieting .
delayed gastric emptying , together with reduced gastric mobility , can augment the perception of fullness and [as such] contribute to further dieting .

It is possible also that the increased expenditure might alleviate the crowding cost associated with a greater number of people , and in this case the curve would shift to the right , thereby increasing the optimal number of individuals for the community .
it is possible also that the increased expenditure might alleviate the crowding cost associated with a greater number of people , and in this case the curve would shift to the right , [as such] increasing the optimal number of individuals for the community .

However , a given locality may be responsible for the provision of more than one local public good , and local public goods will differ according to their capacity limits and the congestion costs thereby created .
however , a given locality may be responsible for the provision of more than one local public good , and local public goods will differ according to their capacity limits and the congestion costs [as such] created .

This might imply many small communities , thereby missing out on possible gains that would arise from the existence of economies of scale in the production of local output .
this might imply many small communities , [as such] missing out on possible gains that would arise from the existence of economies of scale in the production of local output .

Although sent to his 1947 address in Los Angela , it had finally , almost flukily , caught up with him — and thereby opened a floodgate of memories upon which the years had added their sentimental compound-interest .
although sent to his 1947 address in los angela , it had finally , almost flukily , caught up with him — and [as such] opened a floodgate of memories upon which the years had added their sentimental compound-interest .

Update Baseline allows a user to incorporate a specified list of approved modules into a hierarchical package structure , thereby allowing a new approved baseline to be automatically defined .
update baseline allows a user to incorporate a specified list of approved modules into a hierarchical package structure , [as such] allowing a new approved baseline to be automatically defined .

Having several sons in the trade worked to the general benefit of the family business which could thereby offer a wider range of services .
having several sons in the trade worked to the general benefit of the family business which could [as such] offer a wider range of services .

An antagonist is a substance which is similar enough to a neurotransmitter to occupy its receptors , but is not similar enough to fit perfectly and change the cell 's membrane potential , thereby blocking the receptor .
an antagonist is a substance which is similar enough to a neurotransmitter to occupy its receptors , but is not similar enough to fit perfectly and change the cell 's membrane potential , [as such] blocking the receptor .

The need to penetrate this curtain is imperative , thereby allowing reform so the state is more in tune with the wishes of society .
the need to penetrate this curtain is imperative , [as such] allowing reform so the state is more in tune with the wishes of society .

Movements have accused existing parties of not reflecting the true political nature of the country , ‘ stocking the pores of civil society and frustrating and screening out political dissent ’ , thereby limiting activity in the public domain .
movements have accused existing parties of not reflecting the true political nature of the country , ‘ stocking the pores of civil society and frustrating and screening out political dissent ’ , [as such] limiting activity in the public domain .

Alongside this , there is a need to break down our bureaucracy , thereby reducing the power of the state and the stranglehold it exerts on the nation 's political activities .
alongside this , there is a need to break down our bureaucracy , [as such] reducing the power of the state and the stranglehold it exerts on the nation 's political activities .

Some women argue that female genital mutilation is good because it suppresses sexuality , thereby preserving chastity and preventing promiscuity .
some women argue that female genital mutilation is good because it suppresses sexuality , [as such] preserving chastity and preventing promiscuity .

Smaller runs of different products can be efficiently processed thereby complementing the requirement of their customers who themselves operate on tight stock levels .
smaller runs of different products can be efficiently processed [as such] complementing the requirement of their customers who themselves operate on tight stock levels .

This regulation was exploited by over 1,000 pro-Indian individuals and organizations each applying for the opportunity to participate in the hearings and thereby assist Harper in delaying a vote .
this regulation was exploited by over 1,000 pro-indian individuals and organizations each applying for the opportunity to participate in the hearings and [as such] assist harper in delaying a vote .

The Johannesburg city council on Jan. 30 , 1990 , approved a recommendation that trading areas in the city should be open to all races , thereby enabling blacks to own business property and to operate businesses anywhere in Johannesburg .
the johannesburg city council on jan. 30 , 1990 , approved a recommendation that trading areas in the city should be open to all races , [as such] enabling blacks to own business property and to operate businesses anywhere in johannesburg .

In order to avoid automatic cuts , the summit negotiators faced the prospect of raising taxes and cutting expenditure , or of raising the Gramm-Rudman targets and thereby loosening the only form of discipline governing the budgetary process .
in order to avoid automatic cuts , the summit negotiators faced the prospect of raising taxes and cutting expenditure , or of raising the gramm-rudman targets and [as such] loosening the only form of discipline governing the budgetary process .

It reportedly took until May 21 for the Japanese and South Korean governments to agree a mutually acceptable form of words for the apology , thereby enabling Roh 's visit to take place .
it reportedly took until may 21 for the japanese and south korean governments to agree a mutually acceptable form of words for the apology , [as such] enabling roh 's visit to take place .

In other moves to protect its reserves , the government had on July 3 , 1989 , centralized all foreign exchange operations in the Central Bank , thereby effectively temporarily suspending debt interest payments to private banks also .
in other moves to protect its reserves , the government had on july 3 , 1989 , centralized all foreign exchange operations in the central bank , [as such] effectively temporarily suspending debt interest payments to private banks also .

Shortly before this development , three magistrates who had been seconded to assist Sica had been withdrawn on the grounds that they were working too closely with the police , thereby prejudicing their independence as magistrates .
shortly before this development , three magistrates who had been seconded to assist sica had been withdrawn on the grounds that they were working too closely with the police , [as such] prejudicing their independence as magistrates .

Le Monde of Oct. 5 , 1989 , reported that Parliament had approved a law allowing the establishment of local private television stations and thereby bringing to an end the state broadcasting monopoly .
le monde of oct. 5 , 1989 , reported that parliament had approved a law allowing the establishment of local private television stations and [as such] bringing to an end the state broadcasting monopoly .

Iraq had successfully tested a modified Soviet Scud-B missile ( the al-Husayen ) in 1987 , effectively doubling its 300-km range , thereby placing Tel Aviv , Tehran and Damascus within range .
iraq had successfully tested a modified soviet scud-b missile ( the al-husayen ) in 1987 , effectively doubling its 300-km range , [as such] placing tel aviv , tehran and damascus within range .

The rate on bank loans was thereby raised to 11 per cent .
the rate on bank loans was [as such] raised to 11 per cent .

All-India Radio had reported on July 5 that the Governor of Jammu and Kashmir , Girish Chandra Saxena , had declared the entire Kashmir Valley and the 20-km border belt in Punch and Rajaori districts a " disturbed area " , thereby giving the security forces increased powers to act against " extremists " .
all-india radio had reported on july 5 that the governor of jammu and kashmir , girish chandra saxena , had declared the entire kashmir valley and the 20-km border belt in punch and rajaori districts a " disturbed area " , [as such] giving the security forces increased powers to act against " extremists " .

Amid demands that it replace all ethnic Albanian deputies , of whatever political leaning , the Serbian Assembly voted on July 5 to dissolve the Kosovo Assembly permanently and thereby dismiss the government , and to terminate the contracts of all Kosovo parliamentary officials , transferring the Kosovo body 's responsibilities permanently to the Serbian parliament .
amid demands that it replace all ethnic albanian deputies , of whatever political leaning , the serbian assembly voted on july 5 to dissolve the kosovo assembly permanently and [as such] dismiss the government , and to terminate the contracts of all kosovo parliamentary officials , transferring the kosovo body 's responsibilities permanently to the serbian parliament .

It was estimated that the level of social security contribution cuts suggested by Moynihan would increase the 1991 budget deficit by $ 55,000 million , thereby making it imperative to impose real cuts in spending or to raise new taxes if the Gramm-Rudman target was to be achieved .
it was estimated that the level of social security contribution cuts suggested by moynihan would increase the 1991 budget deficit by $ 55,000 million , [as such] making it imperative to impose real cuts in spending or to raise new taxes if the gramm-rudman target was to be achieved .

On Jan. 25 , 1990 , Bhutto gave birth to a daughter ( thereby becoming the first head of government to give birth while in office ) ; the withdrawal of the Prime Minister from public life during the latter months of her pregnancy increased the aura of indecisiveness surrounding the government , particularly as the Cabinet had offered its resignation in mid-November ( see p. 37043 ) .
on jan. 25 , 1990 , bhutto gave birth to a daughter ( [as such] becoming the first head of government to give birth while in office ) ; the withdrawal of the prime minister from public life during the latter months of her pregnancy increased the aura of indecisiveness surrounding the government , particularly as the cabinet had offered its resignation in mid-november ( see p. 37043 ) .

Unless they did so , he warned , he would abandon the bipartisan sprit of the negotiations and publicly denounce them ; he also threatened to veto all spending bills and thereby trigger the automatic Gramm-Rudman cuts .
unless they did so , he warned , he would abandon the bipartisan sprit of the negotiations and publicly denounce them ; he also threatened to veto all spending bills and [as such] trigger the automatic gramm-rudman cuts .

Features of the new Constitution included the expansion of the National Assembly from 99 to 108 members , to be equally divided between Christians and Moslems ( thereby abolishing the existing system based on a 6:5 Christian : Moslem ratio ) .
features of the new constitution included the expansion of the national assembly from 99 to 108 members , to be equally divided between christians and moslems ( [as such] abolishing the existing system based on a 6:5 christian : moslem ratio ) .

The leaders returned to the Knesset for the vote , in which the Shamir government was defeated by 60 votes to 55 ( with five abstentions ) , and was thereby relegated to the status of a minority-backed caretaker administration .
the leaders returned to the knesset for the vote , in which the shamir government was defeated by 60 votes to 55 ( with five abstentions ) , and was [as such] relegated to the status of a minority-backed caretaker administration .

The conduct of the by-election was investigated by the central Election Commission , which , in an unprecedented decision on March 7 , countermanded the by-election on the grounds of electoral malpractice , thereby effectively ordering a full re-poll .
the conduct of the by-election was investigated by the central election commission , which , in an unprecedented decision on march 7 , countermanded the by-election on the grounds of electoral malpractice , [as such] effectively ordering a full re-poll .

Its main purpose was to give legitimacy to the nine-year-old Crown Prince and thereby to prevent other claims to the Bhutanese throne .
its main purpose was to give legitimacy to the nine-year-old crown prince and [as such] to prevent other claims to the bhutanese throne .

As a result , no hints of James having broken a contractual obligation found its way into the Declaration of Rights , which simply concluded that James had `` abdicated the Government `` and that the throne was `` thereby vacant `` .
as a result , no hints of james having broken a contractual obligation found its way into the declaration of rights , which simply concluded that james had `` abdicated the government `` and that the throne was `` [as such] vacant `` .

Among other things that it is the teacher who has all the good ideas , thereby making it difficult to hand over responsibility for decision making to the children .
among other things that it is the teacher who has all the good ideas , [as such] making it difficult to hand over responsibility for decision making to the children .

Children are excited by it ; it helps reinforce the children 's understanding of and commitment to the time shift , and in this case introduces the idea of a journal as part of the fiction , thereby leading into writing-in-role activities . )
children are excited by it ; it helps reinforce the children 's understanding of and commitment to the time shift , and in this case introduces the idea of a journal as part of the fiction , [as such] leading into writing-in-role activities . )

Even at its simplest your intervention — supports the children in their role-play introduces the idea that you , the teacher , can play a role yourself creates the possibility of formalising their language creates the possibility of introducing some simple work in other curriculum areas ( e.g. counting ) encourages them to think beyond the immediate , maybe introducing simple notions of cause and effect narrative gives you the opportunity to introduce simple signals indicating when you are in and out of role , thereby accustoming them to this strategy for when you use it later in a whole group drama .
even at its simplest your intervention — supports the children in their role-play introduces the idea that you , the teacher , can play a role yourself creates the possibility of formalising their language creates the possibility of introducing some simple work in other curriculum areas ( e.g. counting ) encourages them to think beyond the immediate , maybe introducing simple notions of cause and effect narrative gives you the opportunity to introduce simple signals indicating when you are in and out of role , [as such] accustoming them to this strategy for when you use it later in a whole group drama .

Frequently , young children use `` magic `` as a way of solving problems , and thereby avoiding the drama .
frequently , young children use `` magic `` as a way of solving problems , and [as such] avoiding the drama .

The basic obligation of GEMMs is `` to make on demand and in any trading conditions , continuous and effective two-way prices at which they stand committed to deal in appropriate size … thereby providing continuous liquidity for the investing public `` .
the basic obligation of gemms is `` to make on demand and in any trading conditions , continuous and effective two-way prices at which they stand committed to deal in appropriate size … [as such] providing continuous liquidity for the investing public `` .

And it was equally insistent that a policy of retreat would cause dismay in Washington , thereby diminishing Britain 's ability to exert influence over American policy .
and it was equally insistent that a policy of retreat would cause dismay in washington , [as such] diminishing britain 's ability to exert influence over american policy .

Other areas ( or `` dominoes `` ) in South-East Asia would fall to communism , thereby adding to the credibility of the claims of communists that history was on their side .
other areas ( or `` dominoes `` ) in south-east asia would fall to communism , [as such] adding to the credibility of the claims of communists that history was on their side .

However , the simultaneous availability of both calls and puts may have the effect of diminishing the depth of the market in both types of instruments , and thereby reducing their liquidity .
however , the simultaneous availability of both calls and puts may have the effect of diminishing the depth of the market in both types of instruments , and [as such] reducing their liquidity .

The dynamic process generating endogenous economies of scale leads exchanges to compete by being first off the mark in a particular contract so as to achieve a sufficiently high level of trading , and consequently liquidity , and thereby low transactions costs for the traders in that contract .
the dynamic process generating endogenous economies of scale leads exchanges to compete by being first off the mark in a particular contract so as to achieve a sufficiently high level of trading , and consequently liquidity , and [as such] low transactions costs for the traders in that contract .

Britain agreed to offer mediation between Greeks and Turks on the basis of Greek autonomy , thereby removing at least one of the reasons for Russian military intervention in the Balkans .
britain agreed to offer mediation between greeks and turks on the basis of greek autonomy , [as such] removing at least one of the reasons for russian military intervention in the balkans .

We are of necessity constantly breaking the rules and thereby committing sin , but some kinds of offence are more disturbing than others .
we are of necessity constantly breaking the rules and [as such] committing sin , but some kinds of offence are more disturbing than others .

One good reason why such people ( if they want to become anthropologists ) should start off by studying a cultural system which is radically different from their own is that they can thereby undergo the traumatic experience of discovering that , in other societies , this deeply emotive private/public distinction may operate in quite a different way .
one good reason why such people ( if they want to become anthropologists ) should start off by studying a cultural system which is radically different from their own is that they can [as such] undergo the traumatic experience of discovering that , in other societies , this deeply emotive private/public distinction may operate in quite a different way .

It is also wise to make the most of any planned concessions by using them to achieve a notable reduction in tension , thereby making it more likely that the seller will reciprocate .
it is also wise to make the most of any planned concessions by using them to achieve a notable reduction in tension , [as such] making it more likely that the seller will reciprocate .

Good negotiating discipline is to sum regularly , thereby ensuring points of progress are agreed and noted stage by stage .
good negotiating discipline is to sum regularly , [as such] ensuring points of progress are agreed and noted stage by stage .

In many instances it is perhaps better for the client to also send a letter ( copied to us ) to his other professional advisers informing them of our role and thereby introducing us .
in many instances it is perhaps better for the client to also send a letter ( copied to us ) to his other professional advisers informing them of our role and [as such] introducing us .

It is an offence under Section 47(2) to do any act or engage in any course of conduct which creates a false or misleading impression as to the market price or value of any investments if the purpose is to create that impression and thereby induce another person to acquire , dispose of , subscribe for or underwrite those investments or to refrain from doing so or to exercise or refrain from exercising any rights conferred by those investments .
it is an offence under section 47(2) to do any act or engage in any course of conduct which creates a false or misleading impression as to the market price or value of any investments if the purpose is to create that impression and [as such] induce another person to acquire , dispose of , subscribe for or underwrite those investments or to refrain from doing so or to exercise or refrain from exercising any rights conferred by those investments .

The board should minute the projections thereby approving them before the Information memorandum is distributed .
the board should minute the projections [as such] approving them before the information memorandum is distributed .

Consider retaining Network members on a fee paying basis to deliver the Investment Overview to foreign prospective purchasers and thereby enhance preliminary contact and follow-up .
consider retaining network members on a fee paying basis to deliver the investment overview to foreign prospective purchasers and [as such] enhance preliminary contact and follow-up .

The acquirer should not agree to a clause which states that if by completion it is aware of a breach of warranty and it still elects to proceed to completion it thereby waives any claim for damages .
the acquirer should not agree to a clause which states that if by completion it is aware of a breach of warranty and it still elects to proceed to completion it [as such] waives any claim for damages .

But it may be reasonable to put on the Purchaser the onus of investigating the contracts — thereby reducing the need for Warranty 6.3 .
but it may be reasonable to put on the purchaser the onus of investigating the contracts — [as such] reducing the need for warranty 6.3 .

" We are delighted to have been awarded full Order off Merit status on the European Tour , and the fact that we are coming to Fulford and thereby preserving an unbroken record of 20 years championship golf in this region , is equally pleasing , " said Paul Vaughan , Sponsorship Director of Whitbread & Company .
" we are delighted to have been awarded full order off merit status on the european tour , and the fact that we are coming to fulford and [as such] preserving an unbroken record of 20 years championship golf in this region , is equally pleasing , " said paul vaughan , sponsorship director of whitbread & company .

Should we look to it for a pool of inventive talent that actively embodied novelty in its products , and thereby provided pressure for technical change among its customers ; or rather , for provision of engineering skills that responded passively to the demands made upon it by the inventiveness of its clients consumer industries and civil engineers ?
should we look to it for a pool of inventive talent that actively embodied novelty in its products , and [as such] provided pressure for technical change among its customers ; or rather , for provision of engineering skills that responded passively to the demands made upon it by the inventiveness of its clients consumer industries and civil engineers ?

This project aims to achieve a clearer understanding of all the contextual factors influencing decisions made by voters in a representative English country during the so-called ‘ first age of paraty , ’ thereby making a significant contribution to knowledge in the fields of historical psephology and eighteenth-century political history .
this project aims to achieve a clearer understanding of all the contextual factors influencing decisions made by voters in a representative english country during the so-called ‘ first age of paraty , ’ [as such] making a significant contribution to knowledge in the fields of historical psephology and eighteenth-century political history .

The Redundancy Payments Act of 1965 was introduced to give redundant workers some recompense for losing their jobs and to encourage companies to release labour they no longer required ( feather-bedding ) , thereby encouraging labour mobility in the face of growing changes in the technological make-up of industry .
the redundancy payments act of 1965 was introduced to give redundant workers some recompense for losing their jobs and to encourage companies to release labour they no longer required ( feather-bedding ) , [as such] encouraging labour mobility in the face of growing changes in the technological make-up of industry .

Given the substantial changes in the economic , political , and business environment of large firms over the past two decades , a critical factor affecting the relative competitive position of British firms must be the capability of firms to adjust and adapt to major changes in the environments and thereby improve their competitive performance .
given the substantial changes in the economic , political , and business environment of large firms over the past two decades , a critical factor affecting the relative competitive position of british firms must be the capability of firms to adjust and adapt to major changes in the environments and [as such] improve their competitive performance .

The objectives of the Unit as laid out in its constitution are as follows : to undertake industrial relations research of a long-term multidisciplinary character ; to contribute towards improving the quality of data and of understanding that is available for industrial relations policy-making by government , employers and trade unions ; to provide for a concentration of resources and continuity of work and thereby improve career opportunities for research workers and facilitate large-scale research projects ; to enhance the quality of industrial relations teaching and research activity of the School of Industrial and Business Studies ; to be a national and international centre for industrial relations research and to attract suitable visiting researchers and research students to the University .
the objectives of the unit as laid out in its constitution are as follows : to undertake industrial relations research of a long-term multidisciplinary character ; to contribute towards improving the quality of data and of understanding that is available for industrial relations policy-making by government , employers and trade unions ; to provide for a concentration of resources and continuity of work and [as such] improve career opportunities for research workers and facilitate large-scale research projects ; to enhance the quality of industrial relations teaching and research activity of the school of industrial and business studies ; to be a national and international centre for industrial relations research and to attract suitable visiting researchers and research students to the university .

The day to day process of making capital investment decisions in our major corporations allocates the resources of society thereby having a long term impact upon the organizations involved and ultimately upon us all .
the day to day process of making capital investment decisions in our major corporations allocates the resources of society [as such] having a long term impact upon the organizations involved and ultimately upon us all .

The objectives of the research are to increase understanding of the problems and difficulties associated with implementing performance management in a single government policy area which straddles central government , local government and a range of statutory agencies ; and to evaluate those changing practices across a spectrum of organisations and thereby to assess the quality of approach in order to disseminate best practice .
the objectives of the research are to increase understanding of the problems and difficulties associated with implementing performance management in a single government policy area which straddles central government , local government and a range of statutory agencies ; and to evaluate those changing practices across a spectrum of organisations and [as such] to assess the quality of approach in order to disseminate best practice .

Straw is largely seen as a waste product but treatment with caustic soda , ammonia or urea can increase its nutrient content , thereby producing an economical animal feed which could supplement existing hay and silage feed systems .
straw is largely seen as a waste product but treatment with caustic soda , ammonia or urea can increase its nutrient content , [as such] producing an economical animal feed which could supplement existing hay and silage feed systems .

One of the aims of the newly introduced Crown Prosecution Service is to increase consistency in prosecutors ' policy across the country and thereby ensure a more consistent standard of justice .
one of the aims of the newly introduced crown prosecution service is to increase consistency in prosecutors ' policy across the country and [as such] ensure a more consistent standard of justice .

However this largely-quantitative work seeks to understand relationships predominantly in terms of economic power , thereby ignoring the importance of emotional bonds .
however this largely-quantitative work seeks to understand relationships predominantly in terms of economic power , [as such] ignoring the importance of emotional bonds .

They propose to research the patterns of socialization operating within the evangelical-baptist culture and thereby to investigate the effect on educational achievement of the cluster of variables they expect to uncover as emphasis on bible study and abstention from aspects of secular culture .
they propose to research the patterns of socialization operating within the evangelical-baptist culture and [as such] to investigate the effect on educational achievement of the cluster of variables they expect to uncover as emphasis on bible study and abstention from aspects of secular culture .

Most recently the White Paper ‘ Buses ’ ( Cmmd 9300 , 1984 ) has proposed the complete abolition of road service licences thereby allowing open competition on stage carriage services .
most recently the white paper ‘ buses ’ ( cmmd 9300 , 1984 ) has proposed the complete abolition of road service licences [as such] allowing open competition on stage carriage services .

The Province-wide project employs both quantitative and qualitative methods to collect data and includes a proportion of male respondents within the sample , thereby allowing comparisons of political participation to be drawn on the basis of , among other things , sex and gender .
the province-wide project employs both quantitative and qualitative methods to collect data and includes a proportion of male respondents within the sample , [as such] allowing comparisons of political participation to be drawn on the basis of , among other things , sex and gender .

Kirkman Finlay who was represented by an advocate at the district meeting complained that his opponent had been guilty of bribery and corruption and had thereby disqualified himself .
kirkman finlay who was represented by an advocate at the district meeting complained that his opponent had been guilty of bribery and corruption and had [as such] disqualified himself .

If the motor is operating as part of a position control system the Pull.out torque must be Produced at all speeds ; any surplus of motor torque over load torque accelerates the system to a higher speed and thereby reduces the positioning time .
if the motor is operating as part of a position control system the pull.out torque must be produced at all speeds ; any surplus of motor torque over load torque accelerates the system to a higher speed and [as such] reduces the positioning time .

One comes across a man who resigned his post because of the grief occasioned by the death of a son ; or another who , from disappointed expectations , turned to drugs and thereby unfitted himself for the offices he coveted .
one comes across a man who resigned his post because of the grief occasioned by the death of a son ; or another who , from disappointed expectations , turned to drugs and [as such] unfitted himself for the offices he coveted .

He writes : Molla Hacihasanzade , who became kazasker for twenty-five years continuously through purposing the turning away and hindering of those capable of achieving renown by directing them to the path of kaza [ kadilik ] and of those who were spoken of as outstanding in excellence among their contemporaries by impeding their passage through the ranks ; and who had by this stratagem , over so long a period , found safety from the crush of those ulema who , by right of learning and excellence , might have passed through the ranks and become rivals to him … In other words , controlling as he did the nominations to all learned appointments in whichever of the areas he was then kazasker , he would urge young scholars to enter the relative dead end of the career of kasabat kadi and thereby prevent them from passing up through the ranks of medreses to become candidates for mevleviyets and thus rivals to his own position .
he writes : molla hacihasanzade , who became kazasker for twenty-five years continuously through purposing the turning away and hindering of those capable of achieving renown by directing them to the path of kaza [ kadilik ] and of those who were spoken of as outstanding in excellence among their contemporaries by impeding their passage through the ranks ; and who had by this stratagem , over so long a period , found safety from the crush of those ulema who , by right of learning and excellence , might have passed through the ranks and become rivals to him … in other words , controlling as he did the nominations to all learned appointments in whichever of the areas he was then kazasker , he would urge young scholars to enter the relative dead end of the career of kasabat kadi and [as such] prevent them from passing up through the ranks of medreses to become candidates for mevleviyets and thus rivals to his own position .

But once one team has started to dominate the gene pool of a species it thereby has an automatic advantage .
but once one team has started to dominate the gene pool of a species it [as such] has an automatic advantage .

Thereby making Mr Moon her neighbour .
[as such] making mr moon her neighbour .

These trends are paralleled in the major centres , thereby reinforcing the suggestion that individual groups of sites may have been the responsibility of the same builders .
these trends are paralleled in the major centres , [as such] reinforcing the suggestion that individual groups of sites may have been the responsibility of the same builders .

Work at the north end of Normangate Field in 1974–5 dated the allotments here to the earlier second century at least , thereby suggesting that land closer to the town centre must have been surveyed and allotted at this time or even earlier .
work at the north end of normangate field in 1974–5 dated the allotments here to the earlier second century at least , [as such] suggesting that land closer to the town centre must have been surveyed and allotted at this time or even earlier .

In the long run , investment will also affect the supply side of the economy , raising its productive potential and thereby pushing outwards the production frontier .
in the long run , investment will also affect the supply side of the economy , raising its productive potential and [as such] pushing outwards the production frontier .

of providing him with that good or service , thereby encouraging excessive consumption of the item .
of providing him with that good or service , [as such] encouraging excessive consumption of the item .

The higher demand would raise the market price of the asset and thereby reduce the yield .
the higher demand would raise the market price of the asset and [as such] reduce the yield .

If shareholders object to profits being retained rather than paid out as dividends they may sell their shares , thereby increasing the likelihood of a takeover by a predator .
if shareholders object to profits being retained rather than paid out as dividends they may sell their shares , [as such] increasing the likelihood of a takeover by a predator .

The prime business of the eight members of the London Discount Market Association is to buy bills at a discount and hold them until redemption date , thereby taking a profit .
the prime business of the eight members of the london discount market association is to buy bills at a discount and hold them until redemption date , [as such] taking a profit .

’ This type of guarantee was in the past commonly created by the manufacturer supplying with the goods a reply paid postcard which the purchaser was asked to fill in and post , thereby accepting its terms .
’ this type of guarantee was in the past commonly created by the manufacturer supplying with the goods a reply paid postcard which the purchaser was asked to fill in and post , [as such] accepting its terms .

With this defence the defendant is saying that the plaintiff has failed to take reasonable care and thereby been partly responsible for his own injuries , loss or damage .
with this defence the defendant is saying that the plaintiff has failed to take reasonable care and [as such] been partly responsible for his own injuries , loss or damage .

When the seller exercises his right of resale — whether under subsection ( 3 ) or under subsection ( 4 ) , the contract with the first buyer is thereby rescinded .
when the seller exercises his right of resale — whether under subsection ( 3 ) or under subsection ( 4 ) , the contract with the first buyer is [as such] rescinded .

For example , where a manufacturer sells goods in sealed containers to a distributor who re-sells them , that distributor does not thereby lose his right of rejection .
for example , where a manufacturer sells goods in sealed containers to a distributor who re-sells them , that distributor does not [as such] lose his right of rejection .

It is the hall mark of a contract of sale of goods that the parties enter into a mutual commitment that the buyer thereby acquires or shall acquire ownership of the goods .
it is the hall mark of a contract of sale of goods that the parties enter into a mutual commitment that the buyer [as such] acquires or shall acquire ownership of the goods .

The government thereby gave up the attempt to impose a solution and admitted that the people of Northern Ireland must be given an opportunity to work out for themselves how they should be governed .
the government [as such] gave up the attempt to impose a solution and admitted that the people of northern ireland must be given an opportunity to work out for themselves how they should be governed .

Costs penalties to be imposed on legal aid matrimonial litigants where there is clear evidence that they are adopting an unco-operative approach to their divorce or separation proceedings , thereby lengthening the process and increasing its cost .
costs penalties to be imposed on legal aid matrimonial litigants where there is clear evidence that they are adopting an unco-operative approach to their divorce or separation proceedings , [as such] lengthening the process and increasing its cost .

Attending external events , and giving training , including giving speeches where required to do so , thereby contributing to public understanding of the judiciary .
attending external events , and giving training , including giving speeches where required to do so , [as such] contributing to public understanding of the judiciary .

prepare detailed specifications of plant items and thereby become a discerning and knowledgeable purchaser of equipment and services ;
prepare detailed specifications of plant items and [as such] become a discerning and knowledgeable purchaser of equipment and services ;

take an informed view of future trends , both technical and legislative , and thereby generate confidence that the proposed solution will not be rendered obsolete in the near future .
take an informed view of future trends , both technical and legislative , and [as such] generate confidence that the proposed solution will not be rendered obsolete in the near future .

Members will have noted a familiar name among the authors above , which engenders confidence in the presumption of correct and thorough irrigation techniques and thereby an accurately sectioned subject .
members will have noted a familiar name among the authors above , which engenders confidence in the presumption of correct and thorough irrigation techniques and [as such] an accurately sectioned subject .

Babies born preterm are likely to lack surfactant — a material that covers the surface of the lung , lowering surface tension in the alveolus and thereby preventing lung collapse on breathing out .
babies born preterm are likely to lack surfactant — a material that covers the surface of the lung , lowering surface tension in the alveolus and [as such] preventing lung collapse on breathing out .

This is a policy which surprised some software specialists who originally felt that Commodore would avoid becoming software publishers themselves in order not to compete with , and thereby discourage , third party publishers .
this is a policy which surprised some software specialists who originally felt that commodore would avoid becoming software publishers themselves in order not to compete with , and [as such] discourage , third party publishers .

Early on , the Congress won the right to control Russia 's central bank , which has since kept on printing money with which to subsidize bankrupt enterprises , thereby undermining Yeltsin 's efforts to engineer economic reform .
early on , the congress won the right to control russia 's central bank , which has since kept on printing money with which to subsidize bankrupt enterprises , [as such] undermining yeltsin 's efforts to engineer economic reform .

The universities are also concerned that in three years they may be obliged to give any available permanent position to a WIPer instead of advertising it for open competition , thereby reducing their ability to attract the best talent .
the universities are also concerned that in three years they may be obliged to give any available permanent position to a wiper instead of advertising it for open competition , [as such] reducing their ability to attract the best talent .

This simplicity is , of course , in many respects the precise object of their management , because energy and nutrients are thereby channelled as directly as possible into human consumption with few sidechains and reduction in the losses involved in transferring energy between trophic levels .
this simplicity is , of course , in many respects the precise object of their management , because energy and nutrients are [as such] channelled as directly as possible into human consumption with few sidechains and reduction in the losses involved in transferring energy between trophic levels .

The movement activates the servo-motor , which alters the hydrostatic head thereby counteracting the flow .
the movement activates the servo-motor , which alters the hydrostatic head [as such] counteracting the flow .

Chains possessing groups which encourage strong intermolecular attraction thereby stabilizing the alignment .
chains possessing groups which encourage strong intermolecular attraction [as such] stabilizing the alignment .

This is presumably a result of the flexibility of the chain which allows extensive convolution thereby impeding stabilization of the required long range alignment .
this is presumably a result of the flexibility of the chain which allows extensive convolution [as such] impeding stabilization of the required long range alignment .

As a result , various portions of one chain may become incorporated in more than one crystallite during growth , thereby imposing a strain on the polymer which retards the process of crystallite formation .
as a result , various portions of one chain may become incorporated in more than one crystallite during growth , [as such] imposing a strain on the polymer which retards the process of crystallite formation .

By working with solutions in which the amount of polymer is considerably less than 0.1 per cent the chance of a chain being incorporated in more than one crystal is greatly reduced , thereby increasing the possibility of isolated single crystals being formed .
by working with solutions in which the amount of polymer is considerably less than 0.1 per cent the chance of a chain being incorporated in more than one crystal is greatly reduced , [as such] increasing the possibility of isolated single crystals being formed .

Heating will cause a polymer sample to expand thereby creating more room for movement of each kinetic unit and the application of a stress in a particular direction will encourage flow by segmental motion in the direction of the stress .
heating will cause a polymer sample to expand [as such] creating more room for movement of each kinetic unit and the application of a stress in a particular direction will encourage flow by segmental motion in the direction of the stress .

To a first approximation it is also possible to write thereby allowing use of the data from either type of measurement to characterize the sample .
to a first approximation it is also possible to write [as such] allowing use of the data from either type of measurement to characterize the sample .

If on the other hand , the stress is maintained , strain relief is sought by converting the excess free energy into heat , thereby stimulating the thermal motion of the segments back to their original positions .
if on the other hand , the stress is maintained , strain relief is sought by converting the excess free energy into heat , [as such] stimulating the thermal motion of the segments back to their original positions .

He was harsh : his brutality in the taking of Alençon was such that the war against him collapsed and men 's lives , you might say , were thereby preserved in the end .
he was harsh : his brutality in the taking of alençon was such that the war against him collapsed and men 's lives , you might say , were [as such] preserved in the end .

Siward had merely killed his wife 's uncle , as Carl Thorbrandsson had already killed his wife 's father , and had joined thereby the bloody brethren of kinsmen whose lethal manoeuvrings had kept him busy for the twelve years he had now held the earldom .
siward had merely killed his wife 's uncle , as carl thorbrandsson had already killed his wife 's father , and had joined [as such] the bloody brethren of kinsmen whose lethal manoeuvrings had kept him busy for the twelve years he had now held the earldom .

Gould , he said in his book on Taxidermy , was ‘ a zealous and very able ornithologist , now travelling in Australia , who has published some valuable , although very expensive works upon birds … We trust the author will hereafter reprint these expensive volumes in such a form as that they may be accessible to naturalists ; and thereby diffuse science , instead of restricting it to those only who are wealthy .
gould , he said in his book on taxidermy , was ‘ a zealous and very able ornithologist , now travelling in australia , who has published some valuable , although very expensive works upon birds … we trust the author will hereafter reprint these expensive volumes in such a form as that they may be accessible to naturalists ; and [as such] diffuse science , instead of restricting it to those only who are wealthy .

She also notes ways in which installations , referencing and drawing upon the mass media and a range of other cultural sources , tend to bridge the gap between fine art and popular culture , thereby challenging the idea of the single fixed meaning and , indeed , conventional assumptions involved in the ‘ making sense ’ of visual imagery .
she also notes ways in which installations , referencing and drawing upon the mass media and a range of other cultural sources , tend to bridge the gap between fine art and popular culture , [as such] challenging the idea of the single fixed meaning and , indeed , conventional assumptions involved in the ‘ making sense ’ of visual imagery .

it is an artists ' book of the first order , the making of which has been managed from beginning to end by the artist herself , thereby satisfying her desire for creative control over every aspect of its production .
it is an artists ' book of the first order , the making of which has been managed from beginning to end by the artist herself , [as such] satisfying her desire for creative control over every aspect of its production .

‘ That the Directors be and are hereby authorised to establish and to permit the Company 's subsidiaries to establish such employee share schemes as they consider appropriate for the participation therein of employees of the Company or any of its subsidiaries who are resident or working overseas , and from time to time to make to permit the making of such alterations thereto as they consider necessary or appropriate provided always that the terms of such schemes shall , as far as is appropriate having regard to local circumstances and local taxation consideration , be similar to those of the Dawson International Savings Related Share Option Scheme and that the overall limits on the number of Ordinary Shares in the Company which may be subscribed for under all the Company 's employee share schemes shall not be increased thereby and that Ordinary Shares which may be subscribed for under such overseas schemes shall count towards such limits . ’
‘ that the directors be and are hereby authorised to establish and to permit the company 's subsidiaries to establish such employee share schemes as they consider appropriate for the participation therein of employees of the company or any of its subsidiaries who are resident or working overseas , and from time to time to make to permit the making of such alterations thereto as they consider necessary or appropriate provided always that the terms of such schemes shall , as far as is appropriate having regard to local circumstances and local taxation consideration , be similar to those of the dawson international savings related share option scheme and that the overall limits on the number of ordinary shares in the company which may be subscribed for under all the company 's employee share schemes shall not be increased [as such] and that ordinary shares which may be subscribed for under such overseas schemes shall count towards such limits . ’

Social cohesion was thereby at risk .
social cohesion was [as such] at risk .

The physical segregation of the city ‘ offers the group , and thereby the individuals who compose the group , a place and a role in the total organisation of city life ’ .
the physical segregation of the city ‘ offers the group , and [as such] the individuals who compose the group , a place and a role in the total organisation of city life ’ .

The detached individual ( see Figure 2.7 ) thereby joins a ‘ criminal gang ’ .
the detached individual ( see figure 2.7 ) [as such] joins a ‘ criminal gang ’ .

The home thereby acquires a special significance ; an institution protected by the males , if necessary by aggressive actions towards others .
the home [as such] acquires a special significance ; an institution protected by the males , if necessary by aggressive actions towards others .

It is thereby often based on a childhood authority figure such as the father or mother .
it is [as such] often based on a childhood authority figure such as the father or mother .

The Chicago School , as we have seen , argued that there actually was some characteristic feature of the ‘ urban way of life ’ : one entailing separation and isolation of people from one another and thereby generating crime and social disorder .
the chicago school , as we have seen , argued that there actually was some characteristic feature of the ‘ urban way of life ’ : one entailing separation and isolation of people from one another and [as such] generating crime and social disorder .

They have thereby developed few class allegiances and few commitments to large-scale theories about how society is , or should be , organised .
they have [as such] developed few class allegiances and few commitments to large-scale theories about how society is , or should be , organised .

Understanding the actual forms and extents of state intervention thereby becomes a largely empirical matter .
understanding the actual forms and extents of state intervention [as such] becomes a largely empirical matter .

Develop a formal plan : set objectives and policies in relation to the achievement of organisational goals and thereby enable the effective and efficient deployment of resources .
develop a formal plan : set objectives and policies in relation to the achievement of organisational goals and [as such] enable the effective and efficient deployment of resources .

Establish credibility through success : build up user confidence through previous success , thereby promoting cooperation and lowering barriers .
establish credibility through success : build up user confidence through previous success , [as such] promoting cooperation and lowering barriers .

Why , basically , those purely benevolent intentions of medical gentlemen who had introduced and applied theories of hygiene , of infection , of vaccination , and of innoculation , thereby managing to reduce the appalling infant mortality rate !
why , basically , those purely benevolent intentions of medical gentlemen who had introduced and applied theories of hygiene , of infection , of vaccination , and of innoculation , [as such] managing to reduce the appalling infant mortality rate !

‘ Thereby accounting for the jealousies of Lady Lavinia and Araminta both .
‘ [as such] accounting for the jealousies of lady lavinia and araminta both .

In the film version , Peter Sellers played the role of the simpleton gardner who repeats ( in a slow , almost meditative style ) what other people say to him , and is thereby thought to be highly perceptive .
in the film version , peter sellers played the role of the simpleton gardner who repeats ( in a slow , almost meditative style ) what other people say to him , and is [as such] thought to be highly perceptive .

We could n't afford this , we could n't afford that : and our lives and our friendships and our marriages and our children were thereby curtailed , limited .
we could n't afford this , we could n't afford that : and our lives and our friendships and our marriages and our children were [as such] curtailed , limited .

She felt the balance of her marriage with Bernard was thereby restored .
she felt the balance of her marriage with bernard was [as such] restored .

She thought she could in the end be legitimized , be more than just the girl who had married the first man who came along in order to get away from home : daughter of a mother who 'd shacked up with her own mother 's boyfriend at that own mother 's unconscious behest — and had thereby had her life negated forever .
she thought she could in the end be legitimized , be more than just the girl who had married the first man who came along in order to get away from home : daughter of a mother who 'd shacked up with her own mother 's boyfriend at that own mother 's unconscious behest — and had [as such] had her life negated forever .

To say aloud that God does n't exist is to thereby negate the Devil .
to say aloud that god does n't exist is to [as such] negate the devil .

In the previous section we suggested that a government could use taxes and welfare benefits to redistribute income-earning potential and thereby enforce its value judgements about equity while leaving the market economy to take care of allocative efficiency .
in the previous section we suggested that a government could use taxes and welfare benefits to redistribute income-earning potential and [as such] enforce its value judgements about equity while leaving the market economy to take care of allocative efficiency .

To undertake more redistribution the government will have to increase tax rates , thereby driving a larger wedge between the price paid by the purchaser and the price received by the seller of the good or service .
to undertake more redistribution the government will have to increase tax rates , [as such] driving a larger wedge between the price paid by the purchaser and the price received by the seller of the good or service .

In Chapter 10 we saw that existing oligopolists would have an incentive to advertise too much , not because advertising provides additional consumer information about the product , but because it raises the fixed cost of being in the industry , thereby making it harder for new firms to enter the industry .
in chapter 10 we saw that existing oligopolists would have an incentive to advertise too much , not because advertising provides additional consumer information about the product , but because it raises the fixed cost of being in the industry , [as such] making it harder for new firms to enter the industry .

Writing also provides a permanent representation , hence the writing may be manually edited , thereby simplifying the identification of false starts .
writing also provides a permanent representation , hence the writing may be manually edited , [as such] simplifying the identification of false starts .

The combinations of words that form compounds thereby become number sequences which are stored in a compound tree .
the combinations of words that form compounds [as such] become number sequences which are stored in a compound tree .

Word level restrictions may be imposed on the lattice by only allowing character sequences that form words ( thereby allowing semantic and other higher-level to be applied ) .
word level restrictions may be imposed on the lattice by only allowing character sequences that form words ( [as such] allowing semantic and other higher-level to be applied ) .

For a generative grammar , the concurrent application of semantic processing can reject unlikely partial structures , thereby reducing the amount of processing the parser has to perform .
for a generative grammar , the concurrent application of semantic processing can reject unlikely partial structures , [as such] reducing the amount of processing the parser has to perform .

As the parse progresses down the input the incorrect hypotheses should fail ; thereby reducing the search space to be explored .
as the parse progresses down the input the incorrect hypotheses should fail ; [as such] reducing the search space to be explored .

Hence the definition of wept will contain the brief description that it is the past tense of weep thereby informing the reader where to seek further information .
hence the definition of wept will contain the brief description that it is the past tense of weep [as such] informing the reader where to seek further information .

Therefore given the sentence ‘ John found the dog ’ , a parse may be used to determine the subject and object of the verb and thereby create a semantic representation of who found what .
therefore given the sentence ‘ john found the dog ’ , a parse may be used to determine the subject and object of the verb and [as such] create a semantic representation of who found what .

Family planning is not just used for limiting unwanted pregnancies ; it can also be used to time the arrival of a wanted child and thereby increase its chances of survival .
family planning is not just used for limiting unwanted pregnancies ; it can also be used to time the arrival of a wanted child and [as such] increase its chances of survival .

Members into taking part in , and thereby lengthening , long and tedious debates .
members into taking part in , and [as such] lengthening , long and tedious debates .

Paragraph 610 of the Bar code provides , first : ’ Counsel must not make statements or ask questions which are merely scandalous or intended or calculated only to vilify insult or annoy either a witness or some other person ; counsel must if possible avoid the naming in open Court of third parties whose characters would thereby be impugned ; counsel must not suggest that a witness or other person is guilty of crime , fraud or misconduct or attribute to another person the crime or conduct of which his lay client is accused ’
paragraph 610 of the bar code provides , first : ’ counsel must not make statements or ask questions which are merely scandalous or intended or calculated only to vilify insult or annoy either a witness or some other person ; counsel must if possible avoid the naming in open court of third parties whose characters would [as such] be impugned ; counsel must not suggest that a witness or other person is guilty of crime , fraud or misconduct or attribute to another person the crime or conduct of which his lay client is accused ’

Limitations on the output of the most efficient will prevent them from taking advantage of technology and size , thereby inhibiting further productivity gains .
limitations on the output of the most efficient will prevent them from taking advantage of technology and size , [as such] inhibiting further productivity gains .

If the Government wanted to reduce the number of obstacles that prevent prosecution of offenders , thereby making convictions more certain , they would alter the mens rea principle under section 12 ( 1 ) of the 1988 Act and import the term ’ knowing or believing ’ from section 22 of that Act .
if the government wanted to reduce the number of obstacles that prevent prosecution of offenders , [as such] making convictions more certain , they would alter the mens rea principle under section 12 ( 1 ) of the 1988 act and import the term ’ knowing or believing ’ from section 22 of that act .

Moving closer to home , on the offence of causing death by dangerous or drunken driving , the hon. Member for Huddersfield referred to the Road Traffic Act 1991 , whereby an offender will be found guilty if he drives dangerously , thereby causing someone 's death , whether or not he intended to do so or even knew about it .
moving closer to home , on the offence of causing death by dangerous or drunken driving , the hon. member for huddersfield referred to the road traffic act 1991 , whereby an offender will be found guilty if he drives dangerously , [as such] causing someone 's death , whether or not he intended to do so or even knew about it .

The hon. Member for Harrow , West ( Mr. Hughes ) has been arguing against a regional band for London , thereby costing his constituents about £66 a year , based on average house prices in London .
the hon. member for harrow , west ( mr. hughes ) has been arguing against a regional band for london , [as such] costing his constituents about £66 a year , based on average house prices in london .

However , the right hon. Gentleman chose instead to use the race card , which his party is determined to play in the run-up to the election , by extrapolating from those two cases that there is massive fraud in matters relating to refugees , thereby smearing the character of all those who seek asylum in this country , without any thought of the conditions from which they have come .
however , the right hon. gentleman chose instead to use the race card , which his party is determined to play in the run-up to the election , by extrapolating from those two cases that there is massive fraud in matters relating to refugees , [as such] smearing the character of all those who seek asylum in this country , without any thought of the conditions from which they have come .

That problem will increase , thereby penalising schools with the most experienced and loyal teaching staffs .
that problem will increase , [as such] penalising schools with the most experienced and loyal teaching staffs .

Does my right hon. Friend agree that many people who choose to work more than 48 hours per week , and who thereby earn overtime and give greater security to their families , would be most upset if an edict from Brussels took the right to work such overtime away from them , especially as hon. Members would be excluded from the rules , as would the bureaucrats in Europe and all managers and executives ?
does my right hon. friend agree that many people who choose to work more than 48 hours per week , and who [as such] earn overtime and give greater security to their families , would be most upset if an edict from brussels took the right to work such overtime away from them , especially as hon. members would be excluded from the rules , as would the bureaucrats in europe and all managers and executives ?

is abolished the taper will be changed so that , instead of people over social security levels losing 15p in the £1 , they will lose 20p , thereby penalising people who are struggling to lift themselves out of poverty , provide pensions for themselves and do what the Conservative party always preaches — stand on their own two feet .
is abolished the taper will be changed so that , instead of people over social security levels losing 15p in the £1 , they will lose 20p , [as such] penalising people who are struggling to lift themselves out of poverty , provide pensions for themselves and do what the conservative party always preaches — stand on their own two feet .

Will the Prime Minister confirm that he personally was informed about British Steel 's decision to close Ravenscraig over a fortnight before the official announcement last week and that instead of trying to reverse the decision , he and the Secretary of State for Scotland took part in a conspiracy of silence ? Will the right hon. Gentleman now , even at this late stage , intervene to try to stop the closure , bearing in mind the Government 's responsibility for privatising the steel industry , thereby allowing a butcher such as Bob Scholey to betray the Scottish steel workers ?
will the prime minister confirm that he personally was informed about british steel 's decision to close ravenscraig over a fortnight before the official announcement last week and that instead of trying to reverse the decision , he and the secretary of state for scotland took part in a conspiracy of silence ? will the right hon. gentleman now , even at this late stage , intervene to try to stop the closure , bearing in mind the government 's responsibility for privatising the steel industry , [as such] allowing a butcher such as bob scholey to betray the scottish steel workers ?

Has my right hon. Friend had time to consider the tax implications of an extra £35 billion of spending pledges ? If any Government were to bring in these pledges , they would either have to dishonour them and thereby deceive the public , or income tax payers at all levels of income would need to cough up and pay more to fund them . Is it not true that spending pledges such as those made by Labour politicians would mean that nothing would happen ?
has my right hon. friend had time to consider the tax implications of an extra £35 billion of spending pledges ? if any government were to bring in these pledges , they would either have to dishonour them and [as such] deceive the public , or income tax payers at all levels of income would need to cough up and pay more to fund them . is it not true that spending pledges such as those made by labour politicians would mean that nothing would happen ?

Therefore , they will be predisposed to choose applicants from those social classes , thereby reinforcing their examination success and leading them on to greater success than ever .
therefore , they will be predisposed to choose applicants from those social classes , [as such] reinforcing their examination success and leading them on to greater success than ever .

The offeror can not say ‘ if you do nothing you will thereby accept my offer !
the offeror can not say ‘ if you do nothing you will [as such] accept my offer !

The seller will normally send by air to the buyer some documents : one will be the bill of lading transferred to the buyer to enable him to collect the goods at their port of destination ; another will be a bill of exchange which the buyer will normally sign and return thereby undertaking to pay for the goods on the date specified on the bill of exchange .
the seller will normally send by air to the buyer some documents : one will be the bill of lading transferred to the buyer to enable him to collect the goods at their port of destination ; another will be a bill of exchange which the buyer will normally sign and return [as such] undertaking to pay for the goods on the date specified on the bill of exchange .

These provisions would give the seller a kind of property right over , and thereby give the seller entitlement to , all the proceeds of the sub-sales of unmixed goods ( except those sub-sales made after title has already passed to the buyer ) .
these provisions would give the seller a kind of property right over , and [as such] give the seller entitlement to , all the proceeds of the sub-sales of unmixed goods ( except those sub-sales made after title has already passed to the buyer ) .

To sum up : a contract is void if , at the time the contract is made and unknown to the parties , goods have perished or do not exist , thereby rendering it impossible for the contract to be performed ; this , however , is subject to the qualification that the contract will not be void if the parties expressly or impliedly agreed otherwise .
to sum up : a contract is void if , at the time the contract is made and unknown to the parties , goods have perished or do not exist , [as such] rendering it impossible for the contract to be performed ; this , however , is subject to the qualification that the contract will not be void if the parties expressly or impliedly agreed otherwise .

This will occur if for example the buyer has had some use of the goods and subsequently they perished thereby frustrating the contract .
this will occur if for example the buyer has had some use of the goods and subsequently they perished [as such] frustrating the contract .

’ So , if the buyer does , he can not complain of defects which he ought thereby to have discerned .
’ so , if the buyer does , he can not complain of defects which he ought [as such] to have discerned .

Given that individuals undertake exchange voluntarily , it is presumed that they must thereby be no worse off and that at least one party to the exchange is better off as a result .
given that individuals undertake exchange voluntarily , it is presumed that they must [as such] be no worse off and that at least one party to the exchange is better off as a result .

Williamson assumes that at least some people might behave in strategic , guileful ways , if they can do so undetected and thereby promote their own interest .
williamson assumes that at least some people might behave in strategic , guileful ways , if they can do so undetected and [as such] promote their own interest .

This lack of formal analysis leaves the dynamic features of the theory inadequately specified , and thereby limits the relevance of claims it makes to explain the historical evolution of the firm .
this lack of formal analysis leaves the dynamic features of the theory inadequately specified , and [as such] limits the relevance of claims it makes to explain the historical evolution of the firm .

The objective of this research is to consolidate , systematise and generalise our ( previously separate ) experience of conducting experimental investigations into economic behaviour under uncertainty , thereby furthering the use of experimental methods in economics . The investigators are conducting a co-ordinated and intensive programme of work which should produce the following benefits :
the objective of this research is to consolidate , systematise and generalise our ( previously separate ) experience of conducting experimental investigations into economic behaviour under uncertainty , [as such] furthering the use of experimental methods in economics . the investigators are conducting a co-ordinated and intensive programme of work which should produce the following benefits :

Experiments are planned which will help to answer these questions , thereby increasing theoretical understanding of face recognition , and failures to recognise faces ( which are important in social and legal contexts ) .
experiments are planned which will help to answer these questions , [as such] increasing theoretical understanding of face recognition , and failures to recognise faces ( which are important in social and legal contexts ) .

the fact of belonging to the same class , and that of belonging to the same generation or age group , have this in common , that both endow the individuals sharing in them with a common location in the social and historical process , and thereby limit them to a specific range of potential experience , predisposing them for a certain characteristic mode of thought and experience , and a characteristic type of historically relevant action .
the fact of belonging to the same class , and that of belonging to the same generation or age group , have this in common , that both endow the individuals sharing in them with a common location in the social and historical process , and [as such] limit them to a specific range of potential experience , predisposing them for a certain characteristic mode of thought and experience , and a characteristic type of historically relevant action .

It is in this sense that Marx distinguished , initially in his ‘ Contribution to a Critique of Hegel 's Philosophy of Right ’ ( 1844 ) , between ‘ a partial , merely political revolution which leaves the pillars of the building standing ’ , and a social revolution ; thereby changing the whole concept of revolution , as Max Adler ( 1928 ) later argued , ‘ from the merely political idea of the transformation of the state , into the social concept of an economic change in the bases of society ’ .
it is in this sense that marx distinguished , initially in his ‘ contribution to a critique of hegel 's philosophy of right ’ ( 1844 ) , between ‘ a partial , merely political revolution which leaves the pillars of the building standing ’ , and a social revolution ; [as such] changing the whole concept of revolution , as max adler ( 1928 ) later argued , ‘ from the merely political idea of the transformation of the state , into the social concept of an economic change in the bases of society ’ .

Citizenship of the Union is established , with the nationals of every Member State ‘ subject to the duties imposed thereby ’ .
citizenship of the union is established , with the nationals of every member state ‘ subject to the duties imposed [as such] ’ .

We thereby demonstrate rigorously the results we have obtained more intuitively above , and also illustrate a mathematical technique which is often used in rational expectations models .
we [as such] demonstrate rigorously the results we have obtained more intuitively above , and also illustrate a mathematical technique which is often used in rational expectations models .

An increase in the anticipated growth of the money supply raises the anticipated inflation rate and thereby lowers the attractiveness of holding the proceeds of output sales .
an increase in the anticipated growth of the money supply raises the anticipated inflation rate and [as such] lowers the attractiveness of holding the proceeds of output sales .

The Act required societies to hold a minimum 90 per cent of commercial assets as class 1 assets , thereby ensuring a continuation of the societies ' traditional role , and a maximum of 10 per cent of class 2 plus class 3 , subject to a maximum of 5 per cent for class 3 assets .
the act required societies to hold a minimum 90 per cent of commercial assets as class 1 assets , [as such] ensuring a continuation of the societies ' traditional role , and a maximum of 10 per cent of class 2 plus class 3 , subject to a maximum of 5 per cent for class 3 assets .

As we shall see in Chapter 6 , trading in existing stocks helps to maintain their liquidity , makes them attractive to savers and thereby lowers the cost to borrowers of raising new capital in this way .
as we shall see in chapter 6 , trading in existing stocks helps to maintain their liquidity , makes them attractive to savers and [as such] lowers the cost to borrowers of raising new capital in this way .

It may raise its rate , thereby ‘ sanctioning ’ the market 's anticipation or it may resist the rise by continuing assistance at the original rate .
it may raise its rate , [as such] ‘ sanctioning ’ the market 's anticipation or it may resist the rise by continuing assistance at the original rate .

It does not matter whether the party accepting the consideration has any apparent benefit thereby or not : it is enough that he accepts it , and that the party giving it does thereby undertake some burden , or lose something which in contemplation of law may be of value .
it does not matter whether the party accepting the consideration has any apparent benefit [as such] or not : it is enough that he accepts it , and that the party giving it does [as such] undertake some burden , or lose something which in contemplation of law may be of value .

any other financial arrangements contained in the agreement shall not thereby be rendered void or unenforceable and shall , unless they are void or unenforceable for any other reason ( and subject to sections 35 and 36 , below ) be binding on the parties to the agreement .
any other financial arrangements contained in the agreement shall not [as such] be rendered void or unenforceable and shall , unless they are void or unenforceable for any other reason ( and subject to sections 35 and 36 , below ) be binding on the parties to the agreement .

Delamont and Galton ( 1987 ) think that arts teachers may be attempting to overcome the low esteem in which their work is held by other teachers by adopting even more rigorous practices of pupil work assignment and evaluation than is to be observed in the practices of teachers in other areas of study thereby establishing their academic credibility .
delamont and galton ( 1987 ) think that arts teachers may be attempting to overcome the low esteem in which their work is held by other teachers by adopting even more rigorous practices of pupil work assignment and evaluation than is to be observed in the practices of teachers in other areas of study [as such] establishing their academic credibility .

our sensibility is deepened and enlarged and thereby our capacity for responding sensitively to the world .
our sensibility is deepened and enlarged and [as such] our capacity for responding sensitively to the world .

Deliberate ambiguity , paradox and complexity are all techniques used by artists to prevent discrimination attaining complete clarity , thereby stimulating a prolonged and engrossing period of heightened activity .
deliberate ambiguity , paradox and complexity are all techniques used by artists to prevent discrimination attaining complete clarity , [as such] stimulating a prolonged and engrossing period of heightened activity .

Thus , anti-monotony devises such as theme and variation or gradation of tone , colour , texture , etc , all introduce complexities that demand greater efforts of comparison , thereby making the process more interesting .
thus , anti-monotony devises such as theme and variation or gradation of tone , colour , texture , etc , all introduce complexities that demand greater efforts of comparison , [as such] making the process more interesting .

In the process , vast amounts of information become condensed into more comprehensible wholes , thereby achieving the kind of cognitive efficiency that avoids overloading the system .
in the process , vast amounts of information become condensed into more comprehensible wholes , [as such] achieving the kind of cognitive efficiency that avoids overloading the system .

Attention is thereby directed towards qualities and relationships rather than to external aspects such as monetary worth or historical background .
attention is [as such] directed towards qualities and relationships rather than to external aspects such as monetary worth or historical background .

He had been so blinded by his need for her light that he had failed to see how deeply he stood in her shadow , and his work had been frustrated thereby .
he had been so blinded by his need for her light that he had failed to see how deeply he stood in her shadow , and his work had been frustrated [as such] .

It would be the end of all her high ambitions , and though the world would not greatly suffer thereby — for by now she had lost all confidence that anything she might say would alter the course of things — that crisis which was privately her own would remain for ever unresolved .
it would be the end of all her high ambitions , and though the world would not greatly suffer [as such] — for by now she had lost all confidence that anything she might say would alter the course of things — that crisis which was privately her own would remain for ever unresolved .

Sometime during the last fortnight , two of the three bollards which protect Donkey Lane at the northern ( Whitelaw Farm ) end have been uprooted and cast to one side , thereby leaving the way clear for motors .
sometime during the last fortnight , two of the three bollards which protect donkey lane at the northern ( whitelaw farm ) end have been uprooted and cast to one side , [as such] leaving the way clear for motors .

On 13 December 842 , at the palace of Quierzy , Charles married Ermentrude , niece of Adalard , because `` he thought he could thereby win over to himself [ the support of ] the majority of the lesser aristocracy ( plebs ) `` .
on 13 december 842 , at the palace of quierzy , charles married ermentrude , niece of adalard , because `` he thought he could [as such] win over to himself [ the support of ] the majority of the lesser aristocracy ( plebs ) `` .

But whereas General Franco 's rapid and decisive action resolved at a stroke the problem of order and the underlying political question , the use of force to suppress anarchists and revolutionary communists in Barcelona only exacerbated the Republic 's political difficulties and thereby seriously undermined its capacity to offer united resistance to its attackers .
but whereas general franco 's rapid and decisive action resolved at a stroke the problem of order and the underlying political question , the use of force to suppress anarchists and revolutionary communists in barcelona only exacerbated the republic 's political difficulties and [as such] seriously undermined its capacity to offer united resistance to its attackers .

Nurtured by his part in the suppression of the October revolution in Asturias , in 1934 , it took root definitively when his troops crossed the Straits of Gibraltar from Africa in August 1936 , thereby saving the day for the anti-Republican insurgents .
nurtured by his part in the suppression of the october revolution in asturias , in 1934 , it took root definitively when his troops crossed the straits of gibraltar from africa in august 1936 , [as such] saving the day for the anti-republican insurgents .

He had a second reason for doing this , which was that he hoped thereby to put pressure on France and Germany to hand over to Spain part of French Morocco .
he had a second reason for doing this , which was that he hoped [as such] to put pressure on france and germany to hand over to spain part of french morocco .

It has the aim of enabling participants to understand the reality of each others ' lives , and thereby contribute to changes in both societies .
it has the aim of enabling participants to understand the reality of each others ' lives , and [as such] contribute to changes in both societies .

When plants are cleared from an ecosystem effects animals as it reduces their food resources and thereby creating competition and by sometimes cutting down their shelter and natural habitat forcing them to move to areas where they ca n't survive .
when plants are cleared from an ecosystem effects animals as it reduces their food resources and [as such] creating competition and by sometimes cutting down their shelter and natural habitat forcing them to move to areas where they ca n't survive .

And so the arrival of Jaggers , bearing the news of his great expectations is to him , a way of raising his social standard to that of Estella 's and thereby improving his chances with her .
and so the arrival of jaggers , bearing the news of his great expectations is to him , a way of raising his social standard to that of estella 's and [as such] improving his chances with her .

In particular , it was said that the employer was thereby saving on royalties payable to the patentee or licensee of alternative components ; the valve reduced processing costs and disposals of scrap ; output had increased ; and the frequency of employee injury had declined so as to reduce absences from work and claims for compensation .
in particular , it was said that the employer was [as such] saving on royalties payable to the patentee or licensee of alternative components ; the valve reduced processing costs and disposals of scrap ; output had increased ; and the frequency of employee injury had declined so as to reduce absences from work and claims for compensation .

Yet Labour had a double advantage with the electors : its leaders had served with complete loyalty in the coalition , and had thereby secured valuable experience of government , mostly , to be sure , on the home front ; but the party in Parliament had also by its single rebellion in 1943 made it clear to all that it was dissatisfied with the coalition 's progress towards social reform .
yet labour had a double advantage with the electors : its leaders had served with complete loyalty in the coalition , and had [as such] secured valuable experience of government , mostly , to be sure , on the home front ; but the party in parliament had also by its single rebellion in 1943 made it clear to all that it was dissatisfied with the coalition 's progress towards social reform .

Great emphasis is being placed upon local decision making thereby giving regional management much more direct control and financial responsibility for their business .
great emphasis is being placed upon local decision making [as such] giving regional management much more direct control and financial responsibility for their business .

Here , the fact that the adjective property is applicable to the object entity in a whole construction like ( 22 ) is intimately connected with the lexical meaning of the verb , and will thereby be understood to be applicable to the entity of the object even when that is considered in isolation .
here , the fact that the adjective property is applicable to the object entity in a whole construction like ( 22 ) is intimately connected with the lexical meaning of the verb , and will [as such] be understood to be applicable to the entity of the object even when that is considered in isolation .

To a large extent , Bolinger 's division between those adjectives that qualify referents and those that qualify sense is presented as if it were a classification of adjectives as word types , that is , as one might find them categorized in the dictionary , thereby giving an impression that Bolinger might regard this almost as a lexical division , similar to that dividing adjectives that can qualify animates from the rest .
to a large extent , bolinger 's division between those adjectives that qualify referents and those that qualify sense is presented as if it were a classification of adjectives as word types , that is , as one might find them categorized in the dictionary , [as such] giving an impression that bolinger might regard this almost as a lexical division , similar to that dividing adjectives that can qualify animates from the rest .

Research methods are to be treated as a collection of tools designed and thereby suited for particular jobs .
research methods are to be treated as a collection of tools designed and [as such] suited for particular jobs .

In which case , the absence of random assignment , to use Lieberson 's rendering of the problem , presents special difficulties if `` there is reason to believe that the subjects thereby placed in each condition differ in other ways that themselves have a bearing on the outcome of interest to the researcher `` .
in which case , the absence of random assignment , to use lieberson 's rendering of the problem , presents special difficulties if `` there is reason to believe that the subjects [as such] placed in each condition differ in other ways that themselves have a bearing on the outcome of interest to the researcher `` .

The Report of the Royal Commission into Aboriginal Deaths in Custody ( first set up in August 1987 — see p. 35378 ) , tabled in the Federal Parliament on May 9 , called upon Australia to improve the treatment of its black minority and , thereby , to honour its international obligations .
the report of the royal commission into aboriginal deaths in custody ( first set up in august 1987 — see p. 35378 ) , tabled in the federal parliament on may 9 , called upon australia to improve the treatment of its black minority and , [as such] , to honour its international obligations .

The government closed down the last two illegally militia-operated ports on May 15 , thereby taking full control of seaborne trade for the first time in a decade .
the government closed down the last two illegally militia-operated ports on may 15 , [as such] taking full control of seaborne trade for the first time in a decade .

Amendments arising from the process of political haggling within the administration and senior Republican circles had continued until the last moment , thereby resulting in some parts of the budget being incomplete or inconsistent .
amendments arising from the process of political haggling within the administration and senior republican circles had continued until the last moment , [as such] resulting in some parts of the budget being incomplete or inconsistent .

The grouping was joined by Poland , and thereby expanded into the Hexagonale [ see also p. 38358 ] .
the grouping was joined by poland , and [as such] expanded into the hexagonale [ see also p. 38358 ] .

Of the country 's three nuclear reactors in Yongbyon , one 50-100 megawatt plant was not connected to the national grid , thereby indicating that it was intended for weapons production .
of the country 's three nuclear reactors in yongbyon , one 50-100 megawatt plant was not connected to the national grid , [as such] indicating that it was intended for weapons production .

If the slick persisted long enough , it could shut out sunlight to an extent that the phytoplankton , which depend on photosynthesis , would die off , thereby threatening the survival of all fauna higher up the food chain .
if the slick persisted long enough , it could shut out sunlight to an extent that the phytoplankton , which depend on photosynthesis , would die off , [as such] threatening the survival of all fauna higher up the food chain .

Soviet forces resorted to military intervention in January in the Baltic republics , thereby providing dramatic evidence of a new hard line in Soviet internal politics .
soviet forces resorted to military intervention in january in the baltic republics , [as such] providing dramatic evidence of a new hard line in soviet internal politics .

This overturned a Jan. 14 decision by the Rangpur returning officer , who had rejected Ershad 's applications on grounds of technical `` irregularities `` , thereby sparking off demonstrations by pro-Ershad demonstrators .
this overturned a jan. 14 decision by the rangpur returning officer , who had rejected ershad 's applications on grounds of technical `` irregularities `` , [as such] sparking off demonstrations by pro-ershad demonstrators .

The Constitution thereby took immediate effect .
the constitution [as such] took immediate effect .

The only specified penalty for the six republics which had not participated and were not expected to sign the Treaty ( Armenia , Estonia , Georgia , Latvia , Lithuania and Moldavia ) , was that they would thereby be excluded from a new `` common economic space `` .
the only specified penalty for the six republics which had not participated and were not expected to sign the treaty ( armenia , estonia , georgia , latvia , lithuania and moldavia ) , was that they would [as such] be excluded from a new `` common economic space `` .

Harue Kitamura was elected mayor of Ashiya , in the southern prefecture of Hyogo , thereby becoming the first Japanese woman to hold such a post .
harue kitamura was elected mayor of ashiya , in the southern prefecture of hyogo , [as such] becoming the first japanese woman to hold such a post .

Opposition leader Tupua Tamasese Efi — who , as Tupuola Tamasese Efi , had served as Prime Minister in 1976-82 — lost his seat , thereby allowing Va'ai Kolone , Prime Minister in 1986-1988 , to resume leadership of the opposition .
opposition leader tupua tamasese efi — who , as tupuola tamasese efi , had served as prime minister in 1976-82 — lost his seat , [as such] allowing va'ai kolone , prime minister in 1986-1988 , to resume leadership of the opposition .

On April 21 a statement signed by all major opposition groups said that the `` frustrating and disappointing `` new Cabinet represented `` a challenge to popular opinion `` and that the ruling family was thereby `` opening many doors , threatening national unity and blowing the winds of unease , doubts and evil `` .
on april 21 a statement signed by all major opposition groups said that the `` frustrating and disappointing `` new cabinet represented `` a challenge to popular opinion `` and that the ruling family was [as such] `` opening many doors , threatening national unity and blowing the winds of unease , doubts and evil `` .

The court ruled on June 20 that the 1965 Voting Rights Act applied to judicial elections , thereby allowing voters to challenge election methods which were alleged to militate against the election of minorities on to the bench .
the court ruled on june 20 that the 1965 voting rights act applied to judicial elections , [as such] allowing voters to challenge election methods which were alleged to militate against the election of minorities on to the bench .

The Director of Public Prosecutions had conceded in June 1990 that the convictions were unsafe , thereby halting a judicial inquiry begun that March by Sir John May [ see pp .
the director of public prosecutions had conceded in june 1990 that the convictions were unsafe , [as such] halting a judicial inquiry begun that march by sir john may [ see pp .

Mahathir 's coalition won 127 parliamentary seats , thereby securing its two-thirds majority .
mahathir 's coalition won 127 parliamentary seats , [as such] securing its two-thirds majority .

However , the Middle East Economic Digest of Oct. 26 noted that in some quarters it was being interpreted as `` a gambit to force parliament to commute the sentences , thereby improving Turkey 's international image `` .
however , the middle east economic digest of oct. 26 noted that in some quarters it was being interpreted as `` a gambit to force parliament to commute the sentences , [as such] improving turkey 's international image `` .

The talks , which had begun in September 1990 with the objects of easing political and military tension on the Korean peninsula and of promoting greater links between the two states , had involved three meetings between delegations led by the premiers of the two countries , thereby representing the highest level of contact ever achieved by the two countries .
the talks , which had begun in september 1990 with the objects of easing political and military tension on the korean peninsula and of promoting greater links between the two states , had involved three meetings between delegations led by the premiers of the two countries , [as such] representing the highest level of contact ever achieved by the two countries .

In the three Baltic republics and in Georgia it had been decided that to participate would be to acknowledge Soviet constitutional legitimacy , thereby forfeiting the key argument in their independence campaigns , namely that they had been illegally occupied and annexed to the Soviet Union .
in the three baltic republics and in georgia it had been decided that to participate would be to acknowledge soviet constitutional legitimacy , [as such] forfeiting the key argument in their independence campaigns , namely that they had been illegally occupied and annexed to the soviet union .

He stressed that he had relinquished his deferment after only two months , thereby allowing his name to go back into the draft pool at a time when he could not have known that the draft would be shortly replaced by a lottery system .
he stressed that he had relinquished his deferment after only two months , [as such] allowing his name to go back into the draft pool at a time when he could not have known that the draft would be shortly replaced by a lottery system .

In the Republican contest , in which neither Buchanan nor Bush appeared on the ballot paper , a slate of uncommitted candidates won 31 per cent of the Republican vote , thereby underlining the widespread dissatisfaction felt towards Bush .
in the republican contest , in which neither buchanan nor bush appeared on the ballot paper , a slate of uncommitted candidates won 31 per cent of the republican vote , [as such] underlining the widespread dissatisfaction felt towards bush .

The two most populous union territories , Pondicherry and Delhi , became part of the electoral college on May 7 by a unanimous decision of the Indian parliament ; elected members of the Pondicherry and the proposed Delhi legislative assemblies would thereby be able to participate in presidential elections .
the two most populous union territories , pondicherry and delhi , became part of the electoral college on may 7 by a unanimous decision of the indian parliament ; elected members of the pondicherry and the proposed delhi legislative assemblies would [as such] be able to participate in presidential elections .

Diplomatic relations between South Korea and the Soviet Union had been established in September 1990 , thereby bringing to an end a period of hostility dating from the Korean war .
diplomatic relations between south korea and the soviet union had been established in september 1990 , [as such] bringing to an end a period of hostility dating from the korean war .

Amnesty claimed to have `` compelling evidence `` confirming that Iraqi soldiers had looted incubators from three of the main hospitals in Kuwait City , thereby causing the deaths premature babies , the number of such deaths being given by the Kuwaiti Red Crescent Society as 300 .
amnesty claimed to have `` compelling evidence `` confirming that iraqi soldiers had looted incubators from three of the main hospitals in kuwait city , [as such] causing the deaths premature babies , the number of such deaths being given by the kuwaiti red crescent society as 300 .

It was argued that this could best be achieved by preventing the need for candidates from the same party to compete with each other in multimember seats , thereby reducing their need spend huge sums of money during the campaign .
it was argued that this could best be achieved by preventing the need for candidates from the same party to compete with each other in multimember seats , [as such] reducing their need spend huge sums of money during the campaign .

In late 1989 the government launched a five-year plan aimed at diversifying Macao 's economy and thereby reducing dependence on the textile industry and tourism .
in late 1989 the government launched a five-year plan aimed at diversifying macao 's economy and [as such] reducing dependence on the textile industry and tourism .

Federal Treasurer Paul Keating retained his post and added to it the title of Deputy Prime Minister , thereby increasing speculation that he would succeed Hawke as Prime Minister [ see above ] .
federal treasurer paul keating retained his post and added to it the title of deputy prime minister , [as such] increasing speculation that he would succeed hawke as prime minister [ see above ] .

In the final days of the crisis , financial institutions had begun to refuse to honour the warrants , thereby threatening to precipitate a widespread closure of state offices .
in the final days of the crisis , financial institutions had begun to refuse to honour the warrants , [as such] threatening to precipitate a widespread closure of state offices .

The underlying cause of the problem was a 1978 initiative , Proposition 13 , which had more than halved local property taxes , thereby impoverishing local government .
the underlying cause of the problem was a 1978 initiative , proposition 13 , which had more than halved local property taxes , [as such] impoverishing local government .

Congress reluctantly capitulated to this final demand on Sept. 1 , thereby opening the way for Wilson to end the impasse by signing the budget bill in the early hours of Sept. 2 .
congress reluctantly capitulated to this final demand on sept. 1 , [as such] opening the way for wilson to end the impasse by signing the budget bill in the early hours of sept. 2 .

While not binding , the national referendum was seen as an attempt to increase the likelihood of unanimous provincial ratification and , thereby , to prevent the deal from suffering a fate similar to that of its Meech Lake predecessor .
while not binding , the national referendum was seen as an attempt to increase the likelihood of unanimous provincial ratification and , [as such] , to prevent the deal from suffering a fate similar to that of its meech lake predecessor .

The move was thought to have caused severe food shortages by reducing the purchasing power of most households and thereby limiting the quantity of black market provisions which could be obtained .
the move was thought to have caused severe food shortages by reducing the purchasing power of most households and [as such] limiting the quantity of black market provisions which could be obtained .

The meeting approved the admission to full membership of Brunei , Myanma , the Philippines and the Republic of Uzbekistan , thereby bringing total membership to 108 .
the meeting approved the admission to full membership of brunei , myanma , the philippines and the republic of uzbekistan , [as such] bringing total membership to 108 .

Within this region up to 350,000 sq km would be owned outright by its Inuit inhabitants , thereby making them the largest private landlords in the world .
within this region up to 350,000 sq km would be owned outright by its inuit inhabitants , [as such] making them the largest private landlords in the world .

Brazauskas was elected president of the Seimas and thereby acting state President on Nov. 25 .
brazauskas was elected president of the seimas and [as such] acting state president on nov. 25 .

Israel had announced in October that it would attend the Ottawa talks , thereby ending its boycott of the multilateral refugee negotiations [ see p. 39167 for Israeli participation in multilateral regional economic co-operation talks in Paris in late October ] .
israel had announced in october that it would attend the ottawa talks , [as such] ending its boycott of the multilateral refugee negotiations [ see p. 39167 for israeli participation in multilateral regional economic co-operation talks in paris in late october ] .

They later intervened on his behalf when he was investigated for criminal fraud , thereby opening themselves to allegations of having accepted bribes .
they later intervened on his behalf when he was investigated for criminal fraud , [as such] opening themselves to allegations of having accepted bribes .

Sustained pressure in the Army media was followed by a decision by Suchinda on Nov. 12 to ban `` unusual `` gatherings of more than 10 people outside Government House , thereby preventing the holding of a pro-Chalerm rally ; the ban was lifted on Nov. 16 .
sustained pressure in the army media was followed by a decision by suchinda on nov. 12 to ban `` unusual `` gatherings of more than 10 people outside government house , [as such] preventing the holding of a pro-chalerm rally ; the ban was lifted on nov. 16 .

Germany thereby formally abandoned all claim to some 102,000 sq km ( the swathe of territory east of the Oder-Neisse , from eastern Pomerania southwards via eastern Brandenburg to Lower Silesia , plus the southern part of East Prussia ) .
germany [as such] formally abandoned all claim to some 102,000 sq km ( the swathe of territory east of the oder-neisse , from eastern pomerania southwards via eastern brandenburg to lower silesia , plus the southern part of east prussia ) .

To have remained in the contest under these circumstances would have been to play the role of a `` spoiler `` said Tsongas , and , thereby , to `` become the agent of the re-election of George Bush `` .
to have remained in the contest under these circumstances would have been to play the role of a `` spoiler `` said tsongas , and , [as such] , to `` become the agent of the re-election of george bush `` .

The scandal began in September 1991 when an inquiry revealed that thousands of cheques had been drawn in excess of the account-holders ' funds at the House bank , thereby providing the offenders with limitless and interest-free credit .
the scandal began in september 1991 when an inquiry revealed that thousands of cheques had been drawn in excess of the account-holders ' funds at the house bank , [as such] providing the offenders with limitless and interest-free credit .

Clinton used the revelation to accuse Bush of having lied to the public and , thereby , of having diminished the credibility of the presidency .
clinton used the revelation to accuse bush of having lied to the public and , [as such] , of having diminished the credibility of the presidency .

Fernando Collor de Mello , 43 , on the same day signed a notice from the Senate , thereby formally acknowledging his 180-day suspension from office following the Chamber of Deputies vote on Sept. 29 to impeach him on corruption charges [ see p. 39079 ] .
fernando collor de mello , 43 , on the same day signed a notice from the senate , [as such] formally acknowledging his 180-day suspension from office following the chamber of deputies vote on sept. 29 to impeach him on corruption charges [ see p. 39079 ] .

Hata announced the establishment of a `` policy study group `` thereby creating , in effect , a separate faction within the Takeshita faction .
hata announced the establishment of a `` policy study group `` [as such] creating , in effect , a separate faction within the takeshita faction .

This division was aggravated on the following day when Obuchi chose to fill all executive positions within the faction with his supporters , thereby declining to make even a gesture of reconciliation towards his opponents .
this division was aggravated on the following day when obuchi chose to fill all executive positions within the faction with his supporters , [as such] declining to make even a gesture of reconciliation towards his opponents .

As part of its ongoing anti-corruption drive the Wingti government suspended four of the country 's 19 provincial governments on Oct. 13 , thereby bringing the total under suspension to six .
as part of its ongoing anti-corruption drive the wingti government suspended four of the country 's 19 provincial governments on oct. 13 , [as such] bringing the total under suspension to six .

Carol Moseley Braun won in Illinois and thereby became the first black woman , and only the second black person , to serve in the Senate .
carol moseley braun won in illinois and [as such] became the first black woman , and only the second black person , to serve in the senate .

On the economy , Li supported the cautious 6 per cent annual growth target as outlined in the current five-year plan , and thereby failed to endorse Deng 's demand for double-digit expansion rates .
on the economy , li supported the cautious 6 per cent annual growth target as outlined in the current five-year plan , and [as such] failed to endorse deng 's demand for double-digit expansion rates .

The other advantages inherent in the strategy were that ( i ) it enabled the allied forces to capitalise on their superior mobility and air power by minimizing the possibility of becoming bogged down in a static war ; ( ii ) it made the allies less vulnerable to attack by chemical weapons , as such weapons were most easily used from a static defensive position against an enemy engaged in a frontal assault ; ( iii ) it offered the possibility of cutting off all forces within Kuwait and southern Iraq — including the Republican Guard — thereby enabling the allies to destroy Iraq 's military capability in addition to liberating Kuwait ; and ( iv ) it meant that the allies would capture a swathe of Iraqi territory , a potentially useful lever in the event of the negotiation and implementation of ceasefire conditions .
the other advantages inherent in the strategy were that ( i ) it enabled the allied forces to capitalise on their superior mobility and air power by minimizing the possibility of becoming bogged down in a static war ; ( ii ) it made the allies less vulnerable to attack by chemical weapons , as such weapons were most easily used from a static defensive position against an enemy engaged in a frontal assault ; ( iii ) it offered the possibility of cutting off all forces within kuwait and southern iraq — including the republican guard — [as such] enabling the allies to destroy iraq 's military capability in addition to liberating kuwait ; and ( iv ) it meant that the allies would capture a swathe of iraqi territory , a potentially useful lever in the event of the negotiation and implementation of ceasefire conditions .

The newly established conservative majority on the Supreme Court also led many people to predict that it was only a matter of time before Roe v. Wade was struck down in its entirety , thereby leaving individual state laws as the sole arbiters governing access to abortion .
the newly established conservative majority on the supreme court also led many people to predict that it was only a matter of time before roe v. wade was struck down in its entirety , [as such] leaving individual state laws as the sole arbiters governing access to abortion .

Kaifu 's revised package , including further compromises and in particular meeting Komeito 's insistence that the entire sum should not be raised by tax increases , was publicly accepted by Komeito on Feb. 16 , thereby making its approval by the end of March almost inevitable .
kaifu 's revised package , including further compromises and in particular meeting komeito 's insistence that the entire sum should not be raised by tax increases , was publicly accepted by komeito on feb. 16 , [as such] making its approval by the end of march almost inevitable .

The government also postponed the implementation of its plan to send Air Self-Defence Force transport aircraft and crews to help evacuate refugees from the Gulf , and thereby avoided rekindling the debate about the constitutionality of despatching Japanese military units overseas .
the government also postponed the implementation of its plan to send air self-defence force transport aircraft and crews to help evacuate refugees from the gulf , and [as such] avoided rekindling the debate about the constitutionality of despatching japanese military units overseas .

Liberal Club supporters protested that these moves would call into question the mandate of elected Civic Forum parliamentary deputies , and would thereby provoke a constitutional crisis .
liberal club supporters protested that these moves would call into question the mandate of elected civic forum parliamentary deputies , and would [as such] provoke a constitutional crisis .

37213-14 ; 37645 ] had been making no progress , thereby disappointing any initial hopes invested in them .
37213-14 ; 37645 ] had been making no progress , [as such] disappointing any initial hopes invested in them .

In the present case the disputed land is extremely small , about one third of an acre and admittedly of very limited agricultural use , but would be a convenient site for a small house … Much more important , in our view , is the change in the surface of the land by placing soil in the gully , thereby setting in train the levelling of the land upon which a bungalow could be built . It seems to us that these acts were sufficient to support a finding of possession and indeed on the material before us we would be disposed to reach the same conclusion …
in the present case the disputed land is extremely small , about one third of an acre and admittedly of very limited agricultural use , but would be a convenient site for a small house … much more important , in our view , is the change in the surface of the land by placing soil in the gully , [as such] setting in train the levelling of the land upon which a bungalow could be built . it seems to us that these acts were sufficient to support a finding of possession and indeed on the material before us we would be disposed to reach the same conclusion …

Section 11(2) states : [ i ] t is immaterial … that the public access to a building is limited to a particular period or particular occasion , but where anything removed from a building or its grounds is there otherwise than as forming part of , or being on loan for exhibition with , a collection intended for permanent exhibition to the public , the person removing it does not thereby commit an offence under this section unless he removes it on a day when the public have access to the building as mentioned in sub-section ( 1 ) above .
section 11(2) states : [ i ] t is immaterial … that the public access to a building is limited to a particular period or particular occasion , but where anything removed from a building or its grounds is there otherwise than as forming part of , or being on loan for exhibition with , a collection intended for permanent exhibition to the public , the person removing it does not [as such] commit an offence under this section unless he removes it on a day when the public have access to the building as mentioned in sub-section ( 1 ) above .

By doing this , non-craft trained staff can repeat faithfully the correct cooking instructions thereby ensuring a monitor to due diligence and allowing greater management peace of mind .
by doing this , non-craft trained staff can repeat faithfully the correct cooking instructions [as such] ensuring a monitor to due diligence and allowing greater management peace of mind .

Making him into a saint must have been highly embarrassing for the opposition , and some of the satisfaction derived thereby is hinted at in a probably contemporary poem in the Chronicle .
making him into a saint must have been highly embarrassing for the opposition , and some of the satisfaction derived [as such] is hinted at in a probably contemporary poem in the chronicle .

And in spite of the compromise , five-sixths of the 30,000 Vichy troops in Syria and Lebanon were permitted to return to France and thereby lost to Free France .
and in spite of the compromise , five-sixths of the 30,000 vichy troops in syria and lebanon were permitted to return to france and [as such] lost to free france .

On 13 June , for example , 296 deputies voted in favour of a supranational political organization for Western Europe , thereby condemning de Gaulle 's more state-centred policy .
on 13 june , for example , 296 deputies voted in favour of a supranational political organization for western europe , [as such] condemning de gaulle 's more state-centred policy .

Using simple partial equilibrium analysis , and assuming perfectly competitive markets , it can be shown that there are net welfare gains to be had from eliminating NTBs and thereby allow free movement to take place .
using simple partial equilibrium analysis , and assuming perfectly competitive markets , it can be shown that there are net welfare gains to be had from eliminating ntbs and [as such] allow free movement to take place .

Generally any firm receiving government assistance experiences a reduction in its costs which is unavailable to its competitors , and thereby achieves a competitive advantage .
generally any firm receiving government assistance experiences a reduction in its costs which is unavailable to its competitors , and [as such] achieves a competitive advantage .

Notice of the passing of any such resolution shall forthwith be given to the Member affected thereby .
notice of the passing of any such resolution shall forthwith be given to the member affected [as such] .

Notice of the passing of such resolution shall forthwith be given to the member affected thereby .
notice of the passing of such resolution shall forthwith be given to the member affected [as such] .

Notice of the passing of any such resolution shall forthwith be given to the Member affected thereby .
notice of the passing of any such resolution shall forthwith be given to the member affected [as such] .

Notice of the passing of such resolution shall forthwith be given to the member affected thereby .
notice of the passing of such resolution shall forthwith be given to the member affected [as such] .

If these Institutions should become established throughout the kingdom , there is good reason to hope they will produce an happy change in the general Morals of the People , and thereby render the Severities of Justice less frequently necessary .
if these institutions should become established throughout the kingdom , there is good reason to hope they will produce an happy change in the general morals of the people , and [as such] render the severities of justice less frequently necessary .

All utterances that were more than 10 words in length were broken down into clauses of less than 10 words thereby producing a total of 115 utterances with an average of 7.07 words and 26.56 phonemes per utterance .
all utterances that were more than 10 words in length were broken down into clauses of less than 10 words [as such] producing a total of 115 utterances with an average of 7.07 words and 26.56 phonemes per utterance .

An alternative means of increasing the number of units in the input utterance , and thereby decreasing the number of word paths found , would be to include stress in the lexicon and input utterance .
an alternative means of increasing the number of units in the input utterance , and [as such] decreasing the number of word paths found , would be to include stress in the lexicon and input utterance .

‘ Although it seemed natural to expect that some word match scores should be good enough that they could be considered correct , thereby eliminating attempts to find alternatives to them , in fact all attempts to implement such an intuition seemed to have led to at best indifferent results and usually to positive degradation .
‘ although it seemed natural to expect that some word match scores should be good enough that they could be considered correct , [as such] eliminating attempts to find alternatives to them , in fact all attempts to implement such an intuition seemed to have led to at best indifferent results and usually to positive degradation .

The work was not complete by that time , and although time for delivery is usually a condition , the defendant did not cancel the contract as he was entitled to do , but continued to press for delivery , thereby waiving his right to cancel .
the work was not complete by that time , and although time for delivery is usually a condition , the defendant did not cancel the contract as he was entitled to do , but continued to press for delivery , [as such] waiving his right to cancel .

In `` ideal `` circumstances , the male joker releases his frustration by joking about the woman with a second male — an inhibitor of the desired intimacy — who thereby becomes a conspirator with the teller in the indulgence in smut as a substitute for the sexual act .
in `` ideal `` circumstances , the male joker releases his frustration by joking about the woman with a second male — an inhibitor of the desired intimacy — who [as such] becomes a conspirator with the teller in the indulgence in smut as a substitute for the sexual act .

Linguistically , thereby , the merchant weaves a number of strands into the net in which he is eventually caught , innocent and unknowing to the last .
linguistically , [as such] , the merchant weaves a number of strands into the net in which he is eventually caught , innocent and unknowing to the last .

One consequence of the exclusive pursuit of the selfish and self-indulgent ethos of the naked fabliau is that the Shipman 's Tale , unlike the majority of the French fabliaux , contains no concluding moral , ending instead on the selfish prayer : The failure of a moral to appear here is emphasized by the fact that the Host immediately tries to draw a moral from the tale — an appropriately pragmatic one : It could and has been held that the Shipman 's Tale is thereby amoral .
one consequence of the exclusive pursuit of the selfish and self-indulgent ethos of the naked fabliau is that the shipman 's tale , unlike the majority of the french fabliaux , contains no concluding moral , ending instead on the selfish prayer : the failure of a moral to appear here is emphasized by the fact that the host immediately tries to draw a moral from the tale — an appropriately pragmatic one : it could and has been held that the shipman 's tale is [as such] amoral .

In any case , as an imperative , let suggests that the speaker feels that the impinging of his will on the others 's should be enough to obtain their assent or overcome their indifference and thereby get the infinitive action under way .
in any case , as an imperative , let suggests that the speaker feels that the impinging of his will on the others 's should be enough to obtain their assent or overcome their indifference and [as such] get the infinitive action under way .

Such is the case , for instance , in ( 69 ) below , where the phrase the notion that suggests surprise at someone having done such a thing as was done , thereby implying that the speaker would not have thought such audacity possible if the occurrence of the event referred to had not come to his knowledge : ( 69 ) … one of those heroes , the air ace Billy Bishop , was recently the focus of a bitter wrangle between the National Film Board and the Senate .
such is the case , for instance , in ( 69 ) below , where the phrase the notion that suggests surprise at someone having done such a thing as was done , [as such] implying that the speaker would not have thought such audacity possible if the occurrence of the event referred to had not come to his knowledge : ( 69 ) … one of those heroes , the air ace billy bishop , was recently the focus of a bitter wrangle between the national film board and the senate .

This relates them to all the other uses of blend and modal dare seen above , dare itself being conceived as a mere possibility , thereby negating or questioning its existence as a reality constituting a before-position with respect to the event performed due to the daring ( that expressed by the infinitive ) .
this relates them to all the other uses of blend and modal dare seen above , dare itself being conceived as a mere possibility , [as such] negating or questioning its existence as a reality constituting a before-position with respect to the event performed due to the daring ( that expressed by the infinitive ) .

This study has of course raised new problems , and thereby opened up avenues for further investigation .
this study has of course raised new problems , and [as such] opened up avenues for further investigation .

This finding makes it possible to identify with some degree of certainty those students who are unlikely to graduate , and thereby allow the necessary resources to be targeted on these potential non-graduates .
this finding makes it possible to identify with some degree of certainty those students who are unlikely to graduate , and [as such] allow the necessary resources to be targeted on these potential non-graduates .

Thanks , initially , to Winckelmann , Greece and thereby the whole ancient world took on a new fascination which resulted in a new kind of scholar with a new kind of scholarly aim : the reconstruction of antiquity in all its real detail .
thanks , initially , to winckelmann , greece and [as such] the whole ancient world took on a new fascination which resulted in a new kind of scholar with a new kind of scholarly aim : the reconstruction of antiquity in all its real detail .

Nietzsche , however , made no attempt to demonstrate the aptness of his particular parallel , and the plausibility of the detailed propositions was not thereby enhanced .
nietzsche , however , made no attempt to demonstrate the aptness of his particular parallel , and the plausibility of the detailed propositions was not [as such] enhanced .

On both counts it was , above all , the status of the word that was brought into question — and thereby the Gesamtkunst ideal as whole .
on both counts it was , above all , the status of the word that was brought into question — and [as such] the gesamtkunst ideal as whole .

It induces nausea and thereby inaction , since nothing can be done to affect the essential condition : action requires illusion .
it induces nausea and [as such] inaction , since nothing can be done to affect the essential condition : action requires illusion .

But in their Dionysiac experience , they become participants in the god 's suffering and thereby in his understanding : as such they can `` proclaim the truth from the heart of the world `` .
but in their dionysiac experience , they become participants in the god 's suffering and [as such] in his understanding : as such they can `` proclaim the truth from the heart of the world `` .

The Aeschylean Titan , who , to his own cost , gives man fire and thereby civilization , has an artist 's confidence in the sufficiency of his own capacities and an artist 's readiness to suffer for it .
the aeschylean titan , who , to his own cost , gives man fire and [as such] civilization , has an artist 's confidence in the sufficiency of his own capacities and an artist 's readiness to suffer for it .

But for the time being the whole field of myth was reinterpreted in terms of Dionysiac pessimism and thereby revitalized , gaining a new weight and significance .
but for the time being the whole field of myth was reinterpreted in terms of dionysiac pessimism and [as such] revitalized , gaining a new weight and significance .

Like the artist , theoretical man takes an `` infinite delight in all that exists `` and is thereby protected against pessimism .
like the artist , theoretical man takes an `` infinite delight in all that exists `` and is [as such] protected against pessimism .

, providing thereby funds to be distributed as a dividend .
, providing [as such] funds to be distributed as a dividend .

The Asaimara were thereby convinced they could successfully defy the Government .
the asaimara were [as such] convinced they could successfully defy the government .

Therefore he strove to understand nature , and had ‘ The habit of wishing to discover the good and the Beautiful in all that meets and surrounds me ’ , thereby becoming in touch with ‘ plastic and vast , one intellectual breeze , At once the soul of each , and God of All ’ .
therefore he strove to understand nature , and had ‘ the habit of wishing to discover the good and the beautiful in all that meets and surrounds me ’ , [as such] becoming in touch with ‘ plastic and vast , one intellectual breeze , at once the soul of each , and god of all ’ .

‘ ( The European Parliament ) … considers that , in the absence of palliative care correctly provided at both psychological and medical level , each time a fully conscious patient insistently and repeatedly requests an end to an existence which has for him been robbed of all dignity , and each time a team of doctors created for that purpose , established the impossibility of providing further specific care , the request should be satisfied without thereby involving any breach of respect for human life . ’
‘ ( the european parliament ) … considers that , in the absence of palliative care correctly provided at both psychological and medical level , each time a fully conscious patient insistently and repeatedly requests an end to an existence which has for him been robbed of all dignity , and each time a team of doctors created for that purpose , established the impossibility of providing further specific care , the request should be satisfied without [as such] involving any breach of respect for human life . ’

The function of these forceful propulsive waves seems chiefly that of shifting a relatively large quantity of intraluminal content aborally for long distances within the colonic lumen , thereby determining a right-to-left gradient important for the initiation of defecation .
the function of these forceful propulsive waves seems chiefly that of shifting a relatively large quantity of intraluminal content aborally for long distances within the colonic lumen , [as such] determining a right-to-left gradient important for the initiation of defecation .

To help clarify some of these issues , a single experimental study was undertaken to compare the effects of dietary calcium and 70 % small bowel resection on experimental colonic tumourigenesis and crypt cell proliferation in the terminal ileum , caecum , and distal colon , thereby permitting multivariate statistical analysis to determine independently significant and interacting factors influencing mucosal proliferation .
to help clarify some of these issues , a single experimental study was undertaken to compare the effects of dietary calcium and 70 % small bowel resection on experimental colonic tumourigenesis and crypt cell proliferation in the terminal ileum , caecum , and distal colon , [as such] permitting multivariate statistical analysis to determine independently significant and interacting factors influencing mucosal proliferation .

In addition , there is evidence from the work of Hamilton and Small that cholesteryl oleate molecules incorporated into model membranes are aligned with the carbonyl group close to the aqueous interface and the sterol ring and fatty acyl chain parallel to the acyl chains of phospholipid , thereby exerting a disordering effect .
in addition , there is evidence from the work of hamilton and small that cholesteryl oleate molecules incorporated into model membranes are aligned with the carbonyl group close to the aqueous interface and the sterol ring and fatty acyl chain parallel to the acyl chains of phospholipid , [as such] exerting a disordering effect .

In retrospect , our attempts to prevent recurrence should , perhaps , have been directed at identifying and manipulating ( by increasing the amounts of inhibitors or decreasing the amounts of promotors ) nucleating factors that induce crystal , and thereby gall stone , formation from supersaturated bile .
in retrospect , our attempts to prevent recurrence should , perhaps , have been directed at identifying and manipulating ( by increasing the amounts of inhibitors or decreasing the amounts of promotors ) nucleating factors that induce crystal , and [as such] gall stone , formation from supersaturated bile .

Bile salts are important buffers for calcium ion , which may act to reduce free calcium ions ( Ca 2 + ) in the bile thereby reducing calcium lithogenicity .
bile salts are important buffers for calcium ion , which may act to reduce free calcium ions ( ca 2 + ) in the bile [as such] reducing calcium lithogenicity .

In the absence of any significant anti-secretory effects , it seems likely that the beneficial action of cisapride reported in this study results from its prokinetic qualities , which might enhance the clearance of acidic gastric effluent from the bulb , and thereby reduce its duration of contact with the duodenal mucosa .
in the absence of any significant anti-secretory effects , it seems likely that the beneficial action of cisapride reported in this study results from its prokinetic qualities , which might enhance the clearance of acidic gastric effluent from the bulb , and [as such] reduce its duration of contact with the duodenal mucosa .

Cisapride is also thought to exert an inhibitory effect on the possum sphincter of oddi , and might thereby enhance bile flow into the duodenum .
cisapride is also thought to exert an inhibitory effect on the possum sphincter of oddi , and might [as such] enhance bile flow into the duodenum .

It is possible that epinephrine can only temporarily stop bleeding and keep vessel existent , while a sclerosing agent can actually clot the vessel , and thereby decrease rebleeding .
it is possible that epinephrine can only temporarily stop bleeding and keep vessel existent , while a sclerosing agent can actually clot the vessel , and [as such] decrease rebleeding .

The rationale for the initial four week course was to decrease viral replication and increase inflammatory activity before the start of the longterm course , thereby enhancing the possibility of response to therapy .
the rationale for the initial four week course was to decrease viral replication and increase inflammatory activity before the start of the longterm course , [as such] enhancing the possibility of response to therapy .

Control individuals show weak staining in the apical region of the enterocytes thereby showing an uptake of PT-gliadin .
control individuals show weak staining in the apical region of the enterocytes [as such] showing an uptake of pt-gliadin .

The changes in brush border enzymes and morphology were conspicuous within four hours , thereby showing that the mucosal damage , characteristic for coeliac disease , occurred rapidly .
the changes in brush border enzymes and morphology were conspicuous within four hours , [as such] showing that the mucosal damage , characteristic for coeliac disease , occurred rapidly .

Therefore , the results of the current study may indicate that the tight junctions are functionally altered , thereby allowing PT-gliadin to pass into the intercellular space .
therefore , the results of the current study may indicate that the tight junctions are functionally altered , [as such] allowing pt-gliadin to pass into the intercellular space .

’ ( Here Michael Heseltine , smoothing back his mane , got to his feet , thereby prompting a steadily growing cheer . )
’ ( here michael heseltine , smoothing back his mane , got to his feet , [as such] prompting a steadily growing cheer . )

He slipped his arm around her waist and , with growing anticipation , they entered the Grand through its rear entrance , thereby missing the riot .
he slipped his arm around her waist and , with growing anticipation , they entered the grand through its rear entrance , [as such] missing the riot .

Her main motive was simple : to retrieve the ring and thereby enable Rick to make peace with his family .
her main motive was simple : to retrieve the ring and [as such] enable rick to make peace with his family .

An explanation needs to be made to these pupils as to the benefits of providing their own paints and thereby gaining more experience with a wider range of materials .
an explanation needs to be made to these pupils as to the benefits of providing their own paints and [as such] gaining more experience with a wider range of materials .

The reason is that the bond is trading below par and the redemption schedule has the effect of shortening the period over which the capital gain arises , thereby enhancing yield .
the reason is that the bond is trading below par and the redemption schedule has the effect of shortening the period over which the capital gain arises , [as such] enhancing yield .

Only if all new investment in the firm has to be financed from retained earnings is it possible for an increase in dividends to reduce net investment and thereby reduce the ability of the firm to deliver real income in the future .
only if all new investment in the firm has to be financed from retained earnings is it possible for an increase in dividends to reduce net investment and [as such] reduce the ability of the firm to deliver real income in the future .

‘ It is intended to enable parents to dovetail their career and family commitments and thereby to ease recruitment problems which are already being felt in all areas of commerce as a result of the steadily falling number of school leavers and graduates . ’
‘ it is intended to enable parents to dovetail their career and family commitments and [as such] to ease recruitment problems which are already being felt in all areas of commerce as a result of the steadily falling number of school leavers and graduates . ’

If this explained Mason 's reluctance to pressure Biggs in the middle rounds , thereby allowing the American to pepper him with jabs , it can not obscure the possibility that the British heavyweight will always experience difficulty if required to take on a long contest .
if this explained mason 's reluctance to pressure biggs in the middle rounds , [as such] allowing the american to pepper him with jabs , it can not obscure the possibility that the british heavyweight will always experience difficulty if required to take on a long contest .

In Strasburg , they have been known to lace beer with Picon , thereby ruining both drinks ( as Queen Victoria reputedly did with claret and malt whisky ) , but still the result is not especially quenching .
in strasburg , they have been known to lace beer with picon , [as such] ruining both drinks ( as queen victoria reputedly did with claret and malt whisky ) , but still the result is not especially quenching .

Yet more astonishingly we learn that the word of God is made flesh and is one of us and that God himself is tortured to death and that through our suffering and death we can share in God 's suffering and thereby , in some utterly incomprehensible way , in his life .
yet more astonishingly we learn that the word of god is made flesh and is one of us and that god himself is tortured to death and that through our suffering and death we can share in god 's suffering and [as such] , in some utterly incomprehensible way , in his life .

By imposing a very high cost of borrowing , the Chancellor hopes to reduce our willingness to accept any more bank credit and thereby limit credit creation by the banks .
by imposing a very high cost of borrowing , the chancellor hopes to reduce our willingness to accept any more bank credit and [as such] limit credit creation by the banks .

When , for example , Alexander Gordon of Strathdon came to Elgin on 5 November 1539 to bind himself in manrent to George earl of Huntly , promising to serve him in peace and war , give him counsel , and protect him against harm , he was only one of many hundreds of men throughout the country during the fifteenth and sixteenth centuries making such an obligation , and thereby creating strong personal relationships based always in theory and normally in reality not just on mutual self-interest but on mutual loyalty and trust .
when , for example , alexander gordon of strathdon came to elgin on 5 november 1539 to bind himself in manrent to george earl of huntly , promising to serve him in peace and war , give him counsel , and protect him against harm , he was only one of many hundreds of men throughout the country during the fifteenth and sixteenth centuries making such an obligation , and [as such] creating strong personal relationships based always in theory and normally in reality not just on mutual self-interest but on mutual loyalty and trust .

The most likely explanation is that they saw it as a way to keep the Catholic-educated Mary out of Scotland , while maintaining their formal loyalty to her , thereby maximizing their opportunity to advance the Protestant cause while minimizing the need to clash directly with their sovereign ; there was , after all , no sign that Mary was particularly interested in the internal affairs of her kingdom , and although it was a gamble , and a risky one , leaving her to continue to enjoy life in France appeared to be the best chance they had .
the most likely explanation is that they saw it as a way to keep the catholic-educated mary out of scotland , while maintaining their formal loyalty to her , [as such] maximizing their opportunity to advance the protestant cause while minimizing the need to clash directly with their sovereign ; there was , after all , no sign that mary was particularly interested in the internal affairs of her kingdom , and although it was a gamble , and a risky one , leaving her to continue to enjoy life in france appeared to be the best chance they had .

After all , as Pasternak said , we are people who meditate upon death and thereby create new life .
after all , as pasternak said , we are people who meditate upon death and [as such] create new life .

’ enthused Surkov , using the English adjective and thereby giving his compliment an ironic tinge .
’ enthused surkov , using the english adjective and [as such] giving his compliment an ironic tinge .

He began attending evening classes in the Mechanics ' Institute and ‘ thereby developed the gifts of teaching and speaking , and habits of thought and reading , with so much success as to mark him out as one called of God ’ .
he began attending evening classes in the mechanics ' institute and ‘ [as such] developed the gifts of teaching and speaking , and habits of thought and reading , with so much success as to mark him out as one called of god ’ .

He massively reorganized the empire on a military basis , splitting provinces to prevent ambitious governors from becoming too powerful , attempting to control inflation by fixing prices by edict ( and thereby driving goods off the market ) .
he massively reorganized the empire on a military basis , splitting provinces to prevent ambitious governors from becoming too powerful , attempting to control inflation by fixing prices by edict ( and [as such] driving goods off the market ) .

The die study has become one of the most important tools used by the numismatist because it provides a physical link between two separate objects and thereby provides evidence that they were made at the same place and time .
the die study has become one of the most important tools used by the numismatist because it provides a physical link between two separate objects and [as such] provides evidence that they were made at the same place and time .

Refusal in payment , forgery or any other misuse thereby became treason or sacrilege and attracted savage penalties .
refusal in payment , forgery or any other misuse [as such] became treason or sacrilege and attracted savage penalties .

This information is all the more important because of the official nature of coins , which thereby gives them an advantage over other more private inscriptions .
this information is all the more important because of the official nature of coins , which [as such] gives them an advantage over other more private inscriptions .

’ The occasion of Macleod 's fury was the process by which Lord Home had come to be chosen as Leader of the party and thereby Prime Minister in succession to Harold Macmillan .
’ the occasion of macleod 's fury was the process by which lord home had come to be chosen as leader of the party and [as such] prime minister in succession to harold macmillan .

Furthermore , it is utter nonsense in any event to turn the mere similarity of habitation into a similarity of personality , for that would be to argue the proposition that if two people occupy the same room they thereby become exactly like each other in their minds and in their actions .
furthermore , it is utter nonsense in any event to turn the mere similarity of habitation into a similarity of personality , for that would be to argue the proposition that if two people occupy the same room they [as such] become exactly like each other in their minds and in their actions .

They continued to handle poorly and take wrong options , thereby permitting Cardiff to get into the game .
they continued to handle poorly and take wrong options , [as such] permitting cardiff to get into the game .

The company wants to restructure only this portion of its $ 19.4 billion debt , thereby leaving its prized American and Canadian property portfolio untouched .
the company wants to restructure only this portion of its $ 19.4 billion debt , [as such] leaving its prized american and canadian property portfolio untouched .

When a person purports to act on behalf of another , but without his authority , the latter may subsequently ratify the act of the former , and thereby draw to himself both the benefit of , and the liability for , the act .
when a person purports to act on behalf of another , but without his authority , the latter may subsequently ratify the act of the former , and [as such] draw to himself both the benefit of , and the liability for , the act .

On 4 April 1957 , Duncan Sandys published the 73 paragraphs of his notorious Defence White Paper entitled Defence : Outline of Future Policy , thereby triggering the British Nuclear Reformation .
on 4 april 1957 , duncan sandys published the 73 paragraphs of his notorious defence white paper entitled defence : outline of future policy , [as such] triggering the british nuclear reformation .

‘ Whatsoever then , he removes out of the state that nature hath provided , and left it in , he hath mixed his labour with , and joined to it something that is his own , and thereby makes it his property .
‘ whatsoever then , he removes out of the state that nature hath provided , and left it in , he hath mixed his labour with , and joined to it something that is his own , and [as such] makes it his property .

So John Emburey was handed the captaincy that could well have been his years earlier if he had not gone to South Africa in 1982 , thereby losing the Middlesex captaincy to Gatting after Mike Brearley retired .
so john emburey was handed the captaincy that could well have been his years earlier if he had not gone to south africa in 1982 , [as such] losing the middlesex captaincy to gatting after mike brearley retired .

Since they are both high-class batsmen this comes as quite a surprise , but looking through the records one sees that one of them has failed fairly often ; their strength is that when that has happened the other has usually gone on to a big score , thereby relieving the pressure on the middle order .
since they are both high-class batsmen this comes as quite a surprise , but looking through the records one sees that one of them has failed fairly often ; their strength is that when that has happened the other has usually gone on to a big score , [as such] relieving the pressure on the middle order .

At team meetings anyone was welcome to have his say , thereby building cohesion and a feeling that everyone belonged to the unit .
at team meetings anyone was welcome to have his say , [as such] building cohesion and a feeling that everyone belonged to the unit .

Europe was first to industrialise and thereby throw up the indigent urban proletariat , who in their turn founded the first labour organisations which spawned Marxism and fascism , both truly European ideologies .
europe was first to industrialise and [as such] throw up the indigent urban proletariat , who in their turn founded the first labour organisations which spawned marxism and fascism , both truly european ideologies .

It thereby cut its total bank debt from $ 1.5 billion to $ 259m .
it [as such] cut its total bank debt from $ 1.5 billion to $ 259m .

He had already agreed that the ‘ two-plus-four ’ talks between the Germanies and the victorious powers of 1945 — the United States , the Soviet Union , Britain and France — should start just before the East Germans voted : thereby underlining that foreigners have as much interest as Germans in the issue of unification .
he had already agreed that the ‘ two-plus-four ’ talks between the germanies and the victorious powers of 1945 — the united states , the soviet union , britain and france — should start just before the east germans voted : [as such] underlining that foreigners have as much interest as germans in the issue of unification .

The president , knowing that this foretold more terrible violence , asked the chiefs to call off the protest , thereby depriving his army of a further excuse for slaughter .
the president , knowing that this foretold more terrible violence , asked the chiefs to call off the protest , [as such] depriving his army of a further excuse for slaughter .

But for the moment there is precious little good news from the brothers who built the world 's largest advertising agency from a standing start 19 years ago , in the process building Mrs Thatcher into a formidable vote-winner and doing themselves no end of good thereby .
but for the moment there is precious little good news from the brothers who built the world 's largest advertising agency from a standing start 19 years ago , in the process building mrs thatcher into a formidable vote-winner and doing themselves no end of good [as such] .

The stewards established there had been interference , but it was accidental and had taken place before the second last and thereby did not count under the rules .
the stewards established there had been interference , but it was accidental and had taken place before the second last and [as such] did not count under the rules .

Between the 14th day of September 1987 and the 8th day of January 1988 conspired together and with other persons to defraud such persons who had or might have had an interest in dealing in shares in Blue Arrow , or National Westminster Bank , or in dealing on the Financial Times Stock Exchange 100 share index , namely : 2.1 By dishonestly concealing holdings of 19.39 per cent of the share capital of Blue Arrow ; 2.2 By falsely stating that all remaining shares not taken up in the rights issue by existing shareholders had been sold in the market ; 2.3 By falsely representing that 33,315,528 shares in Blue Arrow held by County NatWest Securities were held for the purposes of market making ; 2.4 By falsely representing that 34,069,433 shares in Blue Arrow held by Phillips & Drew Securities were held for the purposes of market making ; 2.5 By dealing off market with Union Bank of Switzerland in 28,201,743 shares in Blue Arrow when by reason of their connection with that company they were knowingly in possession of un-published price sensitive information ; 2.6 By creating a false instrument , namely a letter of indemnity dated 5 October 1987 from Nicholas Wells on behalf of County NatWest to Union Bank Of Switzerland ; 2.7 By engaging in a course of conduct which created a false or misleading impression as to the market in the shares of Blue Arrow for the purpose of creating such an impression and thereby influencing persons who might deal in those shares ; 2.8 By purchasing and retaining 2,150 Financial Times Stock Exchange 100 share index put option contracts to cover a risk of £51,500,000 whilst concealing from the market the true position in relation to the rights issue and the subsequent placing of shares in Blue Arrow , where Blue Arrow and National Westminster Bank were both component parts of that index .
between the 14th day of september 1987 and the 8th day of january 1988 conspired together and with other persons to defraud such persons who had or might have had an interest in dealing in shares in blue arrow , or national westminster bank , or in dealing on the financial times stock exchange 100 share index , namely : 2.1 by dishonestly concealing holdings of 19.39 per cent of the share capital of blue arrow ; 2.2 by falsely stating that all remaining shares not taken up in the rights issue by existing shareholders had been sold in the market ; 2.3 by falsely representing that 33,315,528 shares in blue arrow held by county natwest securities were held for the purposes of market making ; 2.4 by falsely representing that 34,069,433 shares in blue arrow held by phillips & drew securities were held for the purposes of market making ; 2.5 by dealing off market with union bank of switzerland in 28,201,743 shares in blue arrow when by reason of their connection with that company they were knowingly in possession of un-published price sensitive information ; 2.6 by creating a false instrument , namely a letter of indemnity dated 5 october 1987 from nicholas wells on behalf of county natwest to union bank of switzerland ; 2.7 by engaging in a course of conduct which created a false or misleading impression as to the market in the shares of blue arrow for the purpose of creating such an impression and [as such] influencing persons who might deal in those shares ; 2.8 by purchasing and retaining 2,150 financial times stock exchange 100 share index put option contracts to cover a risk of £51,500,000 whilst concealing from the market the true position in relation to the rights issue and the subsequent placing of shares in blue arrow , where blue arrow and national westminster bank were both component parts of that index .

It is one of my favourite films — Peter Sellers as the vicar who tries to put into practice the teachings of Jesus Christ , causing anarchy and chaos thereby .
it is one of my favourite films — peter sellers as the vicar who tries to put into practice the teachings of jesus christ , causing anarchy and chaos [as such] .

The outside-half thereby became only the second player , after Neil Bennett in the 1970s , to score 300 points in a season for Bedford .
the outside-half [as such] became only the second player , after neil bennett in the 1970s , to score 300 points in a season for bedford .

Jonathan Dimbleby tried interruption , thereby revealing his unfamiliarity with the story of Brer Rabbit and the Tar-Baby .
jonathan dimbleby tried interruption , [as such] revealing his unfamiliarity with the story of brer rabbit and the tar-baby .

Currency receivables can be sold forward thereby locking in the Sterling equivalent .
currency receivables can be sold forward [as such] locking in the sterling equivalent .

The borrowings are converted into Sterling when drawn down thereby locking in the exchange rate and the currency borrowings are repaid from the currency receivables .
the borrowings are converted into sterling when drawn down [as such] locking in the exchange rate and the currency borrowings are repaid from the currency receivables .

This is because a significant factor is the degree to which assumptions are built into the information system and thereby influence and affect the decision making .
this is because a significant factor is the degree to which assumptions are built into the information system and [as such] influence and affect the decision making .

In this way a knowledge of the patterning of events makes possible ‘ a mutual understanding of individuals and the impulses of aid to mate or young are thereby transformed into sympathetic actions ’ .
in this way a knowledge of the patterning of events makes possible ‘ a mutual understanding of individuals and the impulses of aid to mate or young are [as such] transformed into sympathetic actions ’ .

Sea worms , living in tubes , aerate their burrows periodically by washing water through them and thereby both receive oxygen from the fresh flow of water and keep their tubes clean .
sea worms , living in tubes , aerate their burrows periodically by washing water through them and [as such] both receive oxygen from the fresh flow of water and keep their tubes clean .

Some jellyfish beat the edges of the bell rhythmically and thereby rise in the water to remain near the surface .
some jellyfish beat the edges of the bell rhythmically and [as such] rise in the water to remain near the surface .

It is the function of the cognitive analyser to perform in exactly this way and thereby to relate the organism more closely to environmental and social change .
it is the function of the cognitive analyser to perform in exactly this way and [as such] to relate the organism more closely to environmental and social change .

In other collaborative activities individuals take turns in sitting vigilantly alert while others feed , thereby functioning as watchdogs or guards .
in other collaborative activities individuals take turns in sitting vigilantly alert while others feed , [as such] functioning as watchdogs or guards .

Males compete for females and thereby come to exclude one another from their ranges and , since male ranges are larger than those of females , there tend to be fewer males than females in any local community .
males compete for females and [as such] come to exclude one another from their ranges and , since male ranges are larger than those of females , there tend to be fewer males than females in any local community .

Furthermore , when such encounters happen the females do not necessarily retreat with the losers ; the winners thereby gain more potential mates .
furthermore , when such encounters happen the females do not necessarily retreat with the losers ; the winners [as such] gain more potential mates .

Since aggressive animals often have higher testosterone levels than normal this might aid a male in persisting in attacks on harem males and thereby in gaining a harem .
since aggressive animals often have higher testosterone levels than normal this might aid a male in persisting in attacks on harem males and [as such] in gaining a harem .

Females tend to remain in their natal units , which thereby increase gradually in size .
females tend to remain in their natal units , which [as such] increase gradually in size .

One of the central functions of drama is thereby distorted ( p. 153 ) .
one of the central functions of drama is [as such] distorted ( p. 153 ) .

We will introduce more competition and choice , thereby improving services to the tenant and increasing accountability .
we will introduce more competition and choice , [as such] improving services to the tenant and increasing accountability .

The argument about God thereby becomes an argument about language .
the argument about god [as such] becomes an argument about language .

The metaphysician , ‘ misled by a superficial grammatical feature of his language ’ , thereby supposes , Ayer argues , that the thing itself is a simple entity , which can be distinguished from its attributes .
the metaphysician , ‘ misled by a superficial grammatical feature of his language ’ , [as such] supposes , ayer argues , that the thing itself is a simple entity , which can be distinguished from its attributes .

What Language , Truth and Logic does is to call a particular philosophical position , rather than a particular branch of philosophy , ‘ metaphysics ’ and thereby nonsense .
what language , truth and logic does is to call a particular philosophical position , rather than a particular branch of philosophy , ‘ metaphysics ’ and [as such] nonsense .

The ‘ spiritual sense ’ view of faith has given rise to a form of spiritual elitism in which the believer welcomes a position in which he or she has no common ground with the unbeliever , and thereby turns the sort of dismissive ‘ religious language is nonsense ’ approach of Ayer into a welcome acceptance of the divide between men and women of reason on the one hand , and those with faith on the other .
the ‘ spiritual sense ’ view of faith has given rise to a form of spiritual elitism in which the believer welcomes a position in which he or she has no common ground with the unbeliever , and [as such] turns the sort of dismissive ‘ religious language is nonsense ’ approach of ayer into a welcome acceptance of the divide between men and women of reason on the one hand , and those with faith on the other .

Insisting that religious faith must be absolutely certain and secure , it decides that history can never provide such security and thereby loses interest in history altogether .
insisting that religious faith must be absolutely certain and secure , it decides that history can never provide such security and [as such] loses interest in history altogether .

Second , it actually overrides the differences between animate and inanimate , and thereby between the personal and impersonal , by perpetuating the myth of the universe as one big ‘ thing ’ , usually thought of in personal terms — as in the idea of ‘ mother earth ’ .
second , it actually overrides the differences between animate and inanimate , and [as such] between the personal and impersonal , by perpetuating the myth of the universe as one big ‘ thing ’ , usually thought of in personal terms — as in the idea of ‘ mother earth ’ .

Given that the theist believes that defining God involves thinking beyond the limits of thought , can he or she also fulfil the demand that a clear explanation be given of what is meant by the word ‘ God ’ ? Can not the sort of difficulty which the theist experiences in terms of describing God , for instance , as personal and impersonal , be justified by pointing out that attempting to think beyond the limits of thought is bound to entail stretching ordinary language beyond what it would normally bear ? The theist thereby comes to justify as a paradox what the atheist is wont to dismiss as a confusion .
given that the theist believes that defining god involves thinking beyond the limits of thought , can he or she also fulfil the demand that a clear explanation be given of what is meant by the word ‘ god ’ ? can not the sort of difficulty which the theist experiences in terms of describing god , for instance , as personal and impersonal , be justified by pointing out that attempting to think beyond the limits of thought is bound to entail stretching ordinary language beyond what it would normally bear ? the theist [as such] comes to justify as a paradox what the atheist is wont to dismiss as a confusion .

During 1989 we negotiated the acquisition of the estate agency arm of Pioneer Insurance Company , which with other acquisitions , brings out total property services outlets to 96 , thereby taking the Society well on the way to our target representation of 150 estate agency branches .
during 1989 we negotiated the acquisition of the estate agency arm of pioneer insurance company , which with other acquisitions , brings out total property services outlets to 96 , [as such] taking the society well on the way to our target representation of 150 estate agency branches .

And remember , the aim here is not to turn you into a super-mathematician but to accustom you to thinking somewhat differently to the way you were taught at school and thereby to make things easier for yourself .
and remember , the aim here is not to turn you into a super-mathematician but to accustom you to thinking somewhat differently to the way you were taught at school and [as such] to make things easier for yourself .

By varying your perfume choice with the frequency you change your smalls , you never build up that resistance ( and thereby avoid the risk of all but suffocating colleagues in a crowded lift with too much ‘ Shalimar ’ while you still ca n't smell a thing ) .
by varying your perfume choice with the frequency you change your smalls , you never build up that resistance ( and [as such] avoid the risk of all but suffocating colleagues in a crowded lift with too much ‘ shalimar ’ while you still ca n't smell a thing ) .

Current legislation is embodied in the Health and Safety at Work Act which places a general duty on an employer to ‘ conduct his undertaking in such a way as to ensure , as far as is practicable , that persons not in his employment who may be affected thereby , are not exposed to risks to their health and safety . ’
current legislation is embodied in the health and safety at work act which places a general duty on an employer to ‘ conduct his undertaking in such a way as to ensure , as far as is practicable , that persons not in his employment who may be affected [as such] , are not exposed to risks to their health and safety . ’

In Squibs Wins the Calcutta Sweep ( 1922 ) , for example , the energetic heroine suddenly comes into money , with which she spreads happiness to her neighbours and enjoys the high life , thereby offering audiences an opportunity for vicarious wish-fulfilment .
in squibs wins the calcutta sweep ( 1922 ) , for example , the energetic heroine suddenly comes into money , with which she spreads happiness to her neighbours and enjoys the high life , [as such] offering audiences an opportunity for vicarious wish-fulfilment .

While this demonstrates the public 's faith that the police can resolve any situation , the neighbourhood police are thereby presented with a dilemma : they either criminalize formally legal behaviour or disappoint public expectations .
while this demonstrates the public 's faith that the police can resolve any situation , the neighbourhood police are [as such] presented with a dilemma : they either criminalize formally legal behaviour or disappoint public expectations .

Having agreed to sell his shares to Knighton , thereby relinquishing the control he inherited from his father , Martin Edwards remains , at least temporarily , in the chief executive 's chair although his authority will not carry much conviction .
having agreed to sell his shares to knighton , [as such] relinquishing the control he inherited from his father , martin edwards remains , at least temporarily , in the chief executive 's chair although his authority will not carry much conviction .

He concentrated on it because he loved it , and he thereby proved once more his extreme simplicity of character .
he concentrated on it because he loved it , and he [as such] proved once more his extreme simplicity of character .

In executing what would be a normal stall recovery , any movement forwards will , or course , increase the pitching , thereby making the sensation more vivid and encouraging the pilot to think that the aircraft is not recovering .
in executing what would be a normal stall recovery , any movement forwards will , or course , increase the pitching , [as such] making the sensation more vivid and encouraging the pilot to think that the aircraft is not recovering .

His deeper and more influential education was thereby commenced , based on the key concept of ‘ oneness ’ , which would be intensified by the traditional recitations and questionings the eldest son asks of his father at Passover and the other festivals , and by his presence from an early age in the synagogue .
his deeper and more influential education was [as such] commenced , based on the key concept of ‘ oneness ’ , which would be intensified by the traditional recitations and questionings the eldest son asks of his father at passover and the other festivals , and by his presence from an early age in the synagogue .

So his Hebrew schooling thereby climaxed ; his public participation galvanising him to accelerated study .
so his hebrew schooling [as such] climaxed ; his public participation galvanising him to accelerated study .

And woe betide both of them if Leonard failed to phone her if he decided to stay out and thereby wasted the food !
and woe betide both of them if leonard failed to phone her if he decided to stay out and [as such] wasted the food !

denial of spiritual responsibility : if the onus had passed to his uncles , and thereby to his cousins , why should he care ?
denial of spiritual responsibility : if the onus had passed to his uncles , and [as such] to his cousins , why should he care ?

So it was that they went on to do other things , but separately ; a ‘ beautiful ’ working relationship was thereby broken up , and two highly creative thinkers had their play-writing ambitions stillborn .
so it was that they went on to do other things , but separately ; a ‘ beautiful ’ working relationship was [as such] broken up , and two highly creative thinkers had their play-writing ambitions stillborn .

On the other hand , do n't make a habit of shouting every time you do something : this will cause the panel to switch off , and thereby perhaps miss an actual score .
on the other hand , do n't make a habit of shouting every time you do something : this will cause the panel to switch off , and [as such] perhaps miss an actual score .

Intensive training routines cause the release of growth hormone from the pituitary gland , but insulin can block the release of this hormone and thereby nullify the effects of training .
intensive training routines cause the release of growth hormone from the pituitary gland , but insulin can block the release of this hormone and [as such] nullify the effects of training .

Nicholas Dyer is imagined as the builder of Nicholas Hawksmoor 's churches in the East End of London ; the enlightened edifices of a rational Christianity are thereby ascribed to a devil-worshipper , while the name ‘ Hawksmoor ’ is assigned to the Detective Chief Superintendent who , in the later narrative , frets himself into a delirium over a series of stranglings which takes place in the vicinity of the churches .
nicholas dyer is imagined as the builder of nicholas hawksmoor 's churches in the east end of london ; the enlightened edifices of a rational christianity are [as such] ascribed to a devil-worshipper , while the name ‘ hawksmoor ’ is assigned to the detective chief superintendent who , in the later narrative , frets himself into a delirium over a series of stranglings which takes place in the vicinity of the churches .

Male sterilization , vasectomy , involves cutting the vas deferens on each side , thereby preventing spermatozoa manufactured in the testes from reaching the urethra .
male sterilization , vasectomy , involves cutting the vas deferens on each side , [as such] preventing spermatozoa manufactured in the testes from reaching the urethra .

Thereby hangs this whole complicated tale .
[as such] hangs this whole complicated tale .

The cells in the club can specialize , each thereby becoming more efficient at performing its particular task .
the cells in the club can specialize , each [as such] becoming more efficient at performing its particular task .

The taking of booty from conquered cities was called by the Romans deditio ( surrender ) , a process in which captured weapons , money , works of art or other valuables were dedicated to the gods at Rome , thereby giving divine sanction to the imposition of Roman rule .
the taking of booty from conquered cities was called by the romans deditio ( surrender ) , a process in which captured weapons , money , works of art or other valuables were dedicated to the gods at rome , [as such] giving divine sanction to the imposition of roman rule .

11 ( Right ) The ‘ Westmacott Youth ’ , photographed from the direction of the figure 's gaze , thereby eliminating the strut and the support .
11 ( right ) the ‘ westmacott youth ’ , photographed from the direction of the figure 's gaze , [as such] eliminating the strut and the support .

Possibly the most trouble-free and profitable course in the first year is to grass-let part of the farm , on your own terms , thereby keeping the farm in work whilst leaving you free to get on with your development plans .
possibly the most trouble-free and profitable course in the first year is to grass-let part of the farm , on your own terms , [as such] keeping the farm in work whilst leaving you free to get on with your development plans .

The smallholder , growing only a few rows , will probably ‘ dibble ’ the tubers into the original ridges by hand , thereby saving the subsequent ridging operation .
the smallholder , growing only a few rows , will probably ‘ dibble ’ the tubers into the original ridges by hand , [as such] saving the subsequent ridging operation .

The newly restored Japanese Emperor opened the line , and thereby scotched the bitter religious opposition that had been aroused against the building of railways .
the newly restored japanese emperor opened the line , and [as such] scotched the bitter religious opposition that had been aroused against the building of railways .

The council would thereby be obliged to purchase the building and in theory repair it at ratepayers ' expense .
the council would [as such] be obliged to purchase the building and in theory repair it at ratepayers ' expense .

He recognised his ex-pupil 's handwriting on a letter and thereby identified the highwayman — even though Turpin had only been his pupil for three quarters of a year .
he recognised his ex-pupil 's handwriting on a letter and [as such] identified the highwayman — even though turpin had only been his pupil for three quarters of a year .

What Havel wittily shows is the kind of Catch-22 situation faced by a dissident in a despotism : whether to cling fiercely to your own moral integrity ( thereby landing others in the shit ) or whether to conform and perpetuate a corrupt system .
what havel wittily shows is the kind of catch-22 situation faced by a dissident in a despotism : whether to cling fiercely to your own moral integrity ( [as such] landing others in the shit ) or whether to conform and perpetuate a corrupt system .

It blessed the religious communities and thereby committed the Anglican Communion to an official acceptance of monks and nuns in a way which was so far unique to the Churches which came out of the Reformation .
it blessed the religious communities and [as such] committed the anglican communion to an official acceptance of monks and nuns in a way which was so far unique to the churches which came out of the reformation .

The trick was to portray one 's chief opponent as sectional , driven by class envy , and a danger to social and economic stability , and thereby to provoke a defensive coalition against him .
the trick was to portray one 's chief opponent as sectional , driven by class envy , and a danger to social and economic stability , and [as such] to provoke a defensive coalition against him .

Thereby , in the eyes not only of the United Kingdom but of the world , each of these territories became a sovereign independent state , alias a nation .
[as such] , in the eyes not only of the united kingdom but of the world , each of these territories became a sovereign independent state , alias a nation .

Thereby it remained , in Britain 's eyes though not in its own , a part of the Empire , which was beginning about that time to be called the Commonwealth , and its citizens remained British subjects .
[as such] it remained , in britain 's eyes though not in its own , a part of the empire , which was beginning about that time to be called the commonwealth , and its citizens remained british subjects .

More problematic is the way in which such a dislocation has led to the acceptance of her ‘ Mexicanness ’ as mere decoration of the essentially feminist themes of her work , thereby defusing a substantial part of the art described by Breton as a ‘ ribbon round a bomb ’ .
more problematic is the way in which such a dislocation has led to the acceptance of her ‘ mexicanness ’ as mere decoration of the essentially feminist themes of her work , [as such] defusing a substantial part of the art described by breton as a ‘ ribbon round a bomb ’ .

Drawing largely on the Marshall Berman/Perry Anderson debate , and thereby making of Modernism the characteristic expression of the experience of modernity , itself conceived as a response to capitalist modernisation , Callinicos seems to want to claim in essence that both the former are partial in respect of the fact of this last .
drawing largely on the marshall berman/perry anderson debate , and [as such] making of modernism the characteristic expression of the experience of modernity , itself conceived as a response to capitalist modernisation , callinicos seems to want to claim in essence that both the former are partial in respect of the fact of this last .

Thus , in his discussion of Modernism relative to Lukács and Brecht : ‘ to highlight the fact that Modernism shares with Romanticism a ‘ subjectified occasionalism , is not thereby to pass a negative aesthetic judgement on the works of art grouped together under the former label .
thus , in his discussion of modernism relative to lukács and brecht : ‘ to highlight the fact that modernism shares with romanticism a ‘ subjectified occasionalism , is not [as such] to pass a negative aesthetic judgement on the works of art grouped together under the former label .

Codifiers produced ever more elaborate schemes for the depiction of spatial arrangements , often thereby rendering their work incomprehensible to the practising artist .
codifiers produced ever more elaborate schemes for the depiction of spatial arrangements , often [as such] rendering their work incomprehensible to the practising artist .

Remember , in five years , time , most of these people will either be press officers ( doing the same as you are , but with less loving care ) or they will have been kicked upstairs to edit a page instead of writing on it , thereby saving readers from any more of their insufferable prose .
remember , in five years , time , most of these people will either be press officers ( doing the same as you are , but with less loving care ) or they will have been kicked upstairs to edit a page instead of writing on it , [as such] saving readers from any more of their insufferable prose .

However , many songwriters still choose to sign an exclusive publishing agreement with a music publisher , thereby giving up a portion of their royalties and fees , and assigning all rights in their songs to that music publisher for a set period of time .
however , many songwriters still choose to sign an exclusive publishing agreement with a music publisher , [as such] giving up a portion of their royalties and fees , and assigning all rights in their songs to that music publisher for a set period of time .

The aim of an Eagle Lodge is to provide supportive housing for single , elderly ex-Air Force persons , encouraging independence within a caring environment , thereby overcoming the problem of loneliness which affects so many in old age .
the aim of an eagle lodge is to provide supportive housing for single , elderly ex-air force persons , encouraging independence within a caring environment , [as such] overcoming the problem of loneliness which affects so many in old age .

The aim of an Eagle Lodge is to provide supportive housing for single , elderly ex-Air Force persona , encouraging independence within a caring family environment , thereby overcoming the problems of loneliness which affects so many in old age .
the aim of an eagle lodge is to provide supportive housing for single , elderly ex-air force persona , encouraging independence within a caring family environment , [as such] overcoming the problems of loneliness which affects so many in old age .

An unoccupied person , finding a drum , may be seized with a desire to beat it ; but unless he is an imbecile he will be unable to continue beating it , and thereby satisfying a need ( rather than a ‘ desire ’ ) , without finding a reason for so doing .
an unoccupied person , finding a drum , may be seized with a desire to beat it ; but unless he is an imbecile he will be unable to continue beating it , and [as such] satisfying a need ( rather than a ‘ desire ’ ) , without finding a reason for so doing .

One is that such policies produce an extension of economic freedom and , thereby , political freedom .
one is that such policies produce an extension of economic freedom and , [as such] , political freedom .

Here is a most revealing instance of the way a difference within the same , teleologically construed , can make a great deal of difference : in effect a difference of degree can be as real as a difference of kind but in a different way : the lesser is inferior and thereby inimical in a way the antithetical can not be , and the same becomes more ditferent than difference itself .
here is a most revealing instance of the way a difference within the same , teleologically construed , can make a great deal of difference : in effect a difference of degree can be as real as a difference of kind but in a different way : the lesser is inferior and [as such] inimical in a way the antithetical can not be , and the same becomes more ditferent than difference itself .

This too seems to have involved the fear of regression ; in social terms the inferior who stands opposite one in the world , thereby confirming one 's superiority , also stands behind one .
this too seems to have involved the fear of regression ; in social terms the inferior who stands opposite one in the world , [as such] confirming one 's superiority , also stands behind one .

But the complement remains forever out of reach and desire thereby becomes , for Lacan , a kind of ‘ derangement ’ , with the subject ‘ caught in the rails — eternally stretching forth towards the desire for something else — of metonymy ’ ( Écrits , 167 ) .
but the complement remains forever out of reach and desire [as such] becomes , for lacan , a kind of ‘ derangement ’ , with the subject ‘ caught in the rails — eternally stretching forth towards the desire for something else — of metonymy ’ ( écrits , 167 ) .

It sees meaning as always fundamentally incomplete because dependent on a potentially infinite relationship to what is ditferent or absent ; completion of meaning is always thereby deferred .
it sees meaning as always fundamentally incomplete because dependent on a potentially infinite relationship to what is ditferent or absent ; completion of meaning is always [as such] deferred .

Lawrence feels like going back and saying to her ‘ It 's all right , do n't take any notice of that mental lunatic ’ ( p. 304 ) , thereby offering a new inflection of the erotic triangle : intervening between Swift and Celia , Lawrence displaces his own anal neurosis on to Swift while offering his healthy ideal self to Celia — or rather he seeks to become his ideal self in her eyes .
lawrence feels like going back and saying to her ‘ it 's all right , do n't take any notice of that mental lunatic ’ ( p. 304 ) , [as such] offering a new inflection of the erotic triangle : intervening between swift and celia , lawrence displaces his own anal neurosis on to swift while offering his healthy ideal self to celia — or rather he seeks to become his ideal self in her eyes .

If this subculture imitates the dominant from below , it also thereby employs a strategy which embarrasses the dominant .
if this subculture imitates the dominant from below , it also [as such] employs a strategy which embarrasses the dominant .

He also castigates those who use cosmetics ‘ thereby making themselves seeme that which , indeede they are not ’ , and practising what ‘ is most abominable in the very light of nature , and much more by the light of Gods word ’ ( p. 214 ) .
he also castigates those who use cosmetics ‘ [as such] making themselves seeme that which , indeede they are not ’ , and practising what ‘ is most abominable in the very light of nature , and much more by the light of gods word ’ ( p. 214 ) .

Camp thereby negotiates some of the lived contradictions of subordination , simultaneously refashioning as a weapon of attack an oppressive identity inherited as subordination , and hollowing out dominant formations responsible for that identity in the first instance .
camp [as such] negotiates some of the lived contradictions of subordination , simultaneously refashioning as a weapon of attack an oppressive identity inherited as subordination , and hollowing out dominant formations responsible for that identity in the first instance .

As Jane Feuer points out , camp involves a kind of sensibility in which ‘ blank mimicry and a critical edge may coexist ’ , and thereby resembles that form of postmodern parody which Linda Hutcheon defines as a ‘ repetition with critical distance that allows ironic signalling of difference at the very heart of similarity ’ .
as jane feuer points out , camp involves a kind of sensibility in which ‘ blank mimicry and a critical edge may coexist ’ , and [as such] resembles that form of postmodern parody which linda hutcheon defines as a ‘ repetition with critical distance that allows ironic signalling of difference at the very heart of similarity ’ .

Thereby camp may also , either implicitly or directly , interrogate the norm which , according to Jameson , traditional parody assumes .
[as such] camp may also , either implicitly or directly , interrogate the norm which , according to jameson , traditional parody assumes .

And this , far from being a containment ( transgression presupposing and thereby ratifying the norm it contravenes ) , is one condition of the norm 's undoing .
and this , far from being a containment ( transgression presupposing and [as such] ratifying the norm it contravenes ) , is one condition of the norm 's undoing .

Transgressive reinscription will always remain controversial , if only because it raises such disturbing questions about desire itself , making it profoundly social and thereby asking equally disturbing questions about culture , representation , and social process .
transgressive reinscription will always remain controversial , if only because it raises such disturbing questions about desire itself , making it profoundly social and [as such] asking equally disturbing questions about culture , representation , and social process .

But transgressive reinscription appropriates reaction for resistance , thereby substituting agency for autonomy .
but transgressive reinscription appropriates reaction for resistance , [as such] substituting agency for autonomy .

Did television marginalize the Alliance and thereby contribute to its failure ?
did television marginalize the alliance and [as such] contribute to its failure ?

Both would thereby indicate a preference for the Conservative Party but their attitudes would not be the same .
both would [as such] indicate a preference for the conservative party but their attitudes would not be the same .

No doubt both tendencies arose in part because the voters themselves became more strongly partisan at that time ; but it also seems likely that television became more strictly impartial ( thereby offending both Labour and Conservative partisans more ) while the press became more stridently partisan ( Chapter 6 ) .
no doubt both tendencies arose in part because the voters themselves became more strongly partisan at that time ; but it also seems likely that television became more strictly impartial ( [as such] offending both labour and conservative partisans more ) while the press became more stridently partisan ( chapter 6 ) .

In this way , people such as the Trobrianders of the Pacific , made famous by Malinowshi , spend a great deal of their energy producing goods of no practical value , mainly elaborate pieces of jewellery , for no other purpose than to exchange them with neighbours , and thereby maintain peaceful social relations .
in this way , people such as the trobrianders of the pacific , made famous by malinowshi , spend a great deal of their energy producing goods of no practical value , mainly elaborate pieces of jewellery , for no other purpose than to exchange them with neighbours , and [as such] maintain peaceful social relations .

In all this work , Marx , and to a lesser extent , Engels , foreshadow later anthropology and even run into the same technical difficulties concerning what term to use for pre-capitalist property systems , thereby showing how close they are to modern scholars .
in all this work , marx , and to a lesser extent , engels , foreshadow later anthropology and even run into the same technical difficulties concerning what term to use for pre-capitalist property systems , [as such] showing how close they are to modern scholars .

Furthermore , the research process was to be used to train locals in obtaining the information they needed , and thereby develop a network of individuals and groups who would express their concern for the land issues of the region by an ongoing commitment to further action at local and National level using the results obtained from the study .
furthermore , the research process was to be used to train locals in obtaining the information they needed , and [as such] develop a network of individuals and groups who would express their concern for the land issues of the region by an ongoing commitment to further action at local and national level using the results obtained from the study .

The workshop sessions at Highlander which had sought to clarify the types of information which were required led to the production of a coding sheet which research workers could fill in with the individual details , thereby ensuring both comprehensive coverage , and compatibility between researchers .
the workshop sessions at highlander which had sought to clarify the types of information which were required led to the production of a coding sheet which research workers could fill in with the individual details , [as such] ensuring both comprehensive coverage , and compatibility between researchers .

They made a water gate in the south wall and built a boathouse large enough to accommodate three barges , thereby gaining rent paid by two other users .
they made a water gate in the south wall and built a boathouse large enough to accommodate three barges , [as such] gaining rent paid by two other users .

The aim was , no doubt , to win them over and thereby weaken the Puritan opposition .
the aim was , no doubt , to win them over and [as such] weaken the puritan opposition .

The construction of the Suez Canal — which links the Mediterranean Sea and the Red Sea , thereby shortening considerably the shipping distance between Europe and the eastern continents — was commenced in 1859 , the same year as Charles Robert Darwin published his ‘ Origins of Species ’ which provoked a great deal of controversy .
the construction of the suez canal — which links the mediterranean sea and the red sea , [as such] shortening considerably the shipping distance between europe and the eastern continents — was commenced in 1859 , the same year as charles robert darwin published his ‘ origins of species ’ which provoked a great deal of controversy .

Its history of commerce is believed to be the reason why Ealing — of which Brentford was originally its southernmost part — decided to keep Brentford at arm 's length , thereby retaining to itself , an almost exclusively residential area as Ealing .
its history of commerce is believed to be the reason why ealing — of which brentford was originally its southernmost part — decided to keep brentford at arm 's length , [as such] retaining to itself , an almost exclusively residential area as ealing .

The Trunk Road Act , 1936 had an effect on Chiswick , in that under its legislation the Government and Local Government officials were able to propose new dual carriageway Trunk Roads , and one such road would cut across Chiswick , thereby severing the district into two parts .
the trunk road act , 1936 had an effect on chiswick , in that under its legislation the government and local government officials were able to propose new dual carriageway trunk roads , and one such road would cut across chiswick , [as such] severing the district into two parts .

Nevertheless , he obtained a Commission in the Regular Army before the Great War of 1914 — 1918 , in which he was wounded by a sniper 's bullet through a lung , and would have died but for the fact that one of his men , having also been wounded , fell on top of ‘ Monty ’ and thereby , protected him from further sniper bullets until darkness permitted rescue to be made .
nevertheless , he obtained a commission in the regular army before the great war of 1914 — 1918 , in which he was wounded by a sniper 's bullet through a lung , and would have died but for the fact that one of his men , having also been wounded , fell on top of ‘ monty ’ and [as such] , protected him from further sniper bullets until darkness permitted rescue to be made .

In fact , just over 60 % had no option thereby greatly reducing the enterprises that these family and part-time farmers could engage in .
in fact , just over 60 % had no option [as such] greatly reducing the enterprises that these family and part-time farmers could engage in .

In two areas where unemployment was particularly high the farm , even though providing little or no financial return , was seen as an important factor in keeping the male school leavers occupied thereby fulfilling an important social function .
in two areas where unemployment was particularly high the farm , even though providing little or no financial return , was seen as an important factor in keeping the male school leavers occupied [as such] fulfilling an important social function .

Planners have often tended to oppose such industrial activities on farms and in smaller villages and have thereby obstructed the achievement of an integrated approach to rural development .
planners have often tended to oppose such industrial activities on farms and in smaller villages and have [as such] obstructed the achievement of an integrated approach to rural development .

Murdoch had turned his hat on a lathe , thereby inventing a method of turning oval objects .
murdoch had turned his hat on a lathe , [as such] inventing a method of turning oval objects .

Thus a prime objective at every stage is to prevent the necessity for increasingly intrusive interventions , thereby maintaining autonomy and family integrity .
thus a prime objective at every stage is to prevent the necessity for increasingly intrusive interventions , [as such] maintaining autonomy and family integrity .

Because of the disruptive influence of Self 1 on our performance , Gallwey , rather than teaching us how to perform a skill , concentrates on ways of distracting Self 1 thereby letting the body perform in its own intuitive way .
because of the disruptive influence of self 1 on our performance , gallwey , rather than teaching us how to perform a skill , concentrates on ways of distracting self 1 [as such] letting the body perform in its own intuitive way .

As the name implies you walk towards the back of the board thereby sinking the tail .
as the name implies you walk towards the back of the board [as such] sinking the tail .

You can unhook by taking the weight of the rig back on to your arms , thereby allowing the rope to fall out of the hook .
you can unhook by taking the weight of the rig back on to your arms , [as such] allowing the rope to fall out of the hook .

You will only get enough power to do this by extending the arms as high as possible , thereby getting the rig upright .
you will only get enough power to do this by extending the arms as high as possible , [as such] getting the rig upright .

By using the back heel placed on the centreline , pull the back of the board towards you thereby making it infinitely easier for the rig to pull you over the board .
by using the back heel placed on the centreline , pull the back of the board towards you [as such] making it infinitely easier for the rig to pull you over the board .

Note that if we were looking across the board from left to right the rig would still be relatively upright , as it is being pushed well forwards thereby supplying maximum power .
note that if we were looking across the board from left to right the rig would still be relatively upright , as it is being pushed well forwards [as such] supplying maximum power .

The feet should be kept in the straps until sheeting in on the new tack , thereby keeping the board on its banked course throughout the crucial rig change .
the feet should be kept in the straps until sheeting in on the new tack , [as such] keeping the board on its banked course throughout the crucial rig change .

The timing of when to do the turn is particularly important in anything other than in dead flat water , since the slope of even the smallest wave can be used to bank off , thereby helping to maintain speed .
the timing of when to do the turn is particularly important in anything other than in dead flat water , since the slope of even the smallest wave can be used to bank off , [as such] helping to maintain speed .

As the board leaves the wave , use the front foot to lift the windward rail , thereby encouraging the wind to catch under the board and giving more lift .
as the board leaves the wave , use the front foot to lift the windward rail , [as such] encouraging the wind to catch under the board and giving more lift .

The safer option is to start about fifteen per cent further down the line , thereby giving yourself a little more room .
the safer option is to start about fifteen per cent further down the line , [as such] giving yourself a little more room .

If you get on the layline too early then you risk being slowed down by everyone tacking in front of you and , furthermore , if the wind shifts you have no option other than sailing on , thereby losing ground over your competitors .
if you get on the layline too early then you risk being slowed down by everyone tacking in front of you and , furthermore , if the wind shifts you have no option other than sailing on , [as such] losing ground over your competitors .

Notice how his long harness lines are enabling him to sail with straight arms thereby keeping the rig upright .
notice how his long harness lines are enabling him to sail with straight arms [as such] keeping the rig upright .

Since virtually all credits are given to local or regional enterprises , much of the money thereby created returns as deposits to the credit-giving banks .
since virtually all credits are given to local or regional enterprises , much of the money [as such] created returns as deposits to the credit-giving banks .

She then traces the development of the novel from the fifteenth century through increasingly complex versions of the same ‘ open structure ’ , thereby linking the production of specific instances of narrative with a particular stage of psychic development .
she then traces the development of the novel from the fifteenth century through increasingly complex versions of the same ‘ open structure ’ , [as such] linking the production of specific instances of narrative with a particular stage of psychic development .

Holders of the prefs will forego dividends in return for 13.7 per cent compound growth over the trust 's seven years , thereby allowing the managers to increase dividends to ordinary shareholders who will hold two-thirds of the capital .
holders of the prefs will forego dividends in return for 13.7 per cent compound growth over the trust 's seven years , [as such] allowing the managers to increase dividends to ordinary shareholders who will hold two-thirds of the capital .

The defendants admitted 20 , thereby conceding the government 's main case .
the defendants admitted 20 , [as such] conceding the government 's main case .

Both the James Committee in 1976 and the Criminal Law Revision Committee in 1980 recommended the abolition of the offence of causing death by reckless driving , thereby accepting the ‘ illogicality ’ argument .
both the james committee in 1976 and the criminal law revision committee in 1980 recommended the abolition of the offence of causing death by reckless driving , [as such] accepting the ‘ illogicality ’ argument .

Under section 1 ( 2 ) of the Criminal Damage Act 1971 it is an offence — punishable with life imprisonment — to damage property ‘ intending by the destruction or damage to endanger the life of another or being reckless whether the life of another would be thereby endangered ’ .
under section 1 ( 2 ) of the criminal damage act 1971 it is an offence — punishable with life imprisonment — to damage property ‘ intending by the destruction or damage to endanger the life of another or being reckless whether the life of another would be [as such] endangered ’ .

Is English law right to define rape in this way , and thereby to exclude from this offence such conduct as forced oral sex ( fellatio ) , cunnilingus , and buggery ?
is english law right to define rape in this way , and [as such] to exclude from this offence such conduct as forced oral sex ( fellatio ) , cunnilingus , and buggery ?

The loyalty oath duly turned up in the book — Major Major is blacklisted and is thereby debarred from taking the oath .
the loyalty oath duly turned up in the book — major major is blacklisted and is [as such] debarred from taking the oath .

So far we have considered man-made materials where the composition reflects the processing , but the composition of materials such as stones and gems , which were used without chemical modification , can also sometimes indicate their source , and thereby the authenticity of artefacts made from them .
so far we have considered man-made materials where the composition reflects the processing , but the composition of materials such as stones and gems , which were used without chemical modification , can also sometimes indicate their source , and [as such] the authenticity of artefacts made from them .

This woman violates the taboo of not touching any man when in a state of impurity by secretly touching his garment , hoping thereby to heal herself .
this woman violates the taboo of not touching any man when in a state of impurity by secretly touching his garment , hoping [as such] to heal herself .

Sometimes chemicals known as buffers are added to slow down the reaction rate thereby reducing corrosiveness .
sometimes chemicals known as buffers are added to slow down the reaction rate [as such] reducing corrosiveness .

Restrictors can be fitted on the feed pipe delaying the return of the plunger after operation and thereby limiting over-use of the chemical .
restrictors can be fitted on the feed pipe delaying the return of the plunger after operation and [as such] limiting over-use of the chemical .

Cleaning is faster , reducing down time and thereby increasing utilisation of machinery .
cleaning is faster , reducing down time and [as such] increasing utilisation of machinery .

Food product quality is more easily maintained thereby reducing spoilage losses and production time through unscheduled cleaning .
food product quality is more easily maintained [as such] reducing spoilage losses and production time through unscheduled cleaning .

However , they have consistently opted to eke out a living by temporary migration and wage labour rather than leaving in such numbers so as to exceed natural population growth , and thereby ease the pressure .
however , they have consistently opted to eke out a living by temporary migration and wage labour rather than leaving in such numbers so as to exceed natural population growth , and [as such] ease the pressure .

If soil erosion is principally identified as an environmental problem , then the ‘ degrees of freedom ’ , and policy options which derive from concomitant changes in the social sphere are thereby closed .
if soil erosion is principally identified as an environmental problem , then the ‘ degrees of freedom ’ , and policy options which derive from concomitant changes in the social sphere are [as such] closed .

One might ask why the non-indigenous whites who ran private farms ( and thereby improperly ‘ unsettled ’ other natives ) are assumed to ‘ use ’ rather than ‘ destroy ’ all the valuable timber .
one might ask why the non-indigenous whites who ran private farms ( and [as such] improperly ‘ unsettled ’ other natives ) are assumed to ‘ use ’ rather than ‘ destroy ’ all the valuable timber .

Briefly , the incorporation of an economy into the world economic system involves an extension of the market mechanism between producers and consumers in the lesser developed country with other countries or transnational companies , and thereby a closer political relationship between other trading partners and national or international financial institutions .
briefly , the incorporation of an economy into the world economic system involves an extension of the market mechanism between producers and consumers in the lesser developed country with other countries or transnational companies , and [as such] a closer political relationship between other trading partners and national or international financial institutions .

As has been implied , the motivation of the regionalist novelists was often extra-literary , the novel being used as a vehicle to draw a particular situation to the eyes of the world , to influence public opinion and , thereby , to bring about social change .
as has been implied , the motivation of the regionalist novelists was often extra-literary , the novel being used as a vehicle to draw a particular situation to the eyes of the world , to influence public opinion and , [as such] , to bring about social change .

In contrast , other writers abandon all pretence of detached objectivity and deliberately flaunt their presence , thereby foregrounding the subjective nature of their narrative .
in contrast , other writers abandon all pretence of detached objectivity and deliberately flaunt their presence , [as such] foregrounding the subjective nature of their narrative .

In the end , all the Arab states dug their heels in and demanded refugee repatriation as an essential element to peace , thereby joining Israel in linking the refugee issue to an overall peace .
in the end , all the arab states dug their heels in and demanded refugee repatriation as an essential element to peace , [as such] joining israel in linking the refugee issue to an overall peace .

It restricted the use of water by proclamation , and introduced meters to ration water consumption for agricultural use at its pre-1967 level , thereby limiting the amount of expansion possible in the most important sector of the territories ' economy .
it restricted the use of water by proclamation , and introduced meters to ration water consumption for agricultural use at its pre-1967 level , [as such] limiting the amount of expansion possible in the most important sector of the territories ' economy .

’ after the Murrays ' car , and crowed loudly with his diminishing circle of admirers over his enemies ' downfall , thereby reducing his popularity still further .
’ after the murrays ' car , and crowed loudly with his diminishing circle of admirers over his enemies ' downfall , [as such] reducing his popularity still further .

Associative theories of acquired distinctiveness ( and of perceptual learning more generally ) assume , they argued , that ‘ percepts change over time by acquiring progressively more memory images ’ ( p. 34 ) , thereby becoming enriched .
associative theories of acquired distinctiveness ( and of perceptual learning more generally ) assume , they argued , that ‘ percepts change over time by acquiring progressively more memory images ’ ( p. 34 ) , [as such] becoming enriched .

Six hundred people in the business coughed up £2 10s 0d each , thereby becoming known as the Noble Six Hundred ; subsequent donations and the proceeds of Royal Variety performances meant that a nursing wing was added two years ago , and today there are 36 residents with a staff of 60 to look after them .
six hundred people in the business coughed up £2 10s 0d each , [as such] becoming known as the noble six hundred ; subsequent donations and the proceeds of royal variety performances meant that a nursing wing was added two years ago , and today there are 36 residents with a staff of 60 to look after them .

The identities need switching and the whole statement inverting , thus : ‘ The historical wrecker and terrorist , whether in Petersburg or Bologna , must bear the mark of the fiction and thereby confirm it .
the identities need switching and the whole statement inverting , thus : ‘ the historical wrecker and terrorist , whether in petersburg or bologna , must bear the mark of the fiction and [as such] confirm it .

The perverted originality of Iago 's ruse , now linked to a cause , thereby loses its lurid gleam .
the perverted originality of iago 's ruse , now linked to a cause , [as such] loses its lurid gleam .

The other part of my proposal will probably prove annoying to radicals , thereby ensuring a proper balance .
the other part of my proposal will probably prove annoying to radicals , [as such] ensuring a proper balance .

Mr Lo thus put himself in the forefront of consensus politics in Hong Kong , thereby leaving his unrelated namesake , Lo Tak-shing , to seize the high ground further to the right .
mr lo thus put himself in the forefront of consensus politics in hong kong , [as such] leaving his unrelated namesake , lo tak-shing , to seize the high ground further to the right .

The principle indicated in those cases was a long way from the circumstances of the present case and was far from warranting the conclusion that by making a photocopy of a document which in the hands of the maker of the photocopy was not privileged , and then sending the photocopy to a solicitor for the purposes of obtaining advice , privilege was thereby cast on the copy sent to the soicitor .
the principle indicated in those cases was a long way from the circumstances of the present case and was far from warranting the conclusion that by making a photocopy of a document which in the hands of the maker of the photocopy was not privileged , and then sending the photocopy to a solicitor for the purposes of obtaining advice , privilege was [as such] cast on the copy sent to the soicitor .

All that remains now is for the draw , which will be made in the Rome Sports Palace late this afternoon , to avoid such minor irritations as Holland joining England in Sardinia , thereby doubling the security problem ; Scotland renewing hostilities with Uruguay , whom they have refused to meet in friendlies since the 1986 World Cup ; and Austria playing West Germany , which would revive memories of the cynical conspiracy in 1982 which froze Algeria out of the second phase .
all that remains now is for the draw , which will be made in the rome sports palace late this afternoon , to avoid such minor irritations as holland joining england in sardinia , [as such] doubling the security problem ; scotland renewing hostilities with uruguay , whom they have refused to meet in friendlies since the 1986 world cup ; and austria playing west germany , which would revive memories of the cynical conspiracy in 1982 which froze algeria out of the second phase .

In a very timely book , Israel 's Fateful Decisions , published shortly before the Intifada broke out , the Israeli scholar , General Yehoshavat Harkabi , wrote that for a settlement to be possible , both sides must first renounce their respective dreams or ‘ grand designs ’ — for the Zionists , the ‘ redemption ’ of all the Land of Israel , for the Palestinians , the ‘ liberation ’ of all the territory that once was theirs — and thereby end what he calls the absolute , ‘ existential ’ nature of the struggle .
in a very timely book , israel 's fateful decisions , published shortly before the intifada broke out , the israeli scholar , general yehoshavat harkabi , wrote that for a settlement to be possible , both sides must first renounce their respective dreams or ‘ grand designs ’ — for the zionists , the ‘ redemption ’ of all the land of israel , for the palestinians , the ‘ liberation ’ of all the territory that once was theirs — and [as such] end what he calls the absolute , ‘ existential ’ nature of the struggle .

Mr Robertson told the second and final day of a hearing by the board 's video appeal committee that St Theresa was portrayed in mystical ecstasy — using pain to place herself at the mercy of her subconscious and thereby contemplate Jesus on the Cross .
mr robertson told the second and final day of a hearing by the board 's video appeal committee that st theresa was portrayed in mystical ecstasy — using pain to place herself at the mercy of her subconscious and [as such] contemplate jesus on the cross .

Dr Major , a police physician , found Day 's trousers smothered with red lead , thereby completely obliterating any sign of blood .
dr major , a police physician , found day 's trousers smothered with red lead , [as such] completely obliterating any sign of blood .

What seemed to support this theory was that Anthony Foster was said to have been strangled shortly afterwards , thereby tying up all the loose ends and avoiding embarrassment in the future .
what seemed to support this theory was that anthony foster was said to have been strangled shortly afterwards , [as such] tying up all the loose ends and avoiding embarrassment in the future .

Otherwise traders will dump the stock on the market at giveaway prices , thereby discouraging the public from renting .
otherwise traders will dump the stock on the market at giveaway prices , [as such] discouraging the public from renting .

During the raking , we push a considerable amount under the trees and shrubs thereby providing a mulch .
during the raking , we push a considerable amount under the trees and shrubs [as such] providing a mulch .

There are , however , homœopathists who carry about with them on their visits to patients the homœopathic medicines in the fluid state , and who yet assert that they do not become more highly potentised in the course of time , but they thereby show their want of ability to observe correctly .
there are , however , homœopathists who carry about with them on their visits to patients the homœopathic medicines in the fluid state , and who yet assert that they do not become more highly potentised in the course of time , but they [as such] show their want of ability to observe correctly .

Artificial appearance thereby takes on a sexual overtone which Porter detects in the expression ‘ making faces ’ , meaning to have sex Keith Thomas observes that by the eighteenth century bodily control became a symbol of social hierarchy An elegant person would not pass wind audibly , or expose teeth while laughing .
artificial appearance [as such] takes on a sexual overtone which porter detects in the expression ‘ making faces ’ , meaning to have sex keith thomas observes that by the eighteenth century bodily control became a symbol of social hierarchy an elegant person would not pass wind audibly , or expose teeth while laughing .

In all these and similar ways a government can exercise power and control over people without attempting thereby to exercise authority over them .
in all these and similar ways a government can exercise power and control over people without attempting [as such] to exercise authority over them .

The horse may also snort , which clears the respiratory tract , thereby increasing his smelling ability and also allowing ease of breathing if the object proves to be dangerous and flight is necessary .
the horse may also snort , which clears the respiratory tract , [as such] increasing his smelling ability and also allowing ease of breathing if the object proves to be dangerous and flight is necessary .

Do the courts ignore the police malpractice and allow the jury to hear evidence of this confession , thereby , of course , greatly increasing the chances of a guilty verdict ?
do the courts ignore the police malpractice and allow the jury to hear evidence of this confession , [as such] , of course , greatly increasing the chances of a guilty verdict ?

At his trial for this offence , he sought the exclusion of the evidence thereby obtained on the ground that he had been the victim of an entrapment .
at his trial for this offence , he sought the exclusion of the evidence [as such] obtained on the ground that he had been the victim of an entrapment .

In contrast to the administrative procedures operating before 1986 , the Act authorizes warrants to be granted for preventing as well as detecting crime , thereby compromising the important question of principle identified by Dicey that ‘ preventive measures are inconsistent with the pervading principle of English law , that men are to be interfered with or punished , not because they may or will break the law , but only when they have committed some definite assignable legal offence ’ ( Dicey , 1959 : 249 ) .
in contrast to the administrative procedures operating before 1986 , the act authorizes warrants to be granted for preventing as well as detecting crime , [as such] compromising the important question of principle identified by dicey that ‘ preventive measures are inconsistent with the pervading principle of english law , that men are to be interfered with or punished , not because they may or will break the law , but only when they have committed some definite assignable legal offence ’ ( dicey , 1959 : 249 ) .

The idea was that the number of people engaged in this activity would increase dramatically with every action , thereby demonstrating the depth of feeling against nuclear weapons .
the idea was that the number of people engaged in this activity would increase dramatically with every action , [as such] demonstrating the depth of feeling against nuclear weapons .

The only function of genes is to determine which proteins are made , thereby determining which chemical reactions take place and which structures will be present in the cell .
the only function of genes is to determine which proteins are made , [as such] determining which chemical reactions take place and which structures will be present in the cell .

The yellow may nymph is best adapted for rough boulders , while the marsh brown nymph fits against smooth stones , upon which its gill-like plates press down , thereby creating a vacuum .
the yellow may nymph is best adapted for rough boulders , while the marsh brown nymph fits against smooth stones , upon which its gill-like plates press down , [as such] creating a vacuum .

The black waters of the fen halted the plough , thereby limiting the expansion of economic growth which a fen parish could sustain .
the black waters of the fen halted the plough , [as such] limiting the expansion of economic growth which a fen parish could sustain .

By the twelfth century , increasingly elaborate drainage schemes had led to contraction of the peat , thereby causing the land to drop ever lower in relation to the menacing waters of the English Channel .
by the twelfth century , increasingly elaborate drainage schemes had led to contraction of the peat , [as such] causing the land to drop ever lower in relation to the menacing waters of the english channel .

By dredging up gravel , therefore , river managers were actually de-stabilizing the river bed , thereby contributing to the erosion which they were supposedly trying to prevent .
by dredging up gravel , therefore , river managers were actually de-stabilizing the river bed , [as such] contributing to the erosion which they were supposedly trying to prevent .

Teaching would thereby be compelled to become rigid and unimaginative , and the possibility of children following their interests at their own pace will be eroded .
teaching would [as such] be compelled to become rigid and unimaginative , and the possibility of children following their interests at their own pace will be eroded .

To his daughters , Urraca and Elvira , he gave dominion over all the monasteries within his borders , on the sole understanding that they did not marry and thereby produce alternate heirs to the kingdom .
to his daughters , urraca and elvira , he gave dominion over all the monasteries within his borders , on the sole understanding that they did not marry and [as such] produce alternate heirs to the kingdom .

in order to be known thereby , while others
in order to be known [as such] , while others

He was polishing glasses and he held them up to the light to check them and thereby seemed to be ignoring Maidstone completely .
he was polishing glasses and he held them up to the light to check them and [as such] seemed to be ignoring maidstone completely .

He was aware of making an effort to pass this question off as casually as possible and thereby knew he had failed .
he was aware of making an effort to pass this question off as casually as possible and [as such] knew he had failed .

Basically these problems attend many surgical operations , and the question resolves itself into whether the transsexual should be allowed to consent ; whether , in other words , the state has an interest in striking out such consent , and thereby rendering the surgeon who goes ahead liable in tort , on the ground that he can not rely on such consent .
basically these problems attend many surgical operations , and the question resolves itself into whether the transsexual should be allowed to consent ; whether , in other words , the state has an interest in striking out such consent , and [as such] rendering the surgeon who goes ahead liable in tort , on the ground that he can not rely on such consent .

To offer a means of institutionalizing their relationships ( which , if given the opportunity , would perhaps be as stable as the average ‘ normal ’ modern marriage ) , thereby guaranteeing some rights of continued support between the parties , would thus serve as a valuable method of ameliorating a particular social ill .
to offer a means of institutionalizing their relationships ( which , if given the opportunity , would perhaps be as stable as the average ‘ normal ’ modern marriage ) , [as such] guaranteeing some rights of continued support between the parties , would thus serve as a valuable method of ameliorating a particular social ill .

the fostering of an impersonal approach to health and medical care , where the machine intrudes between the patient and the doctor , and may thereby affect deleteriously the development of caring personal relationships .
the fostering of an impersonal approach to health and medical care , where the machine intrudes between the patient and the doctor , and may [as such] affect deleteriously the development of caring personal relationships .

Dr Goode said he trusted himself , and clearly he is a good doctor ; but can we always afford to trust , or do we thereby run the risk of taking a step down the road towards euthanasia , both voluntary and involuntary .
dr goode said he trusted himself , and clearly he is a good doctor ; but can we always afford to trust , or do we [as such] run the risk of taking a step down the road towards euthanasia , both voluntary and involuntary .

The appropriate response , however , is not to alter the law so as to allow euthanasia , and thereby arguably undermine the respect for life enshrined both in the law and medical training .
the appropriate response , however , is not to alter the law so as to allow euthanasia , and [as such] arguably undermine the respect for life enshrined both in the law and medical training .

Fourth , if , having acted according to these principles , he were subsequently challenged regarding the lawfulness of his conduct , the doctor would have the benefit of the defence of necessity if he had intervened , but if he had not intervened , he would not thereby be in breach of his duty to his patient .
fourth , if , having acted according to these principles , he were subsequently challenged regarding the lawfulness of his conduct , the doctor would have the benefit of the defence of necessity if he had intervened , but if he had not intervened , he would not [as such] be in breach of his duty to his patient .

He thereby puts the patient in a position to make a decision which is informed .
he [as such] puts the patient in a position to make a decision which is informed .

It is also an immensely difficult decision for the doctor , who will have established over time a relationship of confidence with all but the most severely unfit of his patients ( who anyway are unlikely to have expressed a view ) , which confidence will be shattered if the patient 's request is ignored , thereby adding , if possible , to the unhappiness of the patient .
it is also an immensely difficult decision for the doctor , who will have established over time a relationship of confidence with all but the most severely unfit of his patients ( who anyway are unlikely to have expressed a view ) , which confidence will be shattered if the patient 's request is ignored , [as such] adding , if possible , to the unhappiness of the patient .

At death a series of rites enabled the pharaoh himself to become Osiris and thereby safe from the depredations of time .
at death a series of rites enabled the pharaoh himself to become osiris and [as such] safe from the depredations of time .

For Zarathustra had spoken of the good and evil spirits as twins and thereby implied that they had a common origin .
for zarathustra had spoken of the good and evil spirits as twins and [as such] implied that they had a common origin .

The more sophisticated Greeks were thus made to regard man in pre-Trojan times as much the same as his distant offspring , and this tended to demythologize the Greek legends , thereby placing the past in quite a new perspective .
the more sophisticated greeks were thus made to regard man in pre-trojan times as much the same as his distant offspring , and this tended to demythologize the greek legends , [as such] placing the past in quite a new perspective .

In the latter part of the fourth century the last great emperor of the west , Theodosius , who was of Spanish origin , finally abolished the pagan Roman calendar with its hotchpotch of festivals , thereby severing one of the most familiar links the Romans had with their historic past .
in the latter part of the fourth century the last great emperor of the west , theodosius , who was of spanish origin , finally abolished the pagan roman calendar with its hotchpotch of festivals , [as such] severing one of the most familiar links the romans had with their historic past .

Indeed , some plants were even named thereby , for example , the ‘ day 's eye ’ ( daisy ) , so-called in allusion to its revealing its yellow disc in the morning and concealing it again in the evening .
indeed , some plants were even named [as such] , for example , the ‘ day 's eye ’ ( daisy ) , so-called in allusion to its revealing its yellow disc in the morning and concealing it again in the evening .

His aim was to beat the weather and bowl them out again , which we did for 40 , thereby winning by an innings .
his aim was to beat the weather and bowl them out again , which we did for 40 , [as such] winning by an innings .

It has been said in defence of such publications that those who allow themselves to be depicted indecently are thereby ‘ waiving their own privacy rather than impeding or intruding upon that of others ’ .
it has been said in defence of such publications that those who allow themselves to be depicted indecently are [as such] ‘ waiving their own privacy rather than impeding or intruding upon that of others ’ .

In 1976 Norway held the first international conference on the effects of acidification , and a year later put forward the proposal to set up a convention to control emissions of sulphur dioxide and thereby reduce transboundary pollution .
in 1976 norway held the first international conference on the effects of acidification , and a year later put forward the proposal to set up a convention to control emissions of sulphur dioxide and [as such] reduce transboundary pollution .

The greater the attempt to cling , the less the container can respond , thereby providing confirmation of the insecurity which feels so painful .
the greater the attempt to cling , the less the container can respond , [as such] providing confirmation of the insecurity which feels so painful .

Inevitably , therefore , and despite the broad range of goals allocated to them , UDCs tend to stress property-led regeneration and thereby dilute wider urban policy goals .
inevitably , therefore , and despite the broad range of goals allocated to them , udcs tend to stress property-led regeneration and [as such] dilute wider urban policy goals .

Dundee himself was fatally wounded while leading the final victorious charge , thereby becoming a legend , one of 600 casualties among the Jacobites .
dundee himself was fatally wounded while leading the final victorious charge , [as such] becoming a legend , one of 600 casualties among the jacobites .

Cable news Network International , the 24-hour news service , last week became available on the Astra satellite as well as Intelsat , thereby expanding the service throughout Europe .
cable news network international , the 24-hour news service , last week became available on the astra satellite as well as intelsat , [as such] expanding the service throughout europe .

Micro Twist incorporates the ability to disable the link integrity test , thereby allowing older Starlan equipment to be integrated into the 10BaseT environment .
micro twist incorporates the ability to disable the link integrity test , [as such] allowing older starlan equipment to be integrated into the 10baset environment .

The existence of internal labour markets is sometimes used to explain labour ‘ hoarding ’ ( the practice of employing more labour than is actually required ) because firms do not wish to break the link between workers and the firm , thereby losing the skills acquired by workers over the years ; and is also put forward as a cause of a reduction in the overall level of competition in the aggregate labour market and , therefore , a possible reason for the inflexibility of wage rates , particularly in the downward direction .
the existence of internal labour markets is sometimes used to explain labour ‘ hoarding ’ ( the practice of employing more labour than is actually required ) because firms do not wish to break the link between workers and the firm , [as such] losing the skills acquired by workers over the years ; and is also put forward as a cause of a reduction in the overall level of competition in the aggregate labour market and , therefore , a possible reason for the inflexibility of wage rates , particularly in the downward direction .

However , the increased productivity of labour may help many firms to cut costs , enabling them to reduce prices and to expand their levels of output , thereby increasing their demands for all factor inputs , including labour .
however , the increased productivity of labour may help many firms to cut costs , enabling them to reduce prices and to expand their levels of output , [as such] increasing their demands for all factor inputs , including labour .

This rise in the rate of interest leads to a fall in investment spending , as shown in graph ( ii ) , which in turn causes the line to shift downwards thereby reducing the equilibrium rate of national income in the same way as in Possibility 1 above .
this rise in the rate of interest leads to a fall in investment spending , as shown in graph ( ii ) , which in turn causes the line to shift downwards [as such] reducing the equilibrium rate of national income in the same way as in possibility 1 above .

They use them as stamps or cutters with dough and clay , but in conception they were intended for sorting and matching and thereby to link in with games and toys .
they use them as stamps or cutters with dough and clay , but in conception they were intended for sorting and matching and [as such] to link in with games and toys .

The system of government in Britain gives the Central Government considerable ( though not unlimited ) powers of ensuring the passage of statutes through Parliament , and consequently thereby controlling local government .
the system of government in britain gives the central government considerable ( though not unlimited ) powers of ensuring the passage of statutes through parliament , and consequently [as such] controlling local government .

This course of action will avoid the possibility of the interest coming to light at a later stage causing the councillor to be the subject of criticism that his view of the public issue was thereby influenced .
this course of action will avoid the possibility of the interest coming to light at a later stage causing the councillor to be the subject of criticism that his view of the public issue was [as such] influenced .

The development of writing and the widespread circulation of books undermined the importance of memory , thereby destroying one of the most useful social functions provided by older people .
the development of writing and the widespread circulation of books undermined the importance of memory , [as such] destroying one of the most useful social functions provided by older people .

Unfortunately , through fixed ages for the receipt of pensions , these reforms also forcibly prevented older people being productive members of the society and thereby reduced their social status .
unfortunately , through fixed ages for the receipt of pensions , these reforms also forcibly prevented older people being productive members of the society and [as such] reduced their social status .

However , the 1986 Social Security Act froze the reduced earnings allowance ( previously called the special hardship allowance ) on retirement and offset it against earnings-related pension , thereby reducing the compensation for the impact of disablement on those over retirement age .
however , the 1986 social security act froze the reduced earnings allowance ( previously called the special hardship allowance ) on retirement and offset it against earnings-related pension , [as such] reducing the compensation for the impact of disablement on those over retirement age .

‘ In order to ensure the continuation of farming , thereby maintaining a minimum population level or conserving the countryside in certain less-favoured areas the list of which is … ’
‘ in order to ensure the continuation of farming , [as such] maintaining a minimum population level or conserving the countryside in certain less-favoured areas the list of which is … ’

Floristically rich ( and thereby often entomologically rich ) pastures and hay meadows , traditionally managed for many years , perhaps always since woodland clearance , can have their interest destroyed simply by one ploughing or by occasional applications of inorganic fertiliser .
floristically rich ( and [as such] often entomologically rich ) pastures and hay meadows , traditionally managed for many years , perhaps always since woodland clearance , can have their interest destroyed simply by one ploughing or by occasional applications of inorganic fertiliser .

Simultaneously , Lilley and Clarke announced a similar scheme to allow students to gain higher degrees while working on industrial research , thereby fostering an increased flow of people and technology between academia and industry .
simultaneously , lilley and clarke announced a similar scheme to allow students to gain higher degrees while working on industrial research , [as such] fostering an increased flow of people and technology between academia and industry .

Many microwave amplifiers and oscillators also rely on the interaction between free electrons and electromagnetic radiation , by using slow-wave structures and orbit modulation to match the velocity of the wave to that of the electron beam , thereby allowing energy transfer between them .
many microwave amplifiers and oscillators also rely on the interaction between free electrons and electromagnetic radiation , by using slow-wave structures and orbit modulation to match the velocity of the wave to that of the electron beam , [as such] allowing energy transfer between them .

Occupiers also raise the internal temperature , thereby increasing the stack effect .
occupiers also raise the internal temperature , [as such] increasing the stack effect .

The resultant prostaglandins may have a natriuretic or renal vasodilatory effect and thereby lower blood pressure ( Galli , 1980 ; Iacono et al , 1981 ) .
the resultant prostaglandins may have a natriuretic or renal vasodilatory effect and [as such] lower blood pressure ( galli , 1980 ; iacono et al , 1981 ) .

The eroded top of the Upper Cretaceous was covered by thick Tertiary ( Eocene ) basalts , and the Chalk was thereby metamorphosed from its usual porous form into non-porous crypto-crystalline limestone .
the eroded top of the upper cretaceous was covered by thick tertiary ( eocene ) basalts , and the chalk was [as such] metamorphosed from its usual porous form into non-porous crypto-crystalline limestone .

These fractures also provide the Stinkdolomit with an enhanced permeability thereby improving the potential productivity of the rocks .
these fractures also provide the stinkdolomit with an enhanced permeability [as such] improving the potential productivity of the rocks .

It might also encourage the emergence of suppliers for specific services and , thereby , competition .
it might also encourage the emergence of suppliers for specific services and , [as such] , competition .

This Act aims to make public and thereby to control the use of personal data held on all types of computerised equipment .
this act aims to make public and [as such] to control the use of personal data held on all types of computerised equipment .

2 Take the old till roll out carefully ( make sure it is not damaged , thereby losing valuable information ) .
2 take the old till roll out carefully ( make sure it is not damaged , [as such] losing valuable information ) .

Peter Burridge had captained Millwall to a 4th Division promotion in 1962 and had thereby brought himself very much to the attention of Palace 's astute managerial team of Arthur Rowe and Dick Graham , both as an inspirational skipper and as a regular scorer of important goals .
peter burridge had captained millwall to a 4th division promotion in 1962 and had [as such] brought himself very much to the attention of palace 's astute managerial team of arthur rowe and dick graham , both as an inspirational skipper and as a regular scorer of important goals .

… while it is a fact that presently desks are usually moveable , thereby permitting various kinds of grouping arrangements , this flexibility is not often required by what actually goes on in the classroom .
… while it is a fact that presently desks are usually moveable , [as such] permitting various kinds of grouping arrangements , this flexibility is not often required by what actually goes on in the classroom .

‘ The petitioners remark that ‘ the Royal Veterinary College of London is the private property of the subscribers thereto who may continue or close the same at their discretion ; that it is only from their desire to advance the veterinary art that they have allowed their institution to be employed as a College of instruction ; and that thereby the veterinary profession in this country owes even its existence to their establishment ’ .
‘ the petitioners remark that ‘ the royal veterinary college of london is the private property of the subscribers thereto who may continue or close the same at their discretion ; that it is only from their desire to advance the veterinary art that they have allowed their institution to be employed as a college of instruction ; and that [as such] the veterinary profession in this country owes even its existence to their establishment ’ .

The formative advantages of the record are considerable ; it provides an on-going record which can be used for evaluative purposes by student , teacher and parent , and thereby a basis for the consideration of future planning of learning and teaching .
the formative advantages of the record are considerable ; it provides an on-going record which can be used for evaluative purposes by student , teacher and parent , and [as such] a basis for the consideration of future planning of learning and teaching .

increasing pupil numbers attracting funds and thereby securing staff jobs .
increasing pupil numbers attracting funds and [as such] securing staff jobs .

Time limits are important and may well prevent a grievance from rumbling on , thereby causing ill feeling and low morale .
time limits are important and may well prevent a grievance from rumbling on , [as such] causing ill feeling and low morale .

Recent scientific research has shown that Equi-Strath , a herbal food preparation will help maintain the body 's immune defence system and thereby help maintain vitality and assist the performance of the working horse .
recent scientific research has shown that equi-strath , a herbal food preparation will help maintain the body 's immune defence system and [as such] help maintain vitality and assist the performance of the working horse .

When used on a daily basis , food digestion is greatly improved ensuring that essential dietary elements are assimilated by the horse in the most effective manner ; thereby helping maintain balanced growth .
when used on a daily basis , food digestion is greatly improved ensuring that essential dietary elements are assimilated by the horse in the most effective manner ; [as such] helping maintain balanced growth .

Yes it can , if close , humid weather curbs evaporation , allows the temperature of milk to rise , and thereby promotes bacterial production of lactic acid .
yes it can , if close , humid weather curbs evaporation , allows the temperature of milk to rise , and [as such] promotes bacterial production of lactic acid .

This new research shows that the loss also causes a decline in the lizard 's ability to dominate other lizards , leading to a loss of territory , feeding and breeding opportunities , thereby reducing its chances of survival .
this new research shows that the loss also causes a decline in the lizard 's ability to dominate other lizards , leading to a loss of territory , feeding and breeding opportunities , [as such] reducing its chances of survival .

By putting a little extra energy into contracting his extensor muscles on his way to impact , thereby stiffening his tendons , a runner can maximise his innate springiness .
by putting a little extra energy into contracting his extensor muscles on his way to impact , [as such] stiffening his tendons , a runner can maximise his innate springiness .

One species , perfectly good to eat , looks like another that is in some way nasty , and is assumed to derive some protection against predators thereby .
one species , perfectly good to eat , looks like another that is in some way nasty , and is assumed to derive some protection against predators [as such] .

Hen birds store sperm until the eggs need to be fertilised : the male 's behaviour ensured that this store was at least partially emptied before he inseminated the female , thereby giving himself a better chance to fertilise the eggs .
hen birds store sperm until the eggs need to be fertilised : the male 's behaviour ensured that this store was at least partially emptied before he inseminated the female , [as such] giving himself a better chance to fertilise the eggs .

His ideas are being applied in settings as diverse as a rich Dallas school ( one computer for every five pupils ) and an institution for the severely handicapped ( who use their turtles to thereby explore space in a way otherwise denied them ) .
his ideas are being applied in settings as diverse as a rich dallas school ( one computer for every five pupils ) and an institution for the severely handicapped ( who use their turtles to [as such] explore space in a way otherwise denied them ) .

Each side would like mutual disarmament , but will be deterred from making any move in that direction by the belief that the other side would cheat , and thereby gain an arms advantage .
each side would like mutual disarmament , but will be deterred from making any move in that direction by the belief that the other side would cheat , and [as such] gain an arms advantage .

The duration of totality at each observing site provides an important clue to the size of the Moon 's shadow on the Earth , and thereby to the size of the Sun at the time of the eclipse .
the duration of totality at each observing site provides an important clue to the size of the moon 's shadow on the earth , and [as such] to the size of the sun at the time of the eclipse .

But so many other factors also affect the climate that the only hope of detecting the solar ‘ signal ’ and thereby , ultimately , learning more about what makes the Sun tick — is to subtract out the other main influences From the historical record of changes in temperature in the northern hemisphere .
but so many other factors also affect the climate that the only hope of detecting the solar ‘ signal ’ and [as such] , ultimately , learning more about what makes the sun tick — is to subtract out the other main influences from the historical record of changes in temperature in the northern hemisphere .

People often used to claim that studying Latin developed the power of logical thought and the ability to solve problems , thereby equipping students to run countries .
people often used to claim that studying latin developed the power of logical thought and the ability to solve problems , [as such] equipping students to run countries .

At this first stage , it is essential not to go too fast , but by now most people have already done so ; they have already jumbled the cube and thereby discovered the basic mathematical problem : how do you get back to where you started ?
at this first stage , it is essential not to go too fast , but by now most people have already done so ; they have already jumbled the cube and [as such] discovered the basic mathematical problem : how do you get back to where you started ?

Scientists then take these unfinished , inexact hypotheses and present them to other scientists for the express purpose of seeing if the hypothesis will not in fact be shot full of holes , hoping almost that it will be so shot , because Knowledge and Truth are thereby served , if only negatively , in having one more tenuous , groping hypothesis about the nature of the world shown to be false .
scientists then take these unfinished , inexact hypotheses and present them to other scientists for the express purpose of seeing if the hypothesis will not in fact be shot full of holes , hoping almost that it will be so shot , because knowledge and truth are [as such] served , if only negatively , in having one more tenuous , groping hypothesis about the nature of the world shown to be false .

Ant colonies often entertain a variety of parasitic arthropods such as beetles and mites , and some that are merely commensal ; that is they merely co-habit with the ants , and thereby perhaps gain protection , or scavenge for scrap food , but do no obvious harm .
ant colonies often entertain a variety of parasitic arthropods such as beetles and mites , and some that are merely commensal ; that is they merely co-habit with the ants , and [as such] perhaps gain protection , or scavenge for scrap food , but do no obvious harm .

We saw Ede working on the building of a dam which would improve the water supply by 900 per cent and thereby reduce the hunger and disease that lakes a toll of half the children up to five , The other side of his work is to build up grass-roots organisations so the campesinos can protect their rights .
we saw ede working on the building of a dam which would improve the water supply by 900 per cent and [as such] reduce the hunger and disease that lakes a toll of half the children up to five , the other side of his work is to build up grass-roots organisations so the campesinos can protect their rights .

One of his earliest escapades there was to take his students to the Leaning Tower and drop weights from it , thereby disproving one of Aristotle 's dicta on motion .
one of his earliest escapades there was to take his students to the leaning tower and drop weights from it , [as such] disproving one of aristotle 's dicta on motion .

No one has attempted a census of the fauna , but there are many common birds and the vegetation must supply food for many insects , so it would be surprising if the insectivores and small rodents were not colonising , and thereby attracting predators .
no one has attempted a census of the fauna , but there are many common birds and the vegetation must supply food for many insects , so it would be surprising if the insectivores and small rodents were not colonising , and [as such] attracting predators .

This group has long been noted for its breadth of vision but nevertheless it took them some time to realise the unique advantages of the photosynthetic ‘ mechanisms ’ in plants and thereby to derive what may be an original approach to the problem .
this group has long been noted for its breadth of vision but nevertheless it took them some time to realise the unique advantages of the photosynthetic ‘ mechanisms ’ in plants and [as such] to derive what may be an original approach to the problem .

This causes the nodes to contract regularly , thereby propelling the lymph around the body .
this causes the nodes to contract regularly , [as such] propelling the lymph around the body .

Its tip can stay alive and grow for many days , thereby increasing its chances of meeting a host .
its tip can stay alive and grow for many days , [as such] increasing its chances of meeting a host .

Because the upper limits of resolution depend on the acoustic wavelength being used , the path researchers are following is to increase the sound frequency , thereby shortening the wavelength .
because the upper limits of resolution depend on the acoustic wavelength being used , the path researchers are following is to increase the sound frequency , [as such] shortening the wavelength .

Lymphocytes that enter the site could achieve this by competing with the invader , thereby lowering the level of nutrients and raising the level of the products of metabolism locally , for example making the environment more acid .
lymphocytes that enter the site could achieve this by competing with the invader , [as such] lowering the level of nutrients and raising the level of the products of metabolism locally , for example making the environment more acid .

One has low power requirements , thereby dissipating little heat , the other has high-density circuitry .
one has low power requirements , [as such] dissipating little heat , the other has high-density circuitry .

Pointless , that is , to all but Richter , who had thereby acquired substantial financial support and much publicity and local kudos .
pointless , that is , to all but richter , who had [as such] acquired substantial financial support and much publicity and local kudos .

If dull , cryptic animals live on after their reproductive phase is over they , by contrast , only serve to increase the population density of their kind and thereby increase the chances of a predator finding them , despite their camouflage .
if dull , cryptic animals live on after their reproductive phase is over they , by contrast , only serve to increase the population density of their kind and [as such] increase the chances of a predator finding them , despite their camouflage .

Those who have a commitment to the Christian faith are not thereby immune from depression .
those who have a commitment to the christian faith are not [as such] immune from depression .

Our association of dominant ideology with bureaucracy has tempted us to reserve our notions of way of life for our villagers , thereby reducing bureaucrats and other representatives of the wider world beyond the boundaries of community to automatons , ciphers in depersonalised processes which are unintentionally portrayed as existing merely to threaten the way of life of local communities .
our association of dominant ideology with bureaucracy has tempted us to reserve our notions of way of life for our villagers , [as such] reducing bureaucrats and other representatives of the wider world beyond the boundaries of community to automatons , ciphers in depersonalised processes which are unintentionally portrayed as existing merely to threaten the way of life of local communities .

Spatial boundaries may vary in their openness , the degree to which they permit outsiders to inspect the phenomenon in question , to find out what goes on and to gain thereby a knowledge of it and a competence in dealing with it .
spatial boundaries may vary in their openness , the degree to which they permit outsiders to inspect the phenomenon in question , to find out what goes on and to gain [as such] a knowledge of it and a competence in dealing with it .

It has survived with the tenacity of life itself , and thereby becomes the justification for the creation of a ‘ god-based ’ religion that would ultimately appeal to all people .
it has survived with the tenacity of life itself , and [as such] becomes the justification for the creation of a ‘ god-based ’ religion that would ultimately appeal to all people .

This would be nothing more than an admission of the truth as it actually is , and would thereby be an important refutation of ‘ god-given ’ rights .
this would be nothing more than an admission of the truth as it actually is , and would [as such] be an important refutation of ‘ god-given ’ rights .

If God can not be identified with man as a product of evolution , and thereby given a credible definition , then any effort to create a new and successful conception of God will founder on the same rocks of contention that have wrecked every religion that was ever believed in .
if god can not be identified with man as a product of evolution , and [as such] given a credible definition , then any effort to create a new and successful conception of god will founder on the same rocks of contention that have wrecked every religion that was ever believed in .

For it is the kind of work that these individuals carried on with the knowledge that they were seeking to improve life on earth , that set the example for the vast mass of the human race to follow and thereby perpetuate , albeit largely unknowingly , the strengthening and augmentation of the Created God .
for it is the kind of work that these individuals carried on with the knowledge that they were seeking to improve life on earth , that set the example for the vast mass of the human race to follow and [as such] perpetuate , albeit largely unknowingly , the strengthening and augmentation of the created god .

It thereby becomes inviolate until an equally vast majority decides otherwise .
it [as such] becomes inviolate until an equally vast majority decides otherwise .

It is useless for religious understanding to become the exclusive province of theologians and scholars and thereby create an academic enclave which excludes the mass of people whose business is other than theological studies .
it is useless for religious understanding to become the exclusive province of theologians and scholars and [as such] create an academic enclave which excludes the mass of people whose business is other than theological studies .

Alternatively the ‘ success ’ in ( 37 ) could have been the product of into him by evolution , thereby providing him with the power to bring about the desired result himself .
alternatively the ‘ success ’ in ( 37 ) could have been the product of into him by evolution , [as such] providing him with the power to bring about the desired result himself .

The Created God can supply the human need to have an agreed authority to supply the justification for the way in which people are allowed by their fellows to behave , and can thereby become a rationalised replacement for the ‘ Oracles ’ of old .
the created god can supply the human need to have an agreed authority to supply the justification for the way in which people are allowed by their fellows to behave , and can [as such] become a rationalised replacement for the ‘ oracles ’ of old .

In everyday life there are countless occasions on which people are confronted with the need to make a decision which , in its resolution , should be motivated by a healthy conscience and thereby result in a kindly , productive or generous act .
in everyday life there are countless occasions on which people are confronted with the need to make a decision which , in its resolution , should be motivated by a healthy conscience and [as such] result in a kindly , productive or generous act .

If the matter were investigated deeply enough it could well be established that the pressure required to civilise a human being , and thereby generate a conscience , increases enormously as the time from the birth to the start of the process lengthens .
if the matter were investigated deeply enough it could well be established that the pressure required to civilise a human being , and [as such] generate a conscience , increases enormously as the time from the birth to the start of the process lengthens .

It would also normally be advisable to have a term in the partnership deed which allows for disputes to be referred to arbitration , thereby avoiding the risks and costs of litigation .
it would also normally be advisable to have a term in the partnership deed which allows for disputes to be referred to arbitration , [as such] avoiding the risks and costs of litigation .

It is true , however , that taken as a whole , the 1947 Act created for the first time a comprehensive framework for planning and thereby laid the groundwork for a permanent and highly significant change in the public attitude to private property and its use and development .
it is true , however , that taken as a whole , the 1947 act created for the first time a comprehensive framework for planning and [as such] laid the groundwork for a permanent and highly significant change in the public attitude to private property and its use and development .

Moreover , there seems to be an element of moral righteousness in Bukharin 's attitude , in so far as he sought to clothe what could be considered necessary violence with an aura of positive good , thereby turning necessity into a virtue .
moreover , there seems to be an element of moral righteousness in bukharin 's attitude , in so far as he sought to clothe what could be considered necessary violence with an aura of positive good , [as such] turning necessity into a virtue .

Throw that away ‘ abstract yourself from it and you thereby abstract yourself both from the plan and from the development of the spontaneous into cognised laws , and from the development of political economy into a science … Comrade Preobrazhensky , however , contrives to perform such a conjuring trick : he categorically insists on the ‘ plan ’ and other good things , and at the same time even more categorically insists on abstracting from the functions of state power in the sphere of the economy .
throw that away ‘ abstract yourself from it and you [as such] abstract yourself both from the plan and from the development of the spontaneous into cognised laws , and from the development of political economy into a science … comrade preobrazhensky , however , contrives to perform such a conjuring trick : he categorically insists on the ‘ plan ’ and other good things , and at the same time even more categorically insists on abstracting from the functions of state power in the sphere of the economy .

Bukharin pointed out that many features that characterise Primitive accumulation carry on into the history of capitalism itself , yet they do not thereby mean that capitalism is forever stuck in that particular stage of development .
bukharin pointed out that many features that characterise primitive accumulation carry on into the history of capitalism itself , yet they do not [as such] mean that capitalism is forever stuck in that particular stage of development .

Bukharin was making clear the distinction between the period when means of production were gathered into the hands of certain groups , who then used them as capital and thereby began the process of the accumulation of capital , and reproduction o f capitalist relations of production .
bukharin was making clear the distinction between the period when means of production were gathered into the hands of certain groups , who then used them as capital and [as such] began the process of the accumulation of capital , and reproduction o f capitalist relations of production .

Marx did not thereby characterise this as being primitive accumulation on the part of British capital , but rather as period of development of capital on the basis of the capitalist mode of production , even though this entailed the destruction of pre-capitalist forms .
marx did not [as such] characterise this as being primitive accumulation on the part of british capital , but rather as period of development of capital on the basis of the capitalist mode of production , even though this entailed the destruction of pre-capitalist forms .

But the fact that an error can be explained , even an unavoidable error , does not mean that it thereby ceases to be an error .
but the fact that an error can be explained , even an unavoidable error , does not mean that it [as such] ceases to be an error .

In this last , especially , she is a Knox herself , hiding ( but thereby evoking ) the depth of pain in this gifted , driven family .
in this last , especially , she is a knox herself , hiding ( but [as such] evoking ) the depth of pain in this gifted , driven family .

Around the time of the renovations , there was some discussion on handing the school over to the state , but the management committee , headed by the rector , the Rev. Henry Moody , concluded : ‘ The time has not yet come … for the surrender of these schools and the forfeiting thereby of the gifts and labours of our forefathers . ’
around the time of the renovations , there was some discussion on handing the school over to the state , but the management committee , headed by the rector , the rev. henry moody , concluded : ‘ the time has not yet come … for the surrender of these schools and the forfeiting [as such] of the gifts and labours of our forefathers . ’

Were his readers meant to conclude that the corrupt strategy of the Somali policeman was quite acceptable because he thereby produced the ‘ correct ’ election result ?
were his readers meant to conclude that the corrupt strategy of the somali policeman was quite acceptable because he [as such] produced the ‘ correct ’ election result ?

Confident of winning the ball , Hove brought their full-back into the line , thereby giving them the overlap , but their rather mediocre handling and some excellent shadowing by Godwin prevented them from capitalising on this for much of the half .
confident of winning the ball , hove brought their full-back into the line , [as such] giving them the overlap , but their rather mediocre handling and some excellent shadowing by godwin prevented them from capitalising on this for much of the half .

He also encounters his arch enemy Professor Moriarty in a mystery which involves a kidnapped child and returning stolen gold to the world exchange , thereby preventing an economic crisis and a world war .
he also encounters his arch enemy professor moriarty in a mystery which involves a kidnapped child and returning stolen gold to the world exchange , [as such] preventing an economic crisis and a world war .

‘ The purpose of the administration order is to allow the company an opportunity of finding an investor or partner thereby allowing it to survive , ’ said Jason Elles .
‘ the purpose of the administration order is to allow the company an opportunity of finding an investor or partner [as such] allowing it to survive , ’ said jason elles .

There are so few places to paddle that those with agreements become inundated with canoeists , thereby exasperating the problem .
there are so few places to paddle that those with agreements become inundated with canoeists , [as such] exasperating the problem .

The personal scent trail which it thereby leaves provides an easily identifiable highway home .
the personal scent trail which it [as such] leaves provides an easily identifiable highway home .

Before people could generally read , learning was by word of mouth and much took place in the countryside along the paths , particular truths being imparted at certain places , which thereby took on special significance .
before people could generally read , learning was by word of mouth and much took place in the countryside along the paths , particular truths being imparted at certain places , which [as such] took on special significance .

All those who visit springs on the chalk are thereby linked with others doing the same .
all those who visit springs on the chalk are [as such] linked with others doing the same .

Scott Cunningham has developed the practice of magical aromatherapy , where he uses these natural aromas for effects such as stimulation of the mind , protection , purification and psychic awareness , thereby attaining what might be called magical states of consciousness .
scott cunningham has developed the practice of magical aromatherapy , where he uses these natural aromas for effects such as stimulation of the mind , protection , purification and psychic awareness , [as such] attaining what might be called magical states of consciousness .

With its fretted neck and comparatively loose stringing , the bass ( or lyra ) viol is uniquely suited to playing a melodic line and chords almost simultaneously , thereby supplying constant harmonic interest .
with its fretted neck and comparatively loose stringing , the bass ( or lyra ) viol is uniquely suited to playing a melodic line and chords almost simultaneously , [as such] supplying constant harmonic interest .

The second problem is that even if we are able to provide functionality with replacement materials , we have to place them within , and thereby create an interface with , the tissues of the body which are extremely aggressive to any invading agent but which are also exquisitely sensitive to their presence .
the second problem is that even if we are able to provide functionality with replacement materials , we have to place them within , and [as such] create an interface with , the tissues of the body which are extremely aggressive to any invading agent but which are also exquisitely sensitive to their presence .

New drug delivery systems could make use of the interactive facility of the ocular glycoproteins and the corneal surface to prolong the retention of , and thereby the bioavailability of , drugs .
new drug delivery systems could make use of the interactive facility of the ocular glycoproteins and the corneal surface to prolong the retention of , and [as such] the bioavailability of , drugs .

The Library Association sought to clarify the matter and thereby safeguard the librarians ' position , and sponsored an amendment which was put forward by Lord Peston in the House of Lords .
the library association sought to clarify the matter and [as such] safeguard the librarians ' position , and sponsored an amendment which was put forward by lord peston in the house of lords .

The stores were overrun with rats and mice and the cats came to feast on these rodent pests , thereby endearing themselves to the Egyptian people .
the stores were overrun with rats and mice and the cats came to feast on these rodent pests , [as such] endearing themselves to the egyptian people .

The learner will thereby gain a much greater understanding of the patient .
the learner will [as such] gain a much greater understanding of the patient .

Intermittent use of the projector gives a change of teaching mode , thereby aiding and maintaining the interest of the class .
intermittent use of the projector gives a change of teaching mode , [as such] aiding and maintaining the interest of the class .

The teacher can face the class at all times , thereby alleviating the tendency to talk to the board .
the teacher can face the class at all times , [as such] alleviating the tendency to talk to the board .

After a common two years , some students undertake industrial or professional placement in their third year , thereby gaining an awareness of current professional practices and emerging industrial and commercial developments .
after a common two years , some students undertake industrial or professional placement in their third year , [as such] gaining an awareness of current professional practices and emerging industrial and commercial developments .

After a common two years , some students undertake industrial or professional placement in their third year , thereby gaining an awareness of current professional practices and emerging industrial and commercial developments .
after a common two years , some students undertake industrial or professional placement in their third year , [as such] gaining an awareness of current professional practices and emerging industrial and commercial developments .

After a common two years , some students undertake industrial or professional placement in their third year , thereby gaining an awareness of the artist in a community and industrial context .
after a common two years , some students undertake industrial or professional placement in their third year , [as such] gaining an awareness of the artist in a community and industrial context .

After a common two years , some students undertake industrial or professional placement in their third year , thereby gaining an awareness of current professional practice and emerging industrial and commercial developments .
after a common two years , some students undertake industrial or professional placement in their third year , [as such] gaining an awareness of current professional practice and emerging industrial and commercial developments .

After a common two years , some students undertake industrial or professional placement in their third year , thereby gaining an awareness of current professional practices and emerging industrial and commercial developments .
after a common two years , some students undertake industrial or professional placement in their third year , [as such] gaining an awareness of current professional practices and emerging industrial and commercial developments .

He had stepped into the steam room to be met by a blast of hissing scalding fog which caused him to breath in sharply , thereby promptly burning his nose .
he had stepped into the steam room to be met by a blast of hissing scalding fog which caused him to breath in sharply , [as such] promptly burning his nose .

It is possible to re-use the tape , thereby making updating less expensive .
it is possible to re-use the tape , [as such] making updating less expensive .

In order to demonstrate online information retrieval , it is necessary to be able to show moving images generated in the computer search , thereby creating a feeling of reality .
in order to demonstrate online information retrieval , it is necessary to be able to show moving images generated in the computer search , [as such] creating a feeling of reality .

This distinction is partly based on the timing of the evaluation , and partly on the purpose for which it is intended : formative evaluation is carried out during the development of a course or programme and provides direct feedback about the functioning of the different parts of the programme , thereby giving information which can be used to modify the educational process .
this distinction is partly based on the timing of the evaluation , and partly on the purpose for which it is intended : formative evaluation is carried out during the development of a course or programme and provides direct feedback about the functioning of the different parts of the programme , [as such] giving information which can be used to modify the educational process .

They are artificial and do not adequately measure the students ' ability to use the complex information tools available and thereby gain the information that would be of use for their studies .
they are artificial and do not adequately measure the students ' ability to use the complex information tools available and [as such] gain the information that would be of use for their studies .

The programme was evaluated in a number of different ways , in order to produce a triangulation effect and thereby obtain as full a picture as possible of the functioning of the courses .
the programme was evaluated in a number of different ways , in order to produce a triangulation effect and [as such] obtain as full a picture as possible of the functioning of the courses .

If the therapist had approached the problem in this way she may well have avoided alienating herself from both the patient and her parents and thereby becoming largely ineffective .
if the therapist had approached the problem in this way she may well have avoided alienating herself from both the patient and her parents and [as such] becoming largely ineffective .

Apart from providing an opportunity for observing and talking to the patient , and thereby learning more about his problems and mental state , this initial period also has other purposes .
apart from providing an opportunity for observing and talking to the patient , and [as such] learning more about his problems and mental state , this initial period also has other purposes .

He may feel that his doctor has prematurely terminated his assessment of his problems , thereby increasing his sense of helplessness and discouraging further discussion with the doctor .
he may feel that his doctor has prematurely terminated his assessment of his problems , [as such] increasing his sense of helplessness and discouraging further discussion with the doctor .

Classic functionalist theory points to the function of crime for society , and suggests that crime is universal , normal and functional to society ; criminal behaviour helps to sustain conformity and stability and is thereby functional .
classic functionalist theory points to the function of crime for society , and suggests that crime is universal , normal and functional to society ; criminal behaviour helps to sustain conformity and stability and is [as such] functional .

In contrast , the South 's population is expected to double before 2025 , thereby increasing its share of the world total from around 75 per cent in 1980 to nearly 85 per cent in 2025 .
in contrast , the south 's population is expected to double before 2025 , [as such] increasing its share of the world total from around 75 per cent in 1980 to nearly 85 per cent in 2025 .

It might be thought that a larger population would create a larger labour force and market , thereby increasing the level of economic welfare in LDCs ; however , it is essential for other resources ( land , capital and enterprise ) to be available also to generate income and wealth through productive enterprise .
it might be thought that a larger population would create a larger labour force and market , [as such] increasing the level of economic welfare in ldcs ; however , it is essential for other resources ( land , capital and enterprise ) to be available also to generate income and wealth through productive enterprise .

Some have suffered from high inflation rates and political coups which have undermined the population 's confidence in domestic currencies and thereby encouraged investment in non-productive gold coins or jewellery .
some have suffered from high inflation rates and political coups which have undermined the population 's confidence in domestic currencies and [as such] encouraged investment in non-productive gold coins or jewellery .

government ownership of industrial corporations , which do tend to be wasteful and inefficient , thereby resulting in a mis-use of scarce economic resources .
government ownership of industrial corporations , which do tend to be wasteful and inefficient , [as such] resulting in a mis-use of scarce economic resources .

In Europe a number of countries participate in the European Monetary System which attempts to stabilise exchange rates and thereby facilitate trade and investment flows between trading partners .
in europe a number of countries participate in the european monetary system which attempts to stabilise exchange rates and [as such] facilitate trade and investment flows between trading partners .

These various economic indicators ( past , present and projected into the future ) are used in country risk assessment and thereby aid banks in their loan management .
these various economic indicators ( past , present and projected into the future ) are used in country risk assessment and [as such] aid banks in their loan management .

Instead , the bank assumes that such schemes will boost overall economic growth and exports , thereby providing the necessary foreign currency receipts .
instead , the bank assumes that such schemes will boost overall economic growth and exports , [as such] providing the necessary foreign currency receipts .

Alternatively , planners may have a high potential demand for these services , and are therefore concerned to make them easier to use and thereby to expand their use .
alternatively , planners may have a high potential demand for these services , and are therefore concerned to make them easier to use and [as such] to expand their use .

It is inevitable that they are attended by those whose prime motive appears to be to register their attendance and thereby retain their name on the roll .
it is inevitable that they are attended by those whose prime motive appears to be to register their attendance and [as such] retain their name on the roll .

Nature allows some persons to pass through all the successive levels of biological growth and thereby attain their biological needs .
nature allows some persons to pass through all the successive levels of biological growth and [as such] attain their biological needs .

The body functions with this relatively small volume of blood by controlling the muscle tissue in the walls of the small arteries ( arterioles ) , thereby narrowing ( vasoconstricting ) or widening ( vasodilating ) the lumen .
the body functions with this relatively small volume of blood by controlling the muscle tissue in the walls of the small arteries ( arterioles ) , [as such] narrowing ( vasoconstricting ) or widening ( vasodilating ) the lumen .

Yet another type of vocabulary can have difference in meaning for patient and nurse and thereby give rise to difficulties — words describing parts of the body , though having a particular anatomical reference , do not necessarily have that reference for lay people , even intelligent lay people .
yet another type of vocabulary can have difference in meaning for patient and nurse and [as such] give rise to difficulties — words describing parts of the body , though having a particular anatomical reference , do not necessarily have that reference for lay people , even intelligent lay people .

The “ correct methods ” advocated in these books vary widely , with many addressing discipline and communication , thereby catering to rising numbers of parents with undercontrolled , apathetic , non-goal-directed children .
the “ correct methods ” advocated in these books vary widely , with many addressing discipline and communication , [as such] catering to rising numbers of parents with undercontrolled , apathetic , non-goal-directed children .

Excessive stimulation also causes them to withdraw as they try to shield themselves from a stimulus deluge , thereby creating conditions that , paradoxically , are much like stimulus deprivation ! 61 These ﬁndings help us understand , from a brain-development perspective , the detrimental impact of excessive adult tutoring on young children , described earlier in this chapter .
excessive stimulation also causes them to withdraw as they try to shield themselves from a stimulus deluge , [as such] creating conditions that , paradoxically , are much like stimulus deprivation ! 61 these ﬁndings help us understand , from a brain-development perspective , the detrimental impact of excessive adult tutoring on young children , described earlier in this chapter .

In scaolding , the adult encourages the child to grapple with questions and problems and , thereby , to contribute signiﬁcantly to the dialogue .
in scaolding , the adult encourages the child to grapple with questions and problems and , [as such] , to contribute signiﬁcantly to the dialogue .

The telling of the narrative also invited reconstruction of what might have occurred between the daughter and her ﬁancé , thereby placing the event in a wider context of possibilities .
the telling of the narrative also invited reconstruction of what might have occurred between the daughter and her ﬁancé , [as such] placing the event in a wider context of possibilities .

When parents do make an eort , preschoolers watch less TV , ﬁnd educational programs more appealing , and more often view shows with their parents.118 Parent–child co-viewing creates conditions in which adults can raise questions about the realism of televised information , assist children in making sense of the story line , and express disapproval of negative on-screen behavior and commercial messages , thereby teaching children to evaluate TV content rather than to accept it uncritically .
when parents do make an eort , preschoolers watch less tv , ﬁnd educational programs more appealing , and more often view shows with their parents.118 parent–child co-viewing creates conditions in which adults can raise questions about the realism of televised information , assist children in making sense of the story line , and express disapproval of negative on-screen behavior and commercial messages , [as such] teaching children to evaluate tv content rather than to accept it uncritically .

These are the key experiences of childhood , through which children appropriate mental tools from more capable and discerning social partners , become enculturated and , thereby , human—intelligent , responsible , and caring .
these are the key experiences of childhood , through which children appropriate mental tools from more capable and discerning social partners , become enculturated and , [as such] , human—intelligent , responsible , and caring .

The widespread belief , originating with Freud , that play is pleasurable wish fulﬁllment characterizes certain playful pursuits—for example , acting out high-status roles , such as doctor , parent , or teacher , and thereby exercising authority over others instead of being directed and controlled .
the widespread belief , originating with freud , that play is pleasurable wish fulﬁllment characterizes certain playful pursuits—for example , acting out high-status roles , such as doctor , parent , or teacher , and [as such] exercising authority over others instead of being directed and controlled .

She learns that you can consider possibilities and choose among them , thereby controlling eventual outcomes .
she learns that you can consider possibilities and choose among them , [as such] controlling eventual outcomes .

The capacity to adopt a “ theoretical ” mode of reasoning in make-believe is highly consistent with Vygotsky ’ s belief that pretending assists children in separating mental symbols from the objects and actions for which they stand , thereby permitting them to manipulate meanings in innovative ways .
the capacity to adopt a “ theoretical ” mode of reasoning in make-believe is highly consistent with vygotsky ’ s belief that pretending assists children in separating mental symbols from the objects and actions for which they stand , [as such] permitting them to manipulate meanings in innovative ways .

They also demonstrate many pretend actions toward objects , thereby showing children how to use one object to represent another.59 Around age 2 , mothers begin to talk about nonexistent fantasy objects .
they also demonstrate many pretend actions toward objects , [as such] showing children how to use one object to represent another.59 around age 2 , mothers begin to talk about nonexistent fantasy objects .

As shown in later chapters , manufacturers that invest in advanced information technologies and use them to change their methods of planning and production can significantly reduce the amount of inventory they hold , thereby reducing the need to mark down or write off unsold products at the end of a season .
as shown in later chapters , manufacturers that invest in advanced information technologies and use them to change their methods of planning and production can significantly reduce the amount of inventory they hold , [as such] reducing the need to mark down or write off unsold products at the end of a season .

Product proliferation and shorter product cycles , reflected in ever-changing styles and product differentiation , contribute to general demand uncertainty for both retailers and manufacturers , thereby making demand forecasting and production planning harder every day .
product proliferation and shorter product cycles , reflected in ever-changing styles and product differentiation , contribute to general demand uncertainty for both retailers and manufacturers , [as such] making demand forecasting and production planning harder every day .

The second case study demonstrates how short-cycle production translates into inventory reduction for a manufacturer , thereby radically reducing the increased exposure to inventory risk a manufacturer would otherwise face to meet lean retailers ’ demands .
the second case study demonstrates how short-cycle production translates into inventory reduction for a manufacturer , [as such] radically reducing the increased exposure to inventory risk a manufacturer would otherwise face to meet lean retailers ’ demands .

The same argument can be used to explain why growing product variety has increased demand variation at the SKU level : As variety grows , demand is distributed among an increasing number of SKUs , thereby reducing the pooling effects of demand aggregation .
the same argument can be used to explain why growing product variety has increased demand variation at the sku level : as variety grows , demand is distributed among an increasing number of skus , [as such] reducing the pooling effects of demand aggregation .

Such a policy rarely maximizes profits ; the manufacturer stocks out , thereby losing the margin on the sale , and the retailer , which typically desires a consistent ( or at least predictable ) order-fill rate across items in a product group , is unhappy .
such a policy rarely maximizes profits ; the manufacturer stocks out , [as such] losing the margin on the sale , and the retailer , which typically desires a consistent ( or at least predictable ) order-fill rate across items in a product group , is unhappy .

As a result , demand forecast uncertainty has grown substantially , thereby increasing the level of inventory that must be held to meet customer service requirements .
as a result , demand forecast uncertainty has grown substantially , [as such] increasing the level of inventory that must be held to meet customer service requirements .

The customer may leave the store because a desired item was not in stock , thereby not purchasing anything else ; that means the stock-out cost would equal the margin on all the products the customer would have otherwise purchased .
the customer may leave the store because a desired item was not in stock , [as such] not purchasing anything else ; that means the stock-out cost would equal the margin on all the products the customer would have otherwise purchased .

This order would be combined with other replenishment orders for Levi jeans destined for the same store , thereby reducing shipping costs .
this order would be combined with other replenishment orders for levi jeans destined for the same store , [as such] reducing shipping costs .

They can hold finished products in inventory , thereby reducing their processing requirements during the replenishment lead time to picking , packing , and shipping the order .
they can hold finished products in inventory , [as such] reducing their processing requirements during the replenishment lead time to picking , packing , and shipping the order .

A tension exists between its desire to provide customers with a changing variety of apparel fashions and the need to increase its capacity to replenish a higher percentage of products , thereby taking advantage of its expertise in logistics.38 Increasingly , a department store must be successful at both pursuits .
a tension exists between its desire to provide customers with a changing variety of apparel fashions and the need to increase its capacity to replenish a higher percentage of products , [as such] taking advantage of its expertise in logistics.38 increasingly , a department store must be successful at both pursuits .

Schoolchildren routinely recite them and thereby imbibe the intuition that these words defined America after the Civil War .
schoolchildren routinely recite them and [as such] imbibe the intuition that these words defined america after the civil war .

The Court was willing to accept the label of “ monopoly ” but denied “ the assertion that the butchers are [ thereby ] deprived of the right to labor in their occupation . ”
the court was willing to accept the label of “ monopoly ” but denied “ the assertion that the butchers are [ [as such] ] deprived of the right to labor in their occupation . ”

They meant to set up a standard maxim for a free society , which should be familiar to all , and revered by all , constantly looked to , constantly labored for , and even though never perfectly attained , constantly approximated , and thereby constantly spreading and deepening its influence .
they meant to set up a standard maxim for a free society , which should be familiar to all , and revered by all , constantly looked to , constantly labored for , and even though never perfectly attained , constantly approximated , and [as such] constantly spreading and deepening its influence .

We know the human genome harbors some 80,000 to 100,000 “ structural genes , ” each encoding the RNA that , after being transcribed from the DNA , is translated according to the genetic code to a linear sequence of amino acids , thereby constituting a protein .
we know the human genome harbors some 80,000 to 100,000 “ structural genes , ” each encoding the rna that , after being transcribed from the dna , is translated according to the genetic code to a linear sequence of amino acids , [as such] constituting a protein .

The deformed molecule is called the “ transition state. ” According to transition state theory , an enzyme works by binding to and stabilizing the transition state molecule , thereby lowering the potential barrier of the reaction .
the deformed molecule is called the “ transition state. ” according to transition state theory , an enzyme works by binding to and stabilizing the transition state molecule , [as such] lowering the potential barrier of the reaction .

It does not seem totally implausible that cells persistently abide in both the quantum and classical realms , in which the persistently propagating superposition of amplitudes for alternative molecular motions decohere on very rapid timescales and thereby help choose the now classical microstates of proteins and their motions as those proteins couple their coordinated dance with one another to carry out the alternative behaviors that guide a cell in its next set of actions , its adjacent possible .
it does not seem totally implausible that cells persistently abide in both the quantum and classical realms , in which the persistently propagating superposition of amplitudes for alternative molecular motions decohere on very rapid timescales and [as such] help choose the now classical microstates of proteins and their motions as those proteins couple their coordinated dance with one another to carry out the alternative behaviors that guide a cell in its next set of actions , its adjacent possible .

I ask , thereby , whether the biosphere is supracritical .
i ask , [as such] , whether the biosphere is supracritical .

Simple models show that the ratio of black and white daisies can evolve to maximize their joint fitness , thereby tuning the energy per unit volume of the biosphere .
simple models show that the ratio of black and white daisies can evolve to maximize their joint fitness , [as such] tuning the energy per unit volume of the biosphere .

Parting , we leave mass on the moon and thereby change the orbital dynamics of the solar system and beyond .
parting , we leave mass on the moon and [as such] change the orbital dynamics of the solar system and beyond .

Thereby , the symmetry of the system prior to falling has been broken .
[as such] , the symmetry of the system prior to falling has been broken .

Gertrude did fly , and thereby the capacity of her folds of skin to function as wings were selected .
gertrude did fly , and [as such] the capacity of her folds of skin to function as wings were selected .

Thereby , my PC worked on the table , and couldn ’ t be knocked oV easily .
[as such] , my pc worked on the table , and couldn ’ t be knocked ov easily .

In quantum mechanics , one talks of specifying the classical conditions of the experiment , and thereby the configuration space of the quantum system , preparing an initial state , and using Schrödinger ’ s equation to propagate amplitudes for the entire future evolution in the configuration space for all conceivable observables .
in quantum mechanics , one talks of specifying the classical conditions of the experiment , and [as such] the configuration space of the quantum system , preparing an initial state , and using schrödinger ’ s equation to propagate amplitudes for the entire future evolution in the configuration space for all conceivable observables .

We have thereby tuned the statistical structure of our problem space into a survivable regime .
we have [as such] tuned the statistical structure of our problem space into a survivable regime .

Law .Communities of autonomous agents will evolve to the dynamical “ edge of chaos ” within and between members of the community , thereby simultaneously achieving an optimal coarse graining of each agent ’ s world that maximizes the capacity of each agent to discriminate and act without trembling hands .
law .communities of autonomous agents will evolve to the dynamical “ edge of chaos ” within and between members of the community , [as such] simultaneously achieving an optimal coarse graining of each agent ’ s world that maximizes the capacity of each agent to discriminate and act without trembling hands .

Thereby we can characterize the ordered , chaotic , and edge-of-chaos regimes .
[as such] we can characterize the ordered , chaotic , and edge-of-chaos regimes .

My argument follows that if the community is supracritical , the novel cascading molecular species will kill o some of the microbial species , thereby lowering the community toward the subcritical regime .
my argument follows that if the community is supracritical , the novel cascading molecular species will kill o some of the microbial species , [as such] lowering the community toward the subcritical regime .

In chapter I will discuss a quantum analogue to such a theory , in which complex quantum systems that couple tend to “ decohere ” irreversibly to classical behavior and thereby progressively build up complex classical structures .
in chapter i will discuss a quantum analogue to such a theory , in which complex quantum systems that couple tend to “ decohere ” irreversibly to classical behavior and [as such] progressively build up complex classical structures .

When the water from the bucket arrives at the bottom of the water pipe , it pushes against a flap valve , thereby opening the valve and watering my bean field .
when the water from the bucket arrives at the bottom of the water pipe , it pushes against a flap valve , [as such] opening the valve and watering my bean field .

Thus , the product D may itself diuse to a transmembrane channel and bind to the channel , giving up some energy stored in its structure by an internal rotation to a lower energy state , and thereby both bind the channel and add energy to the channel to open the channel such that calcium ions can enter the cell .
thus , the product d may itself diuse to a transmembrane channel and bind to the channel , giving up some energy stored in its structure by an internal rotation to a lower energy state , and [as such] both bind the channel and add energy to the channel to open the channel such that calcium ions can enter the cell .

You then let go of the red handle and allow the working gas in the cylinder to expand , thereby pushing the piston downward away from the head of the cylinder , in the first part of the power stroke of the Carnot engine .
you then let go of the red handle and allow the working gas in the cylinder to expand , [as such] pushing the piston downward away from the head of the cylinder , in the first part of the power stroke of the carnot engine .

You push on the handle , pushing the piston upward in the cylinder , thereby compressing the working gas .
you push on the handle , pushing the piston upward in the cylinder , [as such] compressing the working gas .

My purpose in invoking the exergonic conversion of PP to P + P is to utilize the loss of free energy in this exergonic reaction to drive the DNA trimer-hexamer reaction beyond its own equilibrium , leading thereby to an excess synthesis of the 3 ’ CCCGGG5 ’ hexamer when compared to its equilibrium concentration .
my purpose in invoking the exergonic conversion of pp to p + p is to utilize the loss of free energy in this exergonic reaction to drive the dna trimer-hexamer reaction beyond its own equilibrium , leading [as such] to an excess synthesis of the 3 ’ cccggg5 ’ hexamer when compared to its equilibrium concentration .

The first is the “ Copenhagen interpretation , ” which speaks of the “ measurement event , ” when the quantum object interacts with a macroscopic classical object , the measuring device , and a single one of the propagating possibilities becomes actual in the measurement event , thereby “ collapsing ” the wave function .
the first is the “ copenhagen interpretation , ” which speaks of the “ measurement event , ” when the quantum object interacts with a macroscopic classical object , the measuring device , and a single one of the propagating possibilities becomes actual in the measurement event , [as such] “ collapsing ” the wave function .

Decoherence , then , aords a way that phase information can be lost , thereby collapsing the wave function in a nonmysterious fashion .
decoherence , then , aords a way that phase information can be lost , [as such] collapsing the wave function in a nonmysterious fashion .

More , it begins to seem imperative to consider the specific possible pairs of quantum systems that can couple and decohere , for only thereby can such pairs become classical via decoherence .
more , it begins to seem imperative to consider the specific possible pairs of quantum systems that can couple and decohere , for only [as such] can such pairs become classical via decoherence .

Imagine a sum of histories from an initial gamma- tetrahedron in a mandala with some given fundamental amplitude laws ( thereby the initial and boundary conditions are specified ) , where the pathways in that set of histories pass up and down the stack of mandalas such that the fundamental amplitude laws change , as does the spin network , and then consider the bundle of all such histories that end on a given spin network in a given gamma ring with given , perhaps new , fundamental amplitude laws .
imagine a sum of histories from an initial gamma- tetrahedron in a mandala with some given fundamental amplitude laws ( [as such] the initial and boundary conditions are specified ) , where the pathways in that set of histories pass up and down the stack of mandalas such that the fundamental amplitude laws change , as does the spin network , and then consider the bundle of all such histories that end on a given spin network in a given gamma ring with given , perhaps new , fundamental amplitude laws .

The military support never came , and as his troops fled the city after quashing the insurgency , Hitler ordered them to raze Warsaw building-by-building and thereby annihilate important monuments of Polish culture .
the military support never came , and as his troops fled the city after quashing the insurgency , hitler ordered them to raze warsaw building-by-building and [as such] annihilate important monuments of polish culture .

The fee increase is `` an important step that will give lawyers and judges an opportunity to fully recover from substance abuse and mental illness so that they can perform their jobs to the best of their ability , thereby assisting the citizens of Illinois , '' Sheila M. Murphy , a former Cook County Circuit Court judge who is LAP 's president , said in the release .
the fee increase is `` an important step that will give lawyers and judges an opportunity to fully recover from substance abuse and mental illness so that they can perform their jobs to the best of their ability , [as such] assisting the citizens of illinois , '' sheila m. murphy , a former cook county circuit court judge who is lap 's president , said in the release .

Studies suggest that physicians can opportunistically capitalize on the motivating effects of acute injuries or medical conditions that require emergency care to convince patients of the need for behavior change.2 This process may identify patients who have not yet developed severe dependence , thereby pre-venting the development of more intractable stages of alcoholism .
studies suggest that physicians can opportunistically capitalize on the motivating effects of acute injuries or medical conditions that require emergency care to convince patients of the need for behavior change.2 this process may identify patients who have not yet developed severe dependence , [as such] pre-venting the development of more intractable stages of alcoholism .

A term appointment would provide continuity that spans the tenure of the political leadership and thereby help to ensure that long-term stewardship issues are addressed and change management initiatives are successfully completed .
a term appointment would provide continuity that spans the tenure of the political leadership and [as such] help to ensure that long-term stewardship issues are addressed and change management initiatives are successfully completed .

These expectations for senior executives will be critical to keep agencies focused on transforming their cultures to be more results oriented , less hierarchical , and more integrated , and thereby be better positioned to respond to emerging internal and external challenges , improve their performance , and assure their accountability .
these expectations for senior executives will be critical to keep agencies focused on transforming their cultures to be more results oriented , less hierarchical , and more integrated , and [as such] be better positioned to respond to emerging internal and external challenges , improve their performance , and assure their accountability .

Implemented together , these measures provide a basis for improving accountability over government operations and routinely producing sound cost and operating performance information , thereby making it possible to better assess and improve the government 's financial condition and operating performance .
implemented together , these measures provide a basis for improving accountability over government operations and routinely producing sound cost and operating performance information , [as such] making it possible to better assess and improve the government 's financial condition and operating performance .

Although not required by the act , the state Comptroller had each state agency also produce audited financial statements , thereby ensuring accountability at every level of government rather than solely at those levels considered material to CAFR .
although not required by the act , the state comptroller had each state agency also produce audited financial statements , [as such] ensuring accountability at every level of government rather than solely at those levels considered material to cafr .

Pfizer 's CFO , on the other hand , saw an opportunity to do things more effectively and efficiently and thereby redeploy resources from transactional activities ( e.g. , closing the books , preparing tax returns , paying invoices ) to value added activities ( e.g. , operations , treasury and tax planning ) .
pfizer 's cfo , on the other hand , saw an opportunity to do things more effectively and efficiently and [as such] redeploy resources from transactional activities ( e.g. , closing the books , preparing tax returns , paying invoices ) to value added activities ( e.g. , operations , treasury and tax planning ) .

The leading finance organizations we visited have long had general ledger systems capable of generating auditable financial statements efficiently and routinely , thereby providing information on stewardship and accountability at a high level .
the leading finance organizations we visited have long had general ledger systems capable of generating auditable financial statements efficiently and routinely , [as such] providing information on stewardship and accountability at a high level .

While , according to employee compensation surveys , compensation is fairly comparable between the private and public sectors for entry level and middle management positions , executive compensation in the private sector far exceeds that of federal executives , thereby limiting federal agencies ' ability to attract and retain federal executives .
while , according to employee compensation surveys , compensation is fairly comparable between the private and public sectors for entry level and middle management positions , executive compensation in the private sector far exceeds that of federal executives , [as such] limiting federal agencies ' ability to attract and retain federal executives .

As discussed in the enclosure , NHTSA did not follow many of the steps that ordinarily would apply to the rule , based in part on its interpretation that section 330 of the Appropriations Act required it to fix the 1998 standard at 20.7 mpg and thereby deprived the agency of any discretion over the standard .
as discussed in the enclosure , nhtsa did not follow many of the steps that ordinarily would apply to the rule , based in part on its interpretation that section 330 of the appropriations act required it to fix the 1998 standard at 20.7 mpg and [as such] deprived the agency of any discretion over the standard .

Section 603 : Initial regulatory flexibility analysis The Supplementary Information accompanying the proposed rulemaking includes a certification , pursuant to section 605 ( b ) of title 5 , that the proposal would not have a significant impact on a substantial number of small entities , thereby exempting the proposed rule from the requirement for an initial regulatory flexibility analysis .
section 603 : initial regulatory flexibility analysis the supplementary information accompanying the proposed rulemaking includes a certification , pursuant to section 605 ( b ) of title 5 , that the proposal would not have a significant impact on a substantial number of small entities , [as such] exempting the proposed rule from the requirement for an initial regulatory flexibility analysis .

According to FEMA , one of its goals was to transform the public assistance program into a customer-driven and performance-based program , thereby improving the quality and delivery of service to state and local applicants .
according to fema , one of its goals was to transform the public assistance program into a customer-driven and performance-based program , [as such] improving the quality and delivery of service to state and local applicants .

A direct loan financing account may hold uninvested balances to bridge transactions that are integral to its operations , such as when it borrows from Treasury to disburse direct loans prior to the time of disbursement ; it earns interest on these balances to reflect the time value of money and thereby finance the interest it pays on its debt to Treasury .
a direct loan financing account may hold uninvested balances to bridge transactions that are integral to its operations , such as when it borrows from treasury to disburse direct loans prior to the time of disbursement ; it earns interest on these balances to reflect the time value of money and [as such] finance the interest it pays on its debt to treasury .

Eighty-nine engineering regulations were thereby consolidated into 7 , and the number of pages of Corps ' regulations was reduced from 1,596 to 306 .
eighty-nine engineering regulations were [as such] consolidated into 7 , and the number of pages of corps ' regulations was reduced from 1,596 to 306 .

For example , one such waiver allowed ARL to eliminate redundant reviews of certain procurements , thereby saving 5 workdays on each procurement .
for example , one such waiver allowed arl to eliminate redundant reviews of certain procurements , [as such] saving 5 workdays on each procurement .

Finally , with certain restrictions , persons who hold an undivided interest in a crop may be eligible to purchase one insurance policy covering all shares to satisfy linkage requirements , thereby not having to pay the $ 50 processing fee in these situations .
finally , with certain restrictions , persons who hold an undivided interest in a crop may be eligible to purchase one insurance policy covering all shares to satisfy linkage requirements , [as such] not having to pay the $ 50 processing fee in these situations .

One company emphasized that if a major milestone is delayed , an appropriate adjustment should be made to the end date of the program , thereby avoiding compressing the time allotted for the rest of product development and managing the risks that subsequent milestones will be missed .
one company emphasized that if a major milestone is delayed , an appropriate adjustment should be made to the end date of the program , [as such] avoiding compressing the time allotted for the rest of product development and managing the risks that subsequent milestones will be missed .

Such a restriction also would further reduce the limited flexibility we have to research and develop expertise on emerging issues , thereby limiting our ability to respond to the Congress when related issues arise on short notice .
such a restriction also would further reduce the limited flexibility we have to research and develop expertise on emerging issues , [as such] limiting our ability to respond to the congress when related issues arise on short notice .

One organization established a secure telephone line that allowed immediate contact with multiple parties , thereby speeding communication of timecritical information .
one organization established a secure telephone line that allowed immediate contact with multiple parties , [as such] speeding communication of timecritical information .

In addition , organizations sought member input in developing new systems and mechanisms for communicating information , thereby better fulfilling member needs and giving the members a sense of ownership in the system or product .
in addition , organizations sought member input in developing new systems and mechanisms for communicating information , [as such] better fulfilling member needs and giving the members a sense of ownership in the system or product .

However , in DOT 's document management system , comments received on paper are scanned into the system , thereby permitting the public to view all of the comments submitted by others , regardless of the medium that was used .
however , in dot 's document management system , comments received on paper are scanned into the system , [as such] permitting the public to view all of the comments submitted by others , regardless of the medium that was used .

However , in other cases the comments were available while the comment period was open , thereby allowing the public to respond to the comments filed by others .
however , in other cases the comments were available while the comment period was open , [as such] allowing the public to respond to the comments filed by others .

One commenter suggested that a central , governmentwide site be established linking together the information available in individual agencies ' sites , thereby enabling the public to `` drill down '' into individual agencies as well as obtain similar information across agencies .
one commenter suggested that a central , governmentwide site be established linking together the information available in individual agencies ' sites , [as such] enabling the public to `` drill down '' into individual agencies as well as obtain similar information across agencies .

For example , some of them generally indicated that standardization could make the current system more accessible to the public , thereby leading to more participation in the rulemaking process .
for example , some of them generally indicated that standardization could make the current system more accessible to the public , [as such] leading to more participation in the rulemaking process .

They also said that coordination could facilitate information sharing among the agencies , thereby speeding the diffusion of innovations that are appropriate and useful within the agencies ' particular context , keeping each agency from having to `` reinvent the wheel . ''
they also said that coordination could facilitate information sharing among the agencies , [as such] speeding the diffusion of innovations that are appropriate and useful within the agencies ' particular context , keeping each agency from having to `` reinvent the wheel . ''

GAO 's Constructive Efforts to Help Agencies Address Their Human Capital Challenges to strengthen the SES and thereby improve federal performance and foster transformation efforts .
gao 's constructive efforts to help agencies address their human capital challenges to strengthen the ses and [as such] improve federal performance and foster transformation efforts .

I firmly believe these protocols will help to ensure the consistency , fairness , and effectiveness of GAO 's interactions with the agencies and thereby enable GAO to better serve the Congress and the American people .
i firmly believe these protocols will help to ensure the consistency , fairness , and effectiveness of gao 's interactions with the agencies and [as such] enable gao to better serve the congress and the american people .

The agencies expected that new hardware and/or software technology would reduce paperwork and workload , thereby permitting sizable staff reductions .
the agencies expected that new hardware and/or software technology would reduce paperwork and workload , [as such] permitting sizable staff reductions .

This rule is intended to prevent the establishment and amplification of BSE in the United States through feed and , thereby , to minimize the risk to animals and humans .
this rule is intended to prevent the establishment and amplification of bse in the united states through feed and , [as such] , to minimize the risk to animals and humans .

By way of improvement , senior executives adopted a new IT strategic direction and focus that tracked back to the company « s business priorities¬ ƒcommon , lean and fast , global , and growth.≈ Senior management then hired a CIO as a change agent , reporting to the Vice Chairman and the company « s senior decision making council , and gave him responsibility for transforming the IT function , thereby making him an enabler of the function and an integral part of the business strategy .
by way of improvement , senior executives adopted a new it strategic direction and focus that tracked back to the company « s business priorities¬ ƒcommon , lean and fast , global , and growth.≈ senior management then hired a cio as a change agent , reporting to the vice chairman and the company « s senior decision making council , and gave him responsibility for transforming the it function , [as such] making him an enabler of the function and an integral part of the business strategy .

The project responds to the governor « s priority for consolidated agency projects , thereby ensuring high-level support for CIO efforts .
the project responds to the governor « s priority for consolidated agency projects , [as such] ensuring high-level support for cio efforts .

Specifically , these organizations bring in employees with desirable skills from across the enterprise to work in conjunction with IT professionals , thereby maximizing the capability of their technical resources .
specifically , these organizations bring in employees with desirable skills from across the enterprise to work in conjunction with it professionals , [as such] maximizing the capability of their technical resources .

Generally less sensitive than static renewal or flow-through tests , because the toxic substances may degrade or be adsorbed , thereby reducing the apparent toxicity .
generally less sensitive than static renewal or flow-through tests , because the toxic substances may degrade or be adsorbed , [as such] reducing the apparent toxicity .

Generally less sensitive than flow-through tests , because the toxic substances may degrade or be adsorbed , thereby reducing the apparent toxicity .
generally less sensitive than flow-through tests , because the toxic substances may degrade or be adsorbed , [as such] reducing the apparent toxicity .

Unless aeration is initiated during the first 8 h of the test , the DO may be exhausted during an unattended period , thereby invalidating the test .
unless aeration is initiated during the first 8 h of the test , the do may be exhausted during an unattended period , [as such] invalidating the test .

Unless aeration is initiated during the first 8 h of the test , the DO may be exhausted during an unattended period , thereby invalidating the test .
unless aeration is initiated during the first 8 h of the test , the do may be exhausted during an unattended period , [as such] invalidating the test .

Generally less sensitive than renewal because the toxic substances may degrade or be adsorbed , thereby reducing the apparent toxicity .
generally less sensitive than renewal because the toxic substances may degrade or be adsorbed , [as such] reducing the apparent toxicity .

Finally , to simulate the effects of allowance updating , the value of reallocated allowances can be calculated and subtracted from each unit 's cost of generation - thereby inducing each unit to change its profit-maximizing level of generation in response to a given set of fuel , allowance , and electricity prices .
finally , to simulate the effects of allowance updating , the value of reallocated allowances can be calculated and subtracted from each unit 's cost of generation - [as such] inducing each unit to change its profit-maximizing level of generation in response to a given set of fuel , allowance , and electricity prices .

Generally less sensitive than static renewal , because the toxic substances may degrade or be adsorbed , thereby reducing the apparent toxicity .
generally less sensitive than static renewal , because the toxic substances may degrade or be adsorbed , [as such] reducing the apparent toxicity .

Combination of SCR and FGD will also result in significant reduction of mercury emissions , thereby mitigating the need for the addition of ACI .
combination of scr and fgd will also result in significant reduction of mercury emissions , [as such] mitigating the need for the addition of aci .

Installing both technologies at the same time will permit better planning of material storage and equipment locations , thereby avoiding interference .
installing both technologies at the same time will permit better planning of material storage and equipment locations , [as such] avoiding interference .

Second , it is argued that delivery is a natural monopoly and that legal protection is necessary to prevent `` cream skimming '' and thereby to maximize the benefit of the universal delivery system.2 The first argument is a political one which presumes significant urban-rural cross subsidizes in delivery .
second , it is argued that delivery is a natural monopoly and that legal protection is necessary to prevent `` cream skimming '' and [as such] to maximize the benefit of the universal delivery system.2 the first argument is a political one which presumes significant urban-rural cross subsidizes in delivery .

In addition , discounts encourage bulk advertising mailers to sort their mail all the way to the carrier 's walk sequence , thereby avoiding the carrier `` in-office '' function .
in addition , discounts encourage bulk advertising mailers to sort their mail all the way to the carrier 's walk sequence , [as such] avoiding the carrier `` in-office '' function .

At 8:58 , while en route , the NYPD Chief of Department raised the NYPD 's mobilization to level 4 , thereby sending to the WTC approximately 22 lieutenants , 100 sergeants , and 800 police officers from all over the city .
at 8:58 , while en route , the nypd chief of department raised the nypd 's mobilization to level 4 , [as such] sending to the wtc approximately 22 lieutenants , 100 sergeants , and 800 police officers from all over the city .

Within the State Department , some officials delayed Sheehan and Clarke 's push either to designateTaliban-controlled Afghanistan as a state sponsor of terrorism or to designate the regime as a foreign terrorist organization ( thereby avoiding the issue of whether to recognize the Taliban as Afghanistan 's government ) .
within the state department , some officials delayed sheehan and clarke 's push either to designatetaliban-controlled afghanistan as a state sponsor of terrorism or to designate the regime as a foreign terrorist organization ( [as such] avoiding the issue of whether to recognize the taliban as afghanistan 's government ) .

Members should serve indefinitely on the intelligence committees , without set terms , thereby letting them accumulate expertise .
members should serve indefinitely on the intelligence committees , without set terms , [as such] letting them accumulate expertise .

The extreme Islamist version of history blames the decline from Islam 's golden age on the rulers and people who turned away from the true path of their religion , thereby leaving Islam vulnerable to encroaching foreign powers eager to steal their land , wealth , and even their souls .
the extreme islamist version of history blames the decline from islam 's golden age on the rulers and people who turned away from the true path of their religion , [as such] leaving islam vulnerable to encroaching foreign powers eager to steal their land , wealth , and even their souls .

Ksm states he refused to swear a formal oath of allegiance to Bin Ladin , thereby retaining a last vestige of his cherished autonomy .
ksm states he refused to swear a formal oath of allegiance to bin ladin , [as such] retaining a last vestige of his cherished autonomy .

Said Bahaji attended to similar routine matters for Atta and Binalshibh , thereby helping them remain abroad without drawing attention to their absence .
said bahaji attended to similar routine matters for atta and binalshibh , [as such] helping them remain abroad without drawing attention to their absence .

Both agreements have expanded trade and investment , thereby supporting domestic economic reform .
both agreements have expanded trade and investment , [as such] supporting domestic economic reform .

The enemy also may have to develop more elaborate plans , thereby increasing the danger of exposure or defeat .
the enemy also may have to develop more elaborate plans , [as such] increasing the danger of exposure or defeat .

If Jarrah did know that the passengers were making calls , it might not have occurred to him that they were certain to learn what had happened in New York , thereby defeating his attempts at deception .
if jarrah did know that the passengers were making calls , it might not have occurred to him that they were certain to learn what had happened in new york , [as such] defeating his attempts at deception .

Such initiatives aim to bring the benefits of tourism to local people , thereby encouraging them to preserve the biodiversity they have .
such initiatives aim to bring the benefits of tourism to local people , [as such] encouraging them to preserve the biodiversity they have .

Invoking the second law of thermodynamics and Maxwell 's Demon , the authors lead us through a challenging thesis that concludes that the persistence of life on earth requires both natural selection and niche construction , thereby justifying some of the bold claims for their new theory .
invoking the second law of thermodynamics and maxwell 's demon , the authors lead us through a challenging thesis that concludes that the persistence of life on earth requires both natural selection and niche construction , [as such] justifying some of the bold claims for their new theory .

APP can also be cleaved by the nonamyloidogenic α-secretases , a disintegrin and metalloproteinase 10 ( ADAM-10 ) and ADAM-17 [ 3 ] , in a reaction that is believed to occur primarily on the plasma membrane [ 4 ] and is known as “ ectodomain shedding. ” α-Secretase-type ectodomain shedding divides the Aβ domain of APP , thereby generating α-secretase-cleaved soluble APP ectodomain ( sAPP α ) [ 4 ] .
app can also be cleaved by the nonamyloidogenic α-secretases , a disintegrin and metalloproteinase 10 ( adam-10 ) and adam-17 [ 3 ] , in a reaction that is believed to occur primarily on the plasma membrane [ 4 ] and is known as “ ectodomain shedding. ” α-secretase-type ectodomain shedding divides the aβ domain of app , [as such] generating α-secretase-cleaved soluble app ectodomain ( sapp α ) [ 4 ] .

These posttranslational lipid modifications are essential for attachment of the GTPases to the cytosolic face of intracellular vesicles and/or to the cytosolic leaflet of the plasma membrane , thereby specifying subcellular targets for GTPase action ( s ) .
these posttranslational lipid modifications are essential for attachment of the gtpases to the cytosolic face of intracellular vesicles and/or to the cytosolic leaflet of the plasma membrane , [as such] specifying subcellular targets for gtpase action ( s ) .

FTI-1 , an inhibitor of farnesyl transferase also known as L-744,832 [ 59 ] , mimicked and potentiated statin-activated shedding , presumably by blocking transfer of isoprenoid moieties to a Rho protein by farnesyl transferase , and thereby decreasing Rho activity .
fti-1 , an inhibitor of farnesyl transferase also known as l-744,832 [ 59 ] , mimicked and potentiated statin-activated shedding , presumably by blocking transfer of isoprenoid moieties to a rho protein by farnesyl transferase , and [as such] decreasing rho activity .

In light of these similarities , we speculate that methods leading to the production of β-cell factors like Nkx6.1 in stage 4 clusters may enhance the β-cell-like qualities of neural-progenitor-derived insulin + cells , and thereby permit differentiation of tissues that more closely resemble endoderm-derived islet cells .
in light of these similarities , we speculate that methods leading to the production of β-cell factors like nkx6.1 in stage 4 clusters may enhance the β-cell-like qualities of neural-progenitor-derived insulin + cells , and [as such] permit differentiation of tissues that more closely resemble endoderm-derived islet cells .

Upon an auxin stimulus , an SCF ( SKP1/Cullin/F-box protein ) ubiquitin ligase ( Deshaies 1999 ) containing the TIR1 F-box protein ubiquitinates the Aux/IAA proteins , marking them for degradation by the 26S proteasome thereby de-repressing the response pathway ( Gray et al .
upon an auxin stimulus , an scf ( skp1/cullin/f-box protein ) ubiquitin ligase ( deshaies 1999 ) containing the tir1 f-box protein ubiquitinates the aux/iaa proteins , marking them for degradation by the 26s proteasome [as such] de-repressing the response pathway ( gray et al .

They accepted that natural selection can reinforce prezygotic isolation ( i.e. , lack of mating or zygote formation ) between species and thereby reduce production of unfit hybrids , even if Mayr did not share Dobzhansky 's belief that this was the norm .
they accepted that natural selection can reinforce prezygotic isolation ( i.e. , lack of mating or zygote formation ) between species and [as such] reduce production of unfit hybrids , even if mayr did not share dobzhansky 's belief that this was the norm .

Resveratrol stimulated a known activator of increased longevity in yeast , the enzyme Sir-2 , and thereby extended the organism 's lifespan by 70 % ( Box 1 ) .
resveratrol stimulated a known activator of increased longevity in yeast , the enzyme sir-2 , and [as such] extended the organism 's lifespan by 70 % ( box 1 ) .

Imatinib ( Gleevec ) , a 2-phenylaminopyrimidine , is a competitive inhibitor of ATP binding to the ABL kinase , thereby inhibiting the constitutively activated BCR-ABL tyrosine kinase .
imatinib ( gleevec ) , a 2-phenylaminopyrimidine , is a competitive inhibitor of atp binding to the abl kinase , [as such] inhibiting the constitutively activated bcr-abl tyrosine kinase .

They also represent missed opportunities for prevention , positive living education , and treatment , thereby undermining Nigeria 's concerted national efforts to address the HIV/AIDS epidemic .
they also represent missed opportunities for prevention , positive living education , and treatment , [as such] undermining nigeria 's concerted national efforts to address the hiv/aids epidemic .

Extended polyubiquitin chains could slow down chain disassembly , thereby allowing ample time for unfolding and proteolysis of the substrate ( Figure 2 ) .
extended polyubiquitin chains could slow down chain disassembly , [as such] allowing ample time for unfolding and proteolysis of the substrate ( figure 2 ) .

Empidonax flycatchers , which are renowned for their morphological similarity and could thereby benefit from DNA-based identification tools , provide an example of the importance of a more detailed analysis .
empidonax flycatchers , which are renowned for their morphological similarity and could [as such] benefit from dna-based identification tools , provide an example of the importance of a more detailed analysis .

Finally , the report repeatedly emphasizes a “ profound and mysterious ” link between longevity and fertility , thereby leaving the reader with the distinct but erroneous impression that anything done to extend healthy life will be traded for decreased fertility , despite the fact that current scientific literature , which was made available for inclusion in the report , shows a lack of any necessary mechanistic linkage of the two .
finally , the report repeatedly emphasizes a “ profound and mysterious ” link between longevity and fertility , [as such] leaving the reader with the distinct but erroneous impression that anything done to extend healthy life will be traded for decreased fertility , despite the fact that current scientific literature , which was made available for inclusion in the report , shows a lack of any necessary mechanistic linkage of the two .

Of course , the remaining forest is thereby broken into fragments that continue to suffer incursions at their edges , as the cycle continues .
of course , the remaining forest is [as such] broken into fragments that continue to suffer incursions at their edges , as the cycle continues .

This protein , whose expression is regulated by p53 , stimulates breakdown of p53 , thereby forming a negative feedback mechanism that keeps p53 levels low .
this protein , whose expression is regulated by p53 , stimulates breakdown of p53 , [as such] forming a negative feedback mechanism that keeps p53 levels low .

Thus , the ‘ knockout ’ mutations were clearly beneficial because they sped up adaptation to a new phenotypic optimum by releasing hidden genetic variation , thereby providing a new substrate upon which natural selection may act .
thus , the ‘ knockout ’ mutations were clearly beneficial because they sped up adaptation to a new phenotypic optimum by releasing hidden genetic variation , [as such] providing a new substrate upon which natural selection may act .

Upon receipt of the appropriate calcium signal , calcineurin is activated and removes phosphate groups from NFAT , thereby permitting translocation of NFAT to the nucleus .
upon receipt of the appropriate calcium signal , calcineurin is activated and removes phosphate groups from nfat , [as such] permitting translocation of nfat to the nucleus .

Myofibers would thereby grow progressively more responsive to tonic activity .
myofibers would [as such] grow progressively more responsive to tonic activity .

As shown by the Diabetes Control and Complications Trial and the more recent Epidemiology of Diabetes Interventions and Complications trial , insulin therapy has made such considerable advances ( with better insulin formulations and delivery systems ) that many patients can maintain their blood sugar levels within a tight range and thereby reduce their risk for the disease 's long-term complications [ 3,4,5 ] .
as shown by the diabetes control and complications trial and the more recent epidemiology of diabetes interventions and complications trial , insulin therapy has made such considerable advances ( with better insulin formulations and delivery systems ) that many patients can maintain their blood sugar levels within a tight range and [as such] reduce their risk for the disease 's long-term complications [ 3,4,5 ] .

However , such a mechanical system would need be fail-safe in order to avoid devastating effects ( e.g. , if the monitor were to register a falsely elevated blood glucose and thereby trigger an inappropriately high insulin dose ) .
however , such a mechanical system would need be fail-safe in order to avoid devastating effects ( e.g. , if the monitor were to register a falsely elevated blood glucose and [as such] trigger an inappropriately high insulin dose ) .

The CCAL also ensures that institutions are permitted to archive not only articles written by their own faculty , but all other works published under the same legal terms as well , thereby facilitating their permanent accessibility and preservation .
the ccal also ensures that institutions are permitted to archive not only articles written by their own faculty , but all other works published under the same legal terms as well , [as such] facilitating their permanent accessibility and preservation .

LPS binds to pathogen-associated-molecular-pattern innate immune receptors , such as CD14 and Toll-like receptor 4 , activating signal cascades involving NF-κB and MAPK [ 47 ] and thereby inducing the transcription and secretion of early cytokines , including TNFα and IL-1 [ 48 ] .
lps binds to pathogen-associated-molecular-pattern innate immune receptors , such as cd14 and toll-like receptor 4 , activating signal cascades involving nf-κb and mapk [ 47 ] and [as such] inducing the transcription and secretion of early cytokines , including tnfα and il-1 [ 48 ] .

The sense of taste is partly lost in elderly people , he says , so better tastants—effectively ‘ chemical spectacles ’ —might give them back their pleasure of eating and thereby improve their quality of life .
the sense of taste is partly lost in elderly people , he says , so better tastants—effectively ‘ chemical spectacles ’ —might give them back their pleasure of eating and [as such] improve their quality of life .

A related body of research suggests that chronic exposure to social stressors associated with socioeconomic deprivation may result in repeated activationâ€ ” and ultimately harmful dysregulationâ€ ” of physiological systems that respond to stress , thereby increasing risk of elevated blood pressure , insulin resistance , and visceral fat deposition and thus risk of cardiovascular disease , obesity , and diabetes [ 37â€ “ 39 ] .
a related body of research suggests that chronic exposure to social stressors associated with socioeconomic deprivation may result in repeated activationâ€ ” and ultimately harmful dysregulationâ€ ” of physiological systems that respond to stress , [as such] increasing risk of elevated blood pressure , insulin resistance , and visceral fat deposition and thus risk of cardiovascular disease , obesity , and diabetes [ 37â€ “ 39 ] .

Unlike prior research , however , the present study newly employed a same-gender twin design , affording comparatively tight matching on life circumstances through early adolescence , with monozygotic twins additionally matched on genetic inheritance , thereby circumventing important concerns raised about likely unmeasured confounders affecting results of prior studies dependent upon adult recall ofâ€ ” and limited data onâ€ ” childhood socioeconomic position .
unlike prior research , however , the present study newly employed a same-gender twin design , affording comparatively tight matching on life circumstances through early adolescence , with monozygotic twins additionally matched on genetic inheritance , [as such] circumventing important concerns raised about likely unmeasured confounders affecting results of prior studies dependent upon adult recall ofâ€ ” and limited data onâ€ ” childhood socioeconomic position .

Thereby the cortical activities represent the input .
[as such] the cortical activities represent the input .

It would also improve capacity planning for high-tech and specialized services , thereby ensuring appropriate access without excessive queues [ 15 ] .
it would also improve capacity planning for high-tech and specialized services , [as such] ensuring appropriate access without excessive queues [ 15 ] .

Vaccination would reduce the number of hookworm infective larvae entering the gastrointestinal tract , thereby reducing the number of adult worms and the fecal egg counts in individuals exposed to the larvae .
vaccination would reduce the number of hookworm infective larvae entering the gastrointestinal tract , [as such] reducing the number of adult worms and the fecal egg counts in individuals exposed to the larvae .

Under these cramped conditions , most mutations are likely to severely disrupt some aspect of viral function and thereby reduce fitness ( Holmes 2003 ) .
under these cramped conditions , most mutations are likely to severely disrupt some aspect of viral function and [as such] reduce fitness ( holmes 2003 ) .

It was only many years later that Galileo established the bridge between theory and observation ; he understood the data in terms of the theory and thereby cemented the revolution .
it was only many years later that galileo established the bridge between theory and observation ; he understood the data in terms of the theory and [as such] cemented the revolution .

You know , you butch thing , many cosmologists posit different levels of universes , hoping thereby to answer questions regarding the seeming uniqueness of our own .
you know , you butch thing , many cosmologists posit different levels of universes , hoping [as such] to answer questions regarding the seeming uniqueness of our own .

An international incident ensued ; the British Protectorate was forced to divert a key unit of men from Jerusalem to search for Abra , thereby leaving the King David Hotel unprotected .
an international incident ensued ; the british protectorate was forced to divert a key unit of men from jerusalem to search for abra , [as such] leaving the king david hotel unprotected .

Though this by itself has no immediate effect , it makes it respectable , for the first time , for political leaders to discuss the subject , and thereby brings closer the day when the vast majority of crimes will no longer be committed , when billions of dollars will be freed to help the inner city instead of to ruin black people 's lives , and when we will stop , as in Samuel Butler 's Erewhon , imprisoning people for the crime of being sick .
though this by itself has no immediate effect , it makes it respectable , for the first time , for political leaders to discuss the subject , and [as such] brings closer the day when the vast majority of crimes will no longer be committed , when billions of dollars will be freed to help the inner city instead of to ruin black people 's lives , and when we will stop , as in samuel butler 's erewhon , imprisoning people for the crime of being sick .

The Senate rejected the Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty , thereby decapitating nuclear-arms control and sending Iraq , Iran , and North Korea the message that the United States wo n't raise a big stink if they try to join India and Pakistan .
the senate rejected the comprehensive test ban treaty , [as such] decapitating nuclear-arms control and sending iraq , iran , and north korea the message that the united states wo n't raise a big stink if they try to join india and pakistan .

If investors feel they ca n't make money investing in IPOs underwritten by Hambrecht , they 'll pay less for them then they would if the same companies were being underwritten by more established investment banks , thereby defeating the whole purpose of going public with Hambrecht .
if investors feel they ca n't make money investing in ipos underwritten by hambrecht , they 'll pay less for them then they would if the same companies were being underwritten by more established investment banks , [as such] defeating the whole purpose of going public with hambrecht .

One could argue , charitably , that the movie is meant to be prescriptive , that Barker intends for us to regard the ways in which his subjects delude themselves and thereby learn to see through our own self-delusions .
one could argue , charitably , that the movie is meant to be prescriptive , that barker intends for us to regard the ways in which his subjects delude themselves and [as such] learn to see through our own self-delusions .

A surfing analyst shared the inside scoop with his clients , thereby roiling the financial markets for a few hours .
a surfing analyst shared the inside scoop with his clients , [as such] roiling the financial markets for a few hours .

The weapon would use the precision guidance technology already common in planes and tanks to deliver rounds that explode in the air above enemy soldiers , thereby lessening their ability to survive battlefield small arms fire by taking cover .
the weapon would use the precision guidance technology already common in planes and tanks to deliver rounds that explode in the air above enemy soldiers , [as such] lessening their ability to survive battlefield small arms fire by taking cover .

Computer experts can argue they raised awareness and thereby prevented problems , but financial experts ca n't ; they just predict what 's going to happen to markets . )
computer experts can argue they raised awareness and [as such] prevented problems , but financial experts ca n't ; they just predict what 's going to happen to markets . )

Strong multiculturalists , if they follow their argument to its extremes , end up having to support some other culture whose basic principles violate their own -- thereby elevating the values of that culture above their own .
strong multiculturalists , if they follow their argument to its extremes , end up having to support some other culture whose basic principles violate their own -- [as such] elevating the values of that culture above their own .

Starr had already forced her to testify for the House prosecutors by invoking her immunity agreement , thereby implicitly threatening her with prosecution .
starr had already forced her to testify for the house prosecutors by invoking her immunity agreement , [as such] implicitly threatening her with prosecution .

If the proposal fails , thereby sparing Clinton any penalty whatsoever , so much the better .
if the proposal fails , [as such] sparing clinton any penalty whatsoever , so much the better .

Prudie believes in the interest of your mental health that you confess your feelings , thereby relieving yourself of the stress and pain of a fantasy love affair .
prudie believes in the interest of your mental health that you confess your feelings , [as such] relieving yourself of the stress and pain of a fantasy love affair .

That 's an outcome that seems both fair and economically efficient : The punishment falls on the sinners and thereby deters the sin .
that 's an outcome that seems both fair and economically efficient : the punishment falls on the sinners and [as such] deters the sin .

The second bill was dismissed as veto bait , but Republicans were deemed to have scored a victory by detaching it and thereby removing Clinton 's excuse to veto the larger bill .
the second bill was dismissed as veto bait , but republicans were deemed to have scored a victory by detaching it and [as such] removing clinton 's excuse to veto the larger bill .

Some U.S. officials argued that Mexico had failed to notify the United States of the arrest for almost two weeks , thereby jeopardizing U.S. agents and informers about whom the general had been briefed .
some u.s. officials argued that mexico had failed to notify the united states of the arrest for almost two weeks , [as such] jeopardizing u.s. agents and informers about whom the general had been briefed .

The new index will reduce the official inflation rate , thereby trimming annual cost-of-living increases in Social Security and other federal benefits .
the new index will reduce the official inflation rate , [as such] trimming annual cost-of-living increases in social security and other federal benefits .

The document release was meant to prove the integrity of then-NSC-boss Anthony Lake , thereby persuading senators to confirm him as CIA director .
the document release was meant to prove the integrity of then-nsc-boss anthony lake , [as such] persuading senators to confirm him as cia director .

At least for us , the online version of Barnes & Noble has reduced the value of the offline version , thereby rationalizing the Street 's valuation .
at least for us , the online version of barnes & noble has reduced the value of the offline version , [as such] rationalizing the street 's valuation .

It 's not so hard , however , to imagine the GOP following the pattern set by the Democrats after 1972 : pulling themselves together momentarily to field a winning centrist candidate four years later -- and then thwarting his ability to govern ( as the Democrats in Congress did Jimmy Carter 's ) -- thereby producing an era of domination by the opposition for the next two decades .
it 's not so hard , however , to imagine the gop following the pattern set by the democrats after 1972 : pulling themselves together momentarily to field a winning centrist candidate four years later -- and then thwarting his ability to govern ( as the democrats in congress did jimmy carter 's ) -- [as such] producing an era of domination by the opposition for the next two decades .

According to George Will , NATO thereby exposed a `` huge limit on its will , '' i.e. , `` it believes the defense of [ its ] values is important enough to kill for , but not important enough to be killed for . ''
according to george will , nato [as such] exposed a `` huge limit on its will , '' i.e. , `` it believes the defense of [ its ] values is important enough to kill for , but not important enough to be killed for . ''

Prudie also suspects that your husband 's prior bride may have snagged some fabulous presents , thereby irritating you because you feel -- correctly -- that people will not spring for two terrific presents within a short period of time .
prudie also suspects that your husband 's prior bride may have snagged some fabulous presents , [as such] irritating you because you feel -- correctly -- that people will not spring for two terrific presents within a short period of time .

The Los Angeles Times reported that he got `` favorable treatment and uncommon attention '' when he was admitted to the Texas Air National Guard in 1968 , thereby avoiding being drafted to fight in Vietnam .
the los angeles times reported that he got `` favorable treatment and uncommon attention '' when he was admitted to the texas air national guard in 1968 , [as such] avoiding being drafted to fight in vietnam .

The alternative -- preventing capital flight directly , and thereby gaining a breathing space -- was supposed to be completely impossible , with any attempt a sure recipe for disaster .
the alternative -- preventing capital flight directly , and [as such] gaining a breathing space -- was supposed to be completely impossible , with any attempt a sure recipe for disaster .

Second , if the child turns out pretty but does n't want to be a beauty queen , her parents may force her in that direction anyway , thereby stifling her true talents and preventing her from becoming successful .
second , if the child turns out pretty but does n't want to be a beauty queen , her parents may force her in that direction anyway , [as such] stifling her true talents and preventing her from becoming successful .

The objective is to keep the won from falling much more than is necessary for the long-run adjustment of the Korean economy , and thereby to prevent unnecessary bankruptcies and unnecessary depression of Korean income and employment .
the objective is to keep the won from falling much more than is necessary for the long-run adjustment of the korean economy , and [as such] to prevent unnecessary bankruptcies and unnecessary depression of korean income and employment .

Before the grand jury , he may admit to having had sex with Lewinsky , thereby admitting to having committed perjury in the Jones suit .
before the grand jury , he may admit to having had sex with lewinsky , [as such] admitting to having committed perjury in the jones suit .

I once had such an ugly experience with the customer-service department of one of those companies that I wrote its president a letter of complaint on the letterhead of an impressive magazine in which I stated my intention of reporting in print how unpleasant it had been dealing with his company at every conceivable opportunity and that I would consider myself to be doing a service to my readers thereby .
i once had such an ugly experience with the customer-service department of one of those companies that i wrote its president a letter of complaint on the letterhead of an impressive magazine in which i stated my intention of reporting in print how unpleasant it had been dealing with his company at every conceivable opportunity and that i would consider myself to be doing a service to my readers [as such] .

She draws on her own experience , thereby making the personal political , and was for a long time the only female voice on the white , male Times Op-Ed page .
she draws on her own experience , [as such] making the personal political , and was for a long time the only female voice on the white , male times op-ed page .

He would most likely draw a double team , freeing a teammate for the final shot , thereby giving his team a better chance to win .
he would most likely draw a double team , freeing a teammate for the final shot , [as such] giving his team a better chance to win .

True , there were other references at the end of the article for `` Buy Nothing Day '' and Adbusters , but the premise of Shafer 's commentary was that the New York Times ( `` Tardy Catalogue Shoppers Risk Losing Out '' [ Dec. 10 , 1996 ] ) fabricated a catalog shortage in order to herd shoppers into buying , thereby playing the role of a shameless pawn in the American sales game .
true , there were other references at the end of the article for `` buy nothing day '' and adbusters , but the premise of shafer 's commentary was that the new york times ( `` tardy catalogue shoppers risk losing out '' [ dec. 10 , 1996 ] ) fabricated a catalog shortage in order to herd shoppers into buying , [as such] playing the role of a shameless pawn in the american sales game .

In your June 25 `` Chatterbox , '' you attack Newt Gingrich for telling a national radio audience that lower taxes mean `` less time at work and more free time '' when supply-siders have for years been saying that `` cutting taxes would spur more , not less work effort , thereby speeding economic growth . ''
in your june 25 `` chatterbox , '' you attack newt gingrich for telling a national radio audience that lower taxes mean `` less time at work and more free time '' when supply-siders have for years been saying that `` cutting taxes would spur more , not less work effort , [as such] speeding economic growth . ''

That would make him the younger son of a duke , like Lord Randolph Churchill or Lord Peter Wimsey ( and not , thereby , actually a lord except in using that word in this courtesy title ) .
that would make him the younger son of a duke , like lord randolph churchill or lord peter wimsey ( and not , [as such] , actually a lord except in using that word in this courtesy title ) .

You allege that greedy index-fund investors take advantage of noble souls doing their own research and thereby threaten to erode the quality of information and research that is the foundation of our efficient stock markets .
you allege that greedy index-fund investors take advantage of noble souls doing their own research and [as such] threaten to erode the quality of information and research that is the foundation of our efficient stock markets .

Today , aided by an explosion in information technology , there are thousands and thousands of active , aggressive investors pouncing on every nugget of information , thereby making the markets highly efficient .
today , aided by an explosion in information technology , there are thousands and thousands of active , aggressive investors pouncing on every nugget of information , [as such] making the markets highly efficient .

He can only buy it from other tobacco farmers , thereby putting them out of business .
he can only buy it from other tobacco farmers , [as such] putting them out of business .

Even relatively low inflation during the intervening time period will have caused the value of money to dwindle , thereby diminishing his `` gain '' in real terms .
even relatively low inflation during the intervening time period will have caused the value of money to dwindle , [as such] diminishing his `` gain '' in real terms .

The AIDS vaccines I 'm speaking of are designed to prevent an infection and thereby stem an epidemic .
the aids vaccines i 'm speaking of are designed to prevent an infection and [as such] stem an epidemic .

His two most Borgesian works are The Year of the Death of Ricardo Reis ( 1984 ) , an hommage to the great Portuguese poet Fernando Pessoa , and The History of the Siege of Lisbon ( 1989 ) , in which a proofreader inserts a single word -- '' not '' -- into a single sentence in a book he 's checking , thereby questioning every celebrated theme of Portuguese history .
his two most borgesian works are the year of the death of ricardo reis ( 1984 ) , an hommage to the great portuguese poet fernando pessoa , and the history of the siege of lisbon ( 1989 ) , in which a proofreader inserts a single word -- '' not '' -- into a single sentence in a book he 's checking , [as such] questioning every celebrated theme of portuguese history .

The blink critique assumes that the purpose of preparing the attack was to complete it and thereby hurt Iraq .
the blink critique assumes that the purpose of preparing the attack was to complete it and [as such] hurt iraq .

Gore and Clinton suggested that their end ( getting re-elected and thereby helping the United States ) justified their means ( using the White House to raise money ) .
gore and clinton suggested that their end ( getting re-elected and [as such] helping the united states ) justified their means ( using the white house to raise money ) .

The next step is to develop drugs to influence the gene and thereby treat obesity .
the next step is to develop drugs to influence the gene and [as such] treat obesity .

Supporters of interleague play believe it will ignite local rivalries ( e.g. , Mets vs. Yankees , Cubs vs. White Sox ) and showcase the sport 's stars in more cities , thereby boosting attendance and merchandise sales , which , in turn , will enable owners to satisfy players ' skyrocketing salary demands .
supporters of interleague play believe it will ignite local rivalries ( e.g. , mets vs. yankees , cubs vs. white sox ) and showcase the sport 's stars in more cities , [as such] boosting attendance and merchandise sales , which , in turn , will enable owners to satisfy players ' skyrocketing salary demands .

American officials are trying to get Sayegh deported to the United States for questioning , thereby circumventing Saudi investigators who have frustrated the efforts of U.S. law-enforcement agents to investigate the bombing .
american officials are trying to get sayegh deported to the united states for questioning , [as such] circumventing saudi investigators who have frustrated the efforts of u.s. law-enforcement agents to investigate the bombing .

Hooters settled a discrimination lawsuit by shelling out $ 3.75 million and agreeing to hire men -- as support staff , not as waiters , thereby preserving the tradition of Hooters Girls .
hooters settled a discrimination lawsuit by shelling out $ 3.75 million and agreeing to hire men -- as support staff , not as waiters , [as such] preserving the tradition of hooters girls .

An Ashcroft entry might also kill the candidacy of Beltway conservative Gary Bauer , thereby freeing up the allegiances of the followers of Bauer 's ally , radio moralist Dr. James Dobson .
an ashcroft entry might also kill the candidacy of beltway conservative gary bauer , [as such] freeing up the allegiances of the followers of bauer 's ally , radio moralist dr. james dobson .

The new Gore strategy apparently calls for Gore to be as annoying as possible , thereby reminding congressional decisionmakers of the potential cost of removing Clinton from office .
the new gore strategy apparently calls for gore to be as annoying as possible , [as such] reminding congressional decisionmakers of the potential cost of removing clinton from office .

The suit accuses former managers of misleading workers about the whereabouts of radioactive material stored at the plant , thereby exposing them to illegally high doses of radiation .
the suit accuses former managers of misleading workers about the whereabouts of radioactive material stored at the plant , [as such] exposing them to illegally high doses of radiation .

The LAT and the NYT front a ruling by a North Carolina judge that declares the Charlotte-Mecklenburg district officially desegregated , thereby ending the thirty-year old busing program designed to reduce segregation .
the lat and the nyt front a ruling by a north carolina judge that declares the charlotte-mecklenburg district officially desegregated , [as such] ending the thirty-year old busing program designed to reduce segregation .

The problem with this production : Prince sets Candide in a traveling carnival and includes elaborate stunts like artificial flying falcons , thereby substituting `` spectacle ... for satire ... without an iota of anarchy or inspiration , '' says The New Yorker 's John Lahr .
the problem with this production : prince sets candide in a traveling carnival and includes elaborate stunts like artificial flying falcons , [as such] substituting `` spectacle ... for satire ... without an iota of anarchy or inspiration , '' says the new yorker 's john lahr .

Jackie Collins : `` [ Clinton would ] confess that Monica Lewinsky is his illegitimate daughter , '' thereby explaining their close relationship and the need for secrecy .
jackie collins : `` [ clinton would ] confess that monica lewinsky is his illegitimate daughter , '' [as such] explaining their close relationship and the need for secrecy .

Almost every philosophy or political tendency worth mentioning , from Plato on , has held in special esteem its version of the active thinker who puts his principles across well and thereby commands a wider public .
almost every philosophy or political tendency worth mentioning , from plato on , has held in special esteem its version of the active thinker who puts his principles across well and [as such] commands a wider public .

The election is an important test for the PRI , which has been in power longer than any other party in the world ; previously , the outgoing president would simply knight his successor , thereby guaranteeing him victory .
the election is an important test for the pri , which has been in power longer than any other party in the world ; previously , the outgoing president would simply knight his successor , [as such] guaranteeing him victory .

While PointCast packages news and information as your screensaver , SlateCast TM will package acute witticisms about the news directly onto your voice-mail answering message -- in your own voice -- thereby completely eliminating the need to develop or even to express your own opinions .
while pointcast packages news and information as your screensaver , slatecast tm will package acute witticisms about the news directly onto your voice-mail answering message -- in your own voice -- [as such] completely eliminating the need to develop or even to express your own opinions .

The WSJ carries predictions that smaller competitors will lock arms as well , thereby reducing the industry 's dead weight .
the wsj carries predictions that smaller competitors will lock arms as well , [as such] reducing the industry 's dead weight .

The Wall St. news is that Travelers Group announced yesterday a $ 9 billion deal in which it will acquire Salomon Inc. and merge it with its Smith Barney unit , thereby creating the nation 's second-largest investment bank .
the wall st. news is that travelers group announced yesterday a $ 9 billion deal in which it will acquire salomon inc. and merge it with its smith barney unit , [as such] creating the nation 's second-largest investment bank .

The odds are very good that if that woman and her beau got married , they would buy a house together and have at least one kid , thereby putting a huge dent in their tax bill .
the odds are very good that if that woman and her beau got married , they would buy a house together and have at least one kid , [as such] putting a huge dent in their tax bill .

For the first 20 seconds or so of the ad , as different children find seats in different ways and thereby demonstrate their eventual fates ( as the camera zooms in on the individual kids , their eventual professions appear on screen ) , the ad , too , is unsurprising .
for the first 20 seconds or so of the ad , as different children find seats in different ways and [as such] demonstrate their eventual fates ( as the camera zooms in on the individual kids , their eventual professions appear on screen ) , the ad , too , is unsurprising .

Which of the survivors let go first , thereby causing the rest to follow suit ?
which of the survivors let go first , [as such] causing the rest to follow suit ?

He recognized a Christian duty to charity but was gripped by a fear that his charity would be wasted , thereby incriminating him in sin .
he recognized a christian duty to charity but was gripped by a fear that his charity would be wasted , [as such] incriminating him in sin .

A reporter 's skeptical question to Clinton `` broke the spell '' of Ruth Bader Ginsburg 's remarks upon being nominated to the Supreme Court , thereby injuring citizens ' `` sense of connection '' to `` our judicial system . ''
a reporter 's skeptical question to clinton `` broke the spell '' of ruth bader ginsburg 's remarks upon being nominated to the supreme court , [as such] injuring citizens ' `` sense of connection '' to `` our judicial system . ''

A few years ago , when left to choose his own material , Travolta made the hideous Phenomenon , thereby demonstrating a Cagneyesque taste for treacly fables .
a few years ago , when left to choose his own material , travolta made the hideous phenomenon , [as such] demonstrating a cagneyesque taste for treacly fables .

Hume follows by asking whether this means that Starr 's office is committed to eventually delivering a report ( thereby indicating that Starr has credible evidence of impeachable malfeasance ) .
hume follows by asking whether this means that starr 's office is committed to eventually delivering a report ( [as such] indicating that starr has credible evidence of impeachable malfeasance ) .

Hold a press conference to answer all Lewinsky questions tomorrow , thereby ending the circus immediately , advises Stephanopoulos .
hold a press conference to answer all lewinsky questions tomorrow , [as such] ending the circus immediately , advises stephanopoulos .

He forfeited attorney-client confidentiality and thereby compromised his client 's rights by volunteering too much of his conversations with Lewinsky on the shows .
he forfeited attorney-client confidentiality and [as such] compromised his client 's rights by volunteering too much of his conversations with lewinsky on the shows .

Paul Gigot ( NewsHour ) worries that eliminating soft money will induce self-interested money-men to fund their own commercials , thereby permitting private donors to set the agendas in congressional races .
paul gigot ( newshour ) worries that eliminating soft money will induce self-interested money-men to fund their own commercials , [as such] permitting private donors to set the agendas in congressional races .

Stephanopoulos argues that the White House would not needlessly admit the existence of presidential love gifts , thereby undermining the Story of the Seventh Commandment that it is peddling .
stephanopoulos argues that the white house would not needlessly admit the existence of presidential love gifts , [as such] undermining the story of the seventh commandment that it is peddling .

You hoped Walters was feeling some pity for the life thereby wasted , was suppressing a grandmotherly impulse to shut this child up .
you hoped walters was feeling some pity for the life [as such] wasted , was suppressing a grandmotherly impulse to shut this child up .

Critics claimed to discern superfluous gloss , but what she did was to apply the invigorating rhetoric of of gloss to the supposedly unglamorous , and thereby encourage reades to try what they might otherwise disdain ; only thus can I account for her kindly tolerance of my grimmer taste .
critics claimed to discern superfluous gloss , but what she did was to apply the invigorating rhetoric of of gloss to the supposedly unglamorous , and [as such] encourage reades to try what they might otherwise disdain ; only thus can i account for her kindly tolerance of my grimmer taste .

In Morton 's hands , Monica 's is the same old tale of female victimization , but -- just as she did before the Senate , thereby helping to forestall impeachment -- she manages to shift the blame .
in morton 's hands , monica 's is the same old tale of female victimization , but -- just as she did before the senate , [as such] helping to forestall impeachment -- she manages to shift the blame .

In the primary , he can tell liberal voters that Bradley 's health insurance plan would suck up all the oxygen in the budget , thereby suffocating the left 's favorite programs .
in the primary , he can tell liberal voters that bradley 's health insurance plan would suck up all the oxygen in the budget , [as such] suffocating the left 's favorite programs .

A theory : One member of the lesbian pair poses as a male , thereby discouraging smaller males who are unwilling to fight for a mate .
a theory : one member of the lesbian pair poses as a male , [as such] discouraging smaller males who are unwilling to fight for a mate .

The no-privilege decision by Judge Norma Johnson -- actually still under seal and leaked to the papers by lawyers involved in the case ( who thereby continue to flirt with sanction by Judge Johnson ) -- is deemed a `` stunning legal defeat '' for Clinton by the NYT and rated a `` major victory '' for Ken Starr by `` USA Today .
the no-privilege decision by judge norma johnson -- actually still under seal and leaked to the papers by lawyers involved in the case ( who [as such] continue to flirt with sanction by judge johnson ) -- is deemed a `` stunning legal defeat '' for clinton by the nyt and rated a `` major victory '' for ken starr by `` usa today .

The Washington Post goes with the government 's decision to lower what counts as obesity , thereby instantly classifying millions of Americans as overweight .
the washington post goes with the government 's decision to lower what counts as obesity , [as such] instantly classifying millions of americans as overweight .

If Congress fails to enact the tobacco deal thereby killing these programs , says the paper , Democrats come away with a potent political issue : the Republicans favored the tobacco industry over children and health .
if congress fails to enact the tobacco deal [as such] killing these programs , says the paper , democrats come away with a potent political issue : the republicans favored the tobacco industry over children and health .

During the winter , when it 's cold and dark , couples do n't want to go out much but are quite willing to stay home and look after other people 's children -- thereby accumulating points they can use on balmy summer evenings .
during the winter , when it 's cold and dark , couples do n't want to go out much but are quite willing to stay home and look after other people 's children -- [as such] accumulating points they can use on balmy summer evenings .

In so doing , he found himself labeled a `` black conservative '' -- and thereby exposed to new and dangerous seductions .
in so doing , he found himself labeled a `` black conservative '' -- and [as such] exposed to new and dangerous seductions .

The ensuing volatility of currency-exchange rates , he argues , has made businesses ' projections of profits from trade increasingly unreliable , thereby discouraging productive investments and growth .
the ensuing volatility of currency-exchange rates , he argues , has made businesses ' projections of profits from trade increasingly unreliable , [as such] discouraging productive investments and growth .

While staying in Cape Town with a family of Dutch colonists , Dixon is set upon by its three young daughters , whose mission is to arouse him to the point where he 'll want to mate with their black slave , thereby producing a light-skinned offspring .
while staying in cape town with a family of dutch colonists , dixon is set upon by its three young daughters , whose mission is to arouse him to the point where he 'll want to mate with their black slave , [as such] producing a light-skinned offspring .

Whichever player successfully frames the questions at stake will capture public opinion and political support , and thereby win .
whichever player successfully frames the questions at stake will capture public opinion and political support , and [as such] win .

Indeed , he hoped to wire Lewinsky and thereby catch Jordan -- and perhaps even Clinton -- asking her to lie .
indeed , he hoped to wire lewinsky and [as such] catch jordan -- and perhaps even clinton -- asking her to lie .

Steven Jobs , having learned his lesson at Apple , where he was forced out by professional manager John Sculley , owns 71 percent of his new company , Pixar ( makers of Toy Story ) , thereby ensuring that no one will ever push him around again .
steven jobs , having learned his lesson at apple , where he was forced out by professional manager john sculley , owns 71 percent of his new company , pixar ( makers of toy story ) , [as such] ensuring that no one will ever push him around again .

This message has induced some liberal pundits to call the Promise Keepers pathetic , thereby undermining NOW 's portrayal of them as dangerous bullies .
this message has induced some liberal pundits to call the promise keepers pathetic , [as such] undermining now 's portrayal of them as dangerous bullies .

The FRC invited the men to sign petitions for the Partial-Birth Abortion Ban , thereby adding their names to its political database .
the frc invited the men to sign petitions for the partial-birth abortion ban , [as such] adding their names to its political database .

By this logic , because the WTO does n't include labor and environmental regulations in its trade rules ( thereby undermining such regulations in many countries , according to the protesters ) , the WTO should be suspended .
by this logic , because the wto does n't include labor and environmental regulations in its trade rules ( [as such] undermining such regulations in many countries , according to the protesters ) , the wto should be suspended .

It would allow you to see how closely you line up with the candidate for whom you intend to vote , and thereby tell you whether your attraction is based on a congruence of views or a more ephemeral sense of goodwill .
it would allow you to see how closely you line up with the candidate for whom you intend to vote , and [as such] tell you whether your attraction is based on a congruence of views or a more ephemeral sense of goodwill .

That 's wrong , because you can ( if you wish ) buy a $ 10,000 Treasury bill that will bring all your interest payments right back to you -- thereby , in effect , taxing yourself to pay off the debt right away , and limiting your damage to the initial $ 10,000 .
that 's wrong , because you can ( if you wish ) buy a $ 10,000 treasury bill that will bring all your interest payments right back to you -- [as such] , in effect , taxing yourself to pay off the debt right away , and limiting your damage to the initial $ 10,000 .

When premiums are high , more people opt against buying insurance , thereby creating the plethora of uninsured drivers and completing the vicious circle .
when premiums are high , more people opt against buying insurance , [as such] creating the plethora of uninsured drivers and completing the vicious circle .

In 1992 , the paper delayed its exposé of masher Sen. Bob Packwood , R-Ore. , until after the election , thereby assuring his return to the Senate .
in 1992 , the paper delayed its exposé of masher sen. bob packwood , r-ore. , until after the election , [as such] assuring his return to the senate .

All these problems -- along with the case for subsidies -- would vanish if our sexual pasts could somehow be made visible , so that future partners could reward past prudence and thereby provide appropriate incentives .
all these problems -- along with the case for subsidies -- would vanish if our sexual pasts could somehow be made visible , so that future partners could reward past prudence and [as such] provide appropriate incentives .

Then if I were a dry cleaner , I would announce a uniform price of $ 5 for all shirts and blouses -- thereby attracting all the women 's business and none of the men 's .
then if i were a dry cleaner , i would announce a uniform price of $ 5 for all shirts and blouses -- [as such] attracting all the women 's business and none of the men 's .

Maybe seniors tend to drive cars with bigger gas tanks , so they buy 20 gallons at a time instead of 10 , thereby saving on the cost of processing credit cards .
maybe seniors tend to drive cars with bigger gas tanks , so they buy 20 gallons at a time instead of 10 , [as such] saving on the cost of processing credit cards .

In this scenario , discrimination at Texaco is indeed costly to those black employees who are thereby excluded from their ideal jobs or forced to accept lower wages in order to remain in those jobs .
in this scenario , discrimination at texaco is indeed costly to those black employees who are [as such] excluded from their ideal jobs or forced to accept lower wages in order to remain in those jobs .

In addition , they say , reduced government borrowing will also lessen competition with private companies for funds , thereby lowering interest rates .
in addition , they say , reduced government borrowing will also lessen competition with private companies for funds , [as such] lowering interest rates .

While admitting that the New Deal was confused and failed to halt the Depression , the magazine argues that Roosevelt `` restored Americans ' faith and hopes '' and thereby `` saved them from fear itself . ''
while admitting that the new deal was confused and failed to halt the depression , the magazine argues that roosevelt `` restored americans ' faith and hopes '' and [as such] `` saved them from fear itself . ''

He ( or she ) is wrong to conclude that I thereby vitiate my larger argument .
he ( or she ) is wrong to conclude that i [as such] vitiate my larger argument .

He negotiated a budget deal with Shas , an ultra-Orthodox party that controls a quarter of the coalition 's parliamentary seats , thereby averting Shas ' threatened withdrawal from the government .
he negotiated a budget deal with shas , an ultra-orthodox party that controls a quarter of the coalition 's parliamentary seats , [as such] averting shas ' threatened withdrawal from the government .

American skeptics worry that Putin might wield too much state power over the economy and society , thereby undermining both capitalism and democracy .
american skeptics worry that putin might wield too much state power over the economy and society , [as such] undermining both capitalism and democracy .

Malls conquered the retail economy by providing a selection of goods broad enough and cheap enough to gain consumers ' trust and thereby control their options .
malls conquered the retail economy by providing a selection of goods broad enough and cheap enough to gain consumers ' trust and [as such] control their options .

On many roads , driving at or below the limit puts you well below the speed of most traffic , thereby greatly increasing the chances of an accident .
on many roads , driving at or below the limit puts you well below the speed of most traffic , [as such] greatly increasing the chances of an accident .

At the beginning of the film , now in wide release , Berkowitz -- thirtyish and divorced and unable to get his directing career off the ground -- explains that he has received a sum of money from a private investor ( heard cursing the director via a hidden tape recorder ) to go on 20 dates with 20 attractive women and thereby capture something unglimpsed in commercial movies about the single life , the nature of love , etc. , etc. , ad nauseam .
at the beginning of the film , now in wide release , berkowitz -- thirtyish and divorced and unable to get his directing career off the ground -- explains that he has received a sum of money from a private investor ( heard cursing the director via a hidden tape recorder ) to go on 20 dates with 20 attractive women and [as such] capture something unglimpsed in commercial movies about the single life , the nature of love , etc. , etc. , ad nauseam .

Moreover , the longer he postpones his candidacy , the longer he deprives his rivals of a target , thereby starving them to death .
moreover , the longer he postpones his candidacy , the longer he deprives his rivals of a target , [as such] starving them to death .

Self-styled hawks fret that NATO will lose the war and thereby expose its impotence .
self-styled hawks fret that nato will lose the war and [as such] expose its impotence .

Clinton 's apologists are content to subsume the allegation of violence into a pattern of sex and thereby dismiss it as immaterial .
clinton 's apologists are content to subsume the allegation of violence into a pattern of sex and [as such] dismiss it as immaterial .

Murphy Brown was a loose and thoughtless woman , thereby being a rotten role model , and now Tinky Winky is sending secret messages .
murphy brown was a loose and thoughtless woman , [as such] being a rotten role model , and now tinky winky is sending secret messages .

The pedagogical camp , led by Bennett and Sen. Orrin Hatch , R-Utah , wants to unite the country in condemnation of Clinton 's behavior , thereby resolving the impeachment issue .
the pedagogical camp , led by bennett and sen. orrin hatch , r-utah , wants to unite the country in condemnation of clinton 's behavior , [as such] resolving the impeachment issue .

As even Steele-philes like Jeffrey Rosen of the New Republic acknowledge , Starr was trying to find out whether someone in Clinton 's camp might have somehow threatened to take away Steele 's adopted Romanian son , and thereby gotten her to change her story .
as even steele-philes like jeffrey rosen of the new republic acknowledge , starr was trying to find out whether someone in clinton 's camp might have somehow threatened to take away steele 's adopted romanian son , and [as such] gotten her to change her story .

People of good will can not begrudge those in genuine need , but the V pill is on its way to becoming a recreational drug , thereby creating ersatz libido , and thereby creating God only knows what problems .
people of good will can not begrudge those in genuine need , but the v pill is on its way to becoming a recreational drug , [as such] creating ersatz libido , and [as such] creating god only knows what problems .

Ideally , you would be able to include a gentleman you 've met independently in a function involving all the old friends , thereby making a statement .
ideally , you would be able to include a gentleman you 've met independently in a function involving all the old friends , [as such] making a statement .

Many bookstores sell New York Times best sellers at a discount , thereby generating even more sales for New York Times best sellers .
many bookstores sell new york times best sellers at a discount , [as such] generating even more sales for new york times best sellers .

E-cash can be used to facilitate a host of illegal businesses , including drug transactions , thereby eliminating the need for suitcases full of $ 100 bills .
e-cash can be used to facilitate a host of illegal businesses , including drug transactions , [as such] eliminating the need for suitcases full of $ 100 bills .

That act defines marriage for the purposes of federal law as the union of a man and a woman ( thereby denying federal spousal benefits to same-sex partners ) and permits states to deny recognition to same-sex marriages performed in other states .
that act defines marriage for the purposes of federal law as the union of a man and a woman ( [as such] denying federal spousal benefits to same-sex partners ) and permits states to deny recognition to same-sex marriages performed in other states .

Book agents say that publishers exaggerate the impact of advances , hoping thereby to drive the demand for big advances down .
book agents say that publishers exaggerate the impact of advances , hoping [as such] to drive the demand for big advances down .

We do n't make him pay the price for his dalliances , thereby convincing him that the risk is worth it .
we do n't make him pay the price for his dalliances , [as such] convincing him that the risk is worth it .

It is charged ( by knee-jerk Slate haters and paid apologists for our rivals ) that by including a free umbrella with each subscription to Slate , we are attempting to extend our current dominant position in online poetry-read-aloud into the market for umbrellas , thereby stifling innovation in this crucial field .
it is charged ( by knee-jerk slate haters and paid apologists for our rivals ) that by including a free umbrella with each subscription to slate , we are attempting to extend our current dominant position in online poetry-read-aloud into the market for umbrellas , [as such] stifling innovation in this crucial field .

We thereby avoid the tiresome issue of whether anything improper actually has occurred .
we [as such] avoid the tiresome issue of whether anything improper actually has occurred .

The Clinton administration had asserted a `` protective function privilege , '' which would preclude Secret Service testimony on the grounds that if the president thought his agents might testify against him , he might keep them at a distance , thereby endangering his safety .
the clinton administration had asserted a `` protective function privilege , '' which would preclude secret service testimony on the grounds that if the president thought his agents might testify against him , he might keep them at a distance , [as such] endangering his safety .

The ad argues that Clinton cut taxes , thereby confronting both the tax issue and the conventional wisdom about him and his party .
the ad argues that clinton cut taxes , [as such] confronting both the tax issue and the conventional wisdom about him and his party .

It says Intel denied three companies information about its chips ( which they needed in order to develop products for the 80 percent of computers that are based on Intel chips ) , thereby forcing them to accept Intel 's terms for use of their patented technologies .
it says intel denied three companies information about its chips ( which they needed in order to develop products for the 80 percent of computers that are based on intel chips ) , [as such] forcing them to accept intel 's terms for use of their patented technologies .

The punch line : She won the case by looking sexy while pregnant throughout the trial , thereby convincing jurors that she could credibly have played her TV vixen role while pregnant .
the punch line : she won the case by looking sexy while pregnant throughout the trial , [as such] convincing jurors that she could credibly have played her tv vixen role while pregnant .

Israeli cynics said that Netanyahu was counting on Palestinian cynics to reject the plan , so that he 'd get credit for offering it ( thereby appeasing the United States ) without having to fulfill it ( thereby appeasing Israeli right-wingers ) .
israeli cynics said that netanyahu was counting on palestinian cynics to reject the plan , so that he 'd get credit for offering it ( [as such] appeasing the united states ) without having to fulfill it ( [as such] appeasing israeli right-wingers ) .

The U.S. government denounced Farrakhan 's trip , thereby helping him promote it .
the u.s. government denounced farrakhan 's trip , [as such] helping him promote it .

This enabled Israel apologists to denounce the linkage , thereby diverting attention from Israeli intransigence .
this enabled israel apologists to denounce the linkage , [as such] diverting attention from israeli intransigence .

Rush Limbaugh , Ollie North , and Gordon Liddy made hay of the story , and several congressional Republicans demanded investigations , thereby entitling the mainstream press to wade in .
rush limbaugh , ollie north , and gordon liddy made hay of the story , and several congressional republicans demanded investigations , [as such] entitling the mainstream press to wade in .

It would raise the price of cigarettes ( thereby ostensibly discouraging youth smoking ) by imposing half a billion dollars in fees on tobacco companies to support anti-smoking education , research , health care , and cessation programs .
it would raise the price of cigarettes ( [as such] ostensibly discouraging youth smoking ) by imposing half a billion dollars in fees on tobacco companies to support anti-smoking education , research , health care , and cessation programs .

Members of Congress rushed forward to tell reporters how close they had come to being in the vicinity and , thereby , to possibly getting shot .
members of congress rushed forward to tell reporters how close they had come to being in the vicinity and , [as such] , to possibly getting shot .

Japan 's ruling Liberal Democratic Party selected Foreign Minister Keizo Obuchi to lead the LDP and thereby become prime minister .
japan 's ruling liberal democratic party selected foreign minister keizo obuchi to lead the ldp and [as such] become prime minister .

We owe a debt to the philosopher David Hume for persuading Gibbon to take such notational material out of the back of his volumes and to print it at the bottom of the relevant pages -- thereby turning end notes into foot notes , and allowing Gibbon more effectively to drop the other shoe .
we owe a debt to the philosopher david hume for persuading gibbon to take such notational material out of the back of his volumes and to print it at the bottom of the relevant pages -- [as such] turning end notes into foot notes , and allowing gibbon more effectively to drop the other shoe .

Irish manuscript traditions went on to influence the whole Western world , and the separation of words became a universal convention -- thereby making silent reading practical .
irish manuscript traditions went on to influence the whole western world , and the separation of words became a universal convention -- [as such] making silent reading practical .

It thereby marks another stage in the decline of cultural `` gatekeeping '' -- the control over what is deemed worthy ( as opposed to merely popular ) long exerted by critics , educators , repertory programmers , film historians , and so forth .
it [as such] marks another stage in the decline of cultural `` gatekeeping '' -- the control over what is deemed worthy ( as opposed to merely popular ) long exerted by critics , educators , repertory programmers , film historians , and so forth .

Eponymous terms allow almost anyone to display competence , even brilliance , at coining useful and appropriate-sounding new words -- thereby encouraging further attempts to do so .
eponymous terms allow almost anyone to display competence , even brilliance , at coining useful and appropriate-sounding new words -- [as such] encouraging further attempts to do so .

Yesterday an astronaut mistakenly unplugged a critical cable , thereby disabling the craft 's guidance system and causing a power loss .
yesterday an astronaut mistakenly unplugged a critical cable , [as such] disabling the craft 's guidance system and causing a power loss .

To support him would be to support his denials , thereby making them `` enablers . ''
to support him would be to support his denials , [as such] making them `` enablers . ''

After all , if the currency is falling , wo n't investors be motivated to take what they 've got and convert it to a more stable currency before things get worse , thereby putting more pressure on the real ?
after all , if the currency is falling , wo n't investors be motivated to take what they 've got and convert it to a more stable currency before things get worse , [as such] putting more pressure on the real ?

Oddly , the story does n't say what rights will thereby be protected , although presumably they wo n't include the right to intestinally offload onto the liquor cart ( an actual incident ) .
oddly , the story does n't say what rights will [as such] be protected , although presumably they wo n't include the right to intestinally offload onto the liquor cart ( an actual incident ) .

Both the New York Times and the Los Angeles Times lead with yesterday 's revelation that a special House committee 's secret report concludes that over the past two decades American companies have transferred significant amounts of military technology to China , thereby damaging U.S. national security .
both the new york times and the los angeles times lead with yesterday 's revelation that a special house committee 's secret report concludes that over the past two decades american companies have transferred significant amounts of military technology to china , [as such] damaging u.s. national security .

USAT puts it on page 12 , thereby enabling it to get on instead with Day Two of Michael Jordan is God and God is Dead , with not just a combination lead and `` cover story '' but also an 8-page `` pullout keepsake '' and two other stories inside .
usat puts it on page 12 , [as such] enabling it to get on instead with day two of michael jordan is god and god is dead , with not just a combination lead and `` cover story '' but also an 8-page `` pullout keepsake '' and two other stories inside .

The papers report that one idea being kicked around by senators is one vote on whether the charges against Clinton are true and another on whether he should thereby be removed from office .
the papers report that one idea being kicked around by senators is one vote on whether the charges against clinton are true and another on whether he should [as such] be removed from office .

The NYT reports that GM plans to run its factories around the clock , thereby compensating for lost production , perhaps even recouping half its lost profits .
the nyt reports that gm plans to run its factories around the clock , [as such] compensating for lost production , perhaps even recouping half its lost profits .

The LAT sees a `` composed '' chief executive offering `` new insights '' into his version of events , while USAT stresses that the initial reaction of the public and Congress prompted by the tape suggested that Clinton 's risk of impeachment was not thereby increased .
the lat sees a `` composed '' chief executive offering `` new insights '' into his version of events , while usat stresses that the initial reaction of the public and congress prompted by the tape suggested that clinton 's risk of impeachment was not [as such] increased .

Earlier in this century , pansy became a derogatory epithet to describe an effete male , thereby cheapening forever lines like Shelley 's noble image in Adonais ( verse XXXIII ) :
earlier in this century , pansy became a derogatory epithet to describe an effete male , [as such] cheapening forever lines like shelley 's noble image in adonais ( verse xxxiii ) :

In this instance , indeed , the impact of the novel was so great that any reference to the quotation for the past half century could not help evoking both the Hemingway story and the Donne passage -- which was thereby given an entirely fresh currency .
in this instance , indeed , the impact of the novel was so great that any reference to the quotation for the past half century could not help evoking both the hemingway story and the donne passage -- which was [as such] given an entirely fresh currency .

Most groups go too far , partly because the obscurity of their jargon sets them apart from others , thereby increasing their prestige .
most groups go too far , partly because the obscurity of their jargon sets them apart from others , [as such] increasing their prestige .

The Oxford Dictionary of New Words Neologisms It is always interesting to see the publication of two competing books on the same subject appear at the same time , for the reviewer is thereby given the opportunity to “ compare and/or contrast ” them .
the oxford dictionary of new words neologisms it is always interesting to see the publication of two competing books on the same subject appear at the same time , for the reviewer is [as such] given the opportunity to “ compare and/or contrast ” them .

Wodehouse , thereby assuring my brother Jim and me of an invitation to audition for James Whale .
wodehouse , [as such] assuring my brother jim and me of an invitation to audition for james whale .

The matter is much more serious , for Prof. Skeat has thereby been led to attribute to himself entirely a derivation for the word Cambridge which I propounded , both in N. & Q. and in the Athenæum , so far back as 1869 ... .
the matter is much more serious , for prof. skeat has [as such] been led to attribute to himself entirely a derivation for the word cambridge which i propounded , both in n. & q. and in the athenæum , so far back as 1869 ... .

The allusion could be to a hand slapping the loaf , thereby producing a deep , hollow , fartlike sound .
the allusion could be to a hand slapping the loaf , [as such] producing a deep , hollow , fartlike sound .

That is to say , the meaning of a sentence could be signaled -- and thereby validated -- by the use of a sentence adverb such as moreover , indeed , or however .
that is to say , the meaning of a sentence could be signaled -- and [as such] validated -- by the use of a sentence adverb such as moreover , indeed , or however .

There can be no doubt whatever that with this development logical exposition could thereby become relentless .
there can be no doubt whatever that with this development logical exposition could [as such] become relentless .

Perhaps Dr. Ober , too , if I might venture a criticism at this point , has edged beyond the critical angle of irony , cutting it too fine in his approach and thereby risking a literal reading .
perhaps dr. ober , too , if i might venture a criticism at this point , has edged beyond the critical angle of irony , cutting it too fine in his approach and [as such] risking a literal reading .

Someone who speaks a prestigious dialect is thereby thought to be honest , clean , trustworthy and admirable .
someone who speaks a prestigious dialect is [as such] thought to be honest , clean , trustworthy and admirable .

As I was not at the symposium , I can only assume that the symposiasts concerned themselves less ( if at all ) with the problem of trying to urge editors to engage professional lexicographers as reviewers than with the effort of trying to ensure that editors be provided with certain guidelines on How To Review A Dictionary , which they fondly expect would be passed on to the selected amateur reviewers thereby making them competent , professional reviewers , a forlorn hope at best .
as i was not at the symposium , i can only assume that the symposiasts concerned themselves less ( if at all ) with the problem of trying to urge editors to engage professional lexicographers as reviewers than with the effort of trying to ensure that editors be provided with certain guidelines on how to review a dictionary , which they fondly expect would be passed on to the selected amateur reviewers [as such] making them competent , professional reviewers , a forlorn hope at best .

I submit that he does so because he knows he will thereby communicate more effectively .
i submit that he does so because he knows he will [as such] communicate more effectively .

The program rejected the word practicalities and suggested “ proctolitis ” in its place , thereby neatly illustrating my contention that spelling checkers , as reliable aids to cleaning up one 's copy , are a pain in the ass .
the program rejected the word practicalities and suggested “ proctolitis ” in its place , [as such] neatly illustrating my contention that spelling checkers , as reliable aids to cleaning up one 's copy , are a pain in the ass .

These discoveries resulted in the theory of models , the clothing worn by whom gradually shrank to zero , thereby enabling Abe Robinson to prove the existence of infinitesimals , with predictable consequences in the physiognomy of certain members of the audience .
these discoveries resulted in the theory of models , the clothing worn by whom gradually shrank to zero , [as such] enabling abe robinson to prove the existence of infinitesimals , with predictable consequences in the physiognomy of certain members of the audience .

Unfortunately , his addiction to this controlled substance led eventually to his arrest on charges of drug abuse , thereby enabling Play-dough to counterfeit all of his ideas .
unfortunately , his addiction to this controlled substance led eventually to his arrest on charges of drug abuse , [as such] enabling play-dough to counterfeit all of his ideas .

Citations are particularly important in dictionaries of new words , not only in establishing a dated record , but to furnish context and thereby more clearly illustrate actual use -- essential for words that are by nature unfamiliar .
citations are particularly important in dictionaries of new words , not only in establishing a dated record , but to furnish context and [as such] more clearly illustrate actual use -- essential for words that are by nature unfamiliar .

