# previously

( B ) to finance , for not more than two years beyond the end of said period , such grants , contracts , cooperative agreements , and studies as may theretofore have been undertaken pursuant to this Act ; ;
( b ) to finance , for not more than two years beyond the end of said period , such grants , contracts , cooperative agreements , and studies as may [before that time] have been undertaken pursuant to this act ; ;

Upon such hearing , the Commission may affirm , modify , or revise its former action with respect to such claim , including a denial or reduction in the amount theretofore allowed with respect to such claim .
upon such hearing , the commission may affirm , modify , or revise its former action with respect to such claim , including a denial or reduction in the amount [before that time] allowed with respect to such claim .

‘ has liberated English public law from the fetters that the courts had theretofore imposed upon themselves so far as determinations of inferior courts and statutory tribunals were concerned , by drawing esoteric distinctions between errors of law committed by such tribunals that went to their jurisdiction , and errors of law committed by them within their jurisdiction .
‘ has liberated english public law from the fetters that the courts had [before that time] imposed upon themselves so far as determinations of inferior courts and statutory tribunals were concerned , by drawing esoteric distinctions between errors of law committed by such tribunals that went to their jurisdiction , and errors of law committed by them within their jurisdiction .

‘ has liberated English public law from the fetters that the courts had theretofore imposed upon themselves so far as determinations of inferior courts and statutory tribunals were concerned , by drawing esoteric distinctions between errors of law committed by such tribunals that went to their jurisdiction , and errors of law committed by them within their jurisdiction .
‘ has liberated english public law from the fetters that the courts had [before that time] imposed upon themselves so far as determinations of inferior courts and statutory tribunals were concerned , by drawing esoteric distinctions between errors of law committed by such tribunals that went to their jurisdiction , and errors of law committed by them within their jurisdiction .

The Portuguese also sailed down the west coast of Africa , going beyond Cape Bojador in 1434 , a feat theretofore considered to be impossible .
the portuguese also sailed down the west coast of africa , going beyond cape bojador in 1434 , a feat [before that time] considered to be impossible .

Would Mellinkoff banish such useful words as heretofore , theretofore , hereto , and therefor ?
would mellinkoff banish such useful words as heretofore , [before that time] , hereto , and therefor ?

