Interfaith conflicts which spring from psychological deficiencies are the most unfortunate of all , for they have no redeeming features whatsoever .
interfaith conflicts which spring from psychological deficiencies are the most unfortunate of all , for they have no redeeming features [at all] .

This circumstance in the patient's case plus the fact that his tactual capacity remained basically in sound working order constitutes its exceptional value for the problem at hand since the evidence presented by the authors is overwhelming that , when the patient closed his eyes , he had absolutely no spatial ( that is , third-dimensional ) awareness whatsoever .
this circumstance in the patient's case plus the fact that his tactual capacity remained basically in sound working order constitutes its exceptional value for the problem at hand since the evidence presented by the authors is overwhelming that , when the patient closed his eyes , he had absolutely no spatial ( that is , third-dimensional ) awareness [at all] .

Obviously , a satisfactory answer to the third question is imperative , if the argument is to get under way at all , for if there is any possibility of doubt whether the patient's tactual sensitivity had been impaired by the occipital lesion , any findings whatsoever in regard to the first question become completely ambiguous and fail altogether , of course , as evidence to establish the desired conclusion .
obviously , a satisfactory answer to the third question is imperative , if the argument is to get under way at all , for if there is any possibility of doubt whether the patient's tactual sensitivity had been impaired by the occipital lesion , any findings [at all] in regard to the first question become completely ambiguous and fail altogether , of course , as evidence to establish the desired conclusion .

that is , to show no curiosity whatsoever .
that is , to show no curiosity [at all] .

`` Every month , f'r three days '' , he said happily , `` I take no water into my system , no water whatsoever .
`` every month , f'r three days '' , he said happily , `` i take no water into my system , no water [at all] .

No return address whatsoever .
no return address [at all] .

No comment whatsoever .
no comment [at all] .

The health authority says it still does n't understand what went wrong , but it denies acting negligently in any way whatsoever .
the health authority says it still does n't understand what went wrong , but it denies acting negligently in any way [at all] .

Welcome back : For hundreds of years people with more money than sense have been putting up strange buildings on their land that seem to have no point whatsoever .
welcome back : for hundreds of years people with more money than sense have been putting up strange buildings on their land that seem to have no point [at all] .

And it would have made no difference whatsoever to last night 's crash .
and it would have made no difference [at all] to last night 's crash .

erm And then we go turn around and beat a league division side three side , or a league division four side with no problem whatsoever ; it 's just inconsistency .
erm and then we go turn around and beat a league division side three side , or a league division four side with no problem [at all] ; it 's just inconsistency .

No problem whatsoever ! Erm but she 's got er girls this one is , lady 's six foot three ! And she found it terribly difficult to get dresses !
no problem [at all] ! erm but she 's got er girls this one is , lady 's six foot three ! and she found it terribly difficult to get dresses !

None whatsoever . In fact they should be ashamed of themselves
none [at all] . in fact they should be ashamed of themselves

No hassle whatsoever !
no hassle [at all] !

There 's no doubt whatsoever about that .
there 's no doubt [at all] about that .

they 're just crazy people and very hypocritical , very hypocritical , there 's no respect for them whatsoever
they 're just crazy people and very hypocritical , very hypocritical , there 's no respect for them [at all]

Sounds like you had no brake pad in it whatsoever !
sounds like you had no brake pad in it [at all] !

But , you know , the situation is difficult in that if the people did move in there 's not a lot you can do about it because it would mean that you would have to surrender the lease , which means you 've let the guarantors off the hook for paying the then and you 're left without a tenant whatsoever .
but , you know , the situation is difficult in that if the people did move in there 's not a lot you can do about it because it would mean that you would have to surrender the lease , which means you 've let the guarantors off the hook for paying the then and you 're left without a tenant [at all] .

She turns round and you say something in then goes you know with absolutely no whatsoever and she turns round and goes like that like Jay does .
she turns round and you say something in then goes you know with absolutely no [at all] and she turns round and goes like that like jay does .

Yeah . But it has n't got anything going for it , basically , whatsoever
yeah . but it has n't got anything going for it , basically , [at all]

regarding a fire it 's no good whatsoever , he says your trouble you 're not getting a draught from your
regarding a fire it 's no good [at all] , he says your trouble you 're not getting a draught from your

That 's , no news whatsoever .
that 's , no news [at all] .

because there was nothing no signature whatsoever .
because there was nothing no signature [at all] .

‘ The minister emphasised to the papal nuncio that remarks of this kind do no justice whatsoever to the content of the Dutch euthanasia legislation , ’ the ministry said in a statement .
‘ the minister emphasised to the papal nuncio that remarks of this kind do no justice [at all] to the content of the dutch euthanasia legislation , ’ the ministry said in a statement .

This is proven by the fact that they have recently given the go-ahead to introduce a wheelie-bin scheme which envisages no recycling whatsoever and at a cost to poll tax payers of £1.25m .
this is proven by the fact that they have recently given the go-ahead to introduce a wheelie-bin scheme which envisages no recycling [at all] and at a cost to poll tax payers of £1.25m .

There are four interviews and reported comments with supporters of the latter and none whatsoever for the former .
there are four interviews and reported comments with supporters of the latter and none [at all] for the former .

But his assertion that a Scottish parliament should have some say over the siting on Trident nuclear missiles in Scotland brought an angry Mr Hughes to the rostrum : ‘ Let's not get dragged down the back alleys of stupid silly little constitutional issues which are doing this party no good whatsoever . ’
but his assertion that a scottish parliament should have some say over the siting on trident nuclear missiles in scotland brought an angry mr hughes to the rostrum : ‘ let's not get dragged down the back alleys of stupid silly little constitutional issues which are doing this party no good [at all] . ’

‘ We had no hesitation in coming out , none whatsoever .
‘ we had no hesitation in coming out , none [at all] .

‘ £1 billion on industry as a recovery package , any economist will tell you , that will make no impact whatsoever , it 's a sticking plaster over a lack of policy . ’
‘ £1 billion on industry as a recovery package , any economist will tell you , that will make no impact [at all] , it 's a sticking plaster over a lack of policy . ’

He said after visiting the police incident room : ‘ Every inhabitant of this country feels very deeply over this quite senseless attack on a town which has no involvement whatsoever in whatever crazy cause the people involved thought they were pursuing .
he said after visiting the police incident room : ‘ every inhabitant of this country feels very deeply over this quite senseless attack on a town which has no involvement [at all] in whatever crazy cause the people involved thought they were pursuing .

Mr Jameson said : ‘ There is absolutely no doubt whatsoever that they died for £5 — because one smoke detector would have alerted them . ’
mr jameson said : ‘ there is absolutely no doubt [at all] that they died for £5 — because one smoke detector would have alerted them . ’

Nigel Jones , a civilian employee with Darlington police , said he had no doubt whatsoever Betteridge was in the Route 66 bar .
nigel jones , a civilian employee with darlington police , said he had no doubt [at all] betteridge was in the route 66 bar .

This is proven by the fact that they have recently given the go-ahead to introduce a wheelie-bin scheme which envisages no recycling whatsoever and at a cost to poll tax payers of £1.25m .
this is proven by the fact that they have recently given the go-ahead to introduce a wheelie-bin scheme which envisages no recycling [at all] and at a cost to poll tax payers of £1.25m .

Here are the facts : For the first 40 years of its existence , the blood transfusion authority in Scotland provided the private sector with blood on request and without making any charge whatsoever .
here are the facts : for the first 40 years of its existence , the blood transfusion authority in scotland provided the private sector with blood on request and without making any charge [at all] .

If anyone is in any doubt as to whether or not a fox suffers when hunted by hounds , they should contact the League Against Cruel Sports to arrange to view their videos locally they will be left in no doubt whatsoever about the cruelty inflicted .
if anyone is in any doubt as to whether or not a fox suffers when hunted by hounds , they should contact the league against cruel sports to arrange to view their videos locally they will be left in no doubt [at all] about the cruelty inflicted .

The latter group have been given no consideration whatsoever .
the latter group have been given no consideration [at all] .

He said at no time was Paul Jones ever hit with a cane or whip , at no time was he tied upside down and hit , he was never forced to get up early to feed the animals , or ill-treated in any way whatsoever .
he said at no time was paul jones ever hit with a cane or whip , at no time was he tied upside down and hit , he was never forced to get up early to feed the animals , or ill-treated in any way [at all] .

Mr Teague said that at no time was Paul Jones ever hit with a cane or whip , at no time was he tied upside down and hit , he was never forced to get up early to feed the animals , or ill-treated in any way whatsoever .
mr teague said that at no time was paul jones ever hit with a cane or whip , at no time was he tied upside down and hit , he was never forced to get up early to feed the animals , or ill-treated in any way [at all] .

We have no money whatsoever in the ‘ kitty ’ and things are at a very early stage of development .
we have no money [at all] in the ‘ kitty ’ and things are at a very early stage of development .

In 1989 , a third of the British workforce have had no training whatsoever at any stage of their working lives .
in 1989 , a third of the british workforce have had no training [at all] at any stage of their working lives .

It ca n't bother her Bev because the amount of noise that we get through the walls is so bad and she 's in it , she 's actually there with the animals barking , so she takes no notice whatsoever of them
it ca n't bother her bev because the amount of noise that we get through the walls is so bad and she 's in it , she 's actually there with the animals barking , so she takes no notice [at all] of them

any figure whatsoever .
any figure [at all] .

‘ He has no history of heart trouble whatsoever , ’ she added .
‘ he has no history of heart trouble [at all] , ’ she added .

This was no fancy twist and turn . Looping the loop is a perfectly normal manoeuvere for this sort of aircraft and there 's no reason whatsoever why it should n't be demonstrated to the public
this was no fancy twist and turn . looping the loop is a perfectly normal manoeuvere for this sort of aircraft and there 's no reason [at all] why it should n't be demonstrated to the public

He says apart from drill in the sense of head-counts , turn your back to the blast area and sitting on the ground covering your eyes and so on — none whatsoever .
he says apart from drill in the sense of head-counts , turn your back to the blast area and sitting on the ground covering your eyes and so on — none [at all] .

This is one of the most important effects in low temperature physics , the fact that electrons , in many metals , go into a superconducting state in which they have no resistance whatsoever , no electrical resistance .
this is one of the most important effects in low temperature physics , the fact that electrons , in many metals , go into a superconducting state in which they have no resistance [at all] , no electrical resistance .

You get the same kind of picture you can get with X-rays , with what 's reckoned to be no harm whatsoever .
you get the same kind of picture you can get with x-rays , with what 's reckoned to be no harm [at all] .

None whatsoever .
none [at all] .

And then if you do the sums there 's no difficulty whatsoever in imagining the evolution of a specific optimal protein , one amino acid at a time , not in millions of years but even in thousands of years — it 's not a serious mathematical problem .
and then if you do the sums there 's no difficulty [at all] in imagining the evolution of a specific optimal protein , one amino acid at a time , not in millions of years but even in thousands of years — it 's not a serious mathematical problem .

No , no difference whatsoever .
no , no difference [at all] .

We er teeter on the edge of er a crisis virtually at the end of every day and if action is , and strong action is not taken very very quickly , er we have no doubt whatsoever , that the already serious level of , of er incidents within the prison system will escalate totally out of control .
we er teeter on the edge of er a crisis virtually at the end of every day and if action is , and strong action is not taken very very quickly , er we have no doubt [at all] , that the already serious level of , of er incidents within the prison system will escalate totally out of control .

Nursing staff on some of those areas that we would pick out — those would be the intensive care units , the children 's units , the delivery suites and special care baby units — the nursing staff actually have control of permits which they can issue to relatives who are going to be here for a great length of time , and if they so feel that these relatives should n't be charged , they give them a permit and they park in a staff area at no charge whatsoever .
nursing staff on some of those areas that we would pick out — those would be the intensive care units , the children 's units , the delivery suites and special care baby units — the nursing staff actually have control of permits which they can issue to relatives who are going to be here for a great length of time , and if they so feel that these relatives should n't be charged , they give them a permit and they park in a staff area at no charge [at all] .

No worries , no noise , no hassle whatsoever .
no worries , no noise , no hassle [at all] .

‘ None whatsoever . ’
‘ none [at all] . ’

Because we get no sun in this room whatsoever
because we get no sun in this room [at all]

Er none whatsoever .
er none [at all] .

No idea whatsoever .
no idea [at all] .

None whatsoever .
none [at all] .

It was a stretched Telecaster , using the same ‘ slab ’ ash body with no contouring whatsoever , while its elongated top horn extended to above the twelfth fret and offered good balance for an instrument of its considerable weight .
it was a stretched telecaster , using the same ‘ slab ’ ash body with no contouring [at all] , while its elongated top horn extended to above the twelfth fret and offered good balance for an instrument of its considerable weight .

‘ No , no drums whatsoever — just feet on the boards and handclaps . ’
‘ no , no drums [at all] — just feet on the boards and handclaps . ’

Myra told me that , until the previous year , she would have thought that nothing whatsoever had occurred in her childhood which could have caused her revulsion to physical contact .
myra told me that , until the previous year , she would have thought that nothing [at all] had occurred in her childhood which could have caused her revulsion to physical contact .

It was only as the girl grew older and she realized that her mother was simply mouthing words and had no intention whatsoever of carrying out her threat that she had begun to be able to relax and enjoy what was left of her childhood .
it was only as the girl grew older and she realized that her mother was simply mouthing words and had no intention [at all] of carrying out her threat that she had begun to be able to relax and enjoy what was left of her childhood .

‘ Kiss 's role is totally meaningless — absolutely devoid of any meaning whatsoever .
‘ kiss 's role is totally meaningless — absolutely devoid of any meaning [at all] .

This patient just wants to sit miserably by the fire , warming the back , or to lie tucked up cosily in bed , and does not want to move around or to make any effort whatsoever .
this patient just wants to sit miserably by the fire , warming the back , or to lie tucked up cosily in bed , and does not want to move around or to make any effort [at all] .

With enough graphic violence ( face slashing , gut piercing etc ) to exclude younger viewers and nothing whatsoever to lure anyone over the age of 14 , this is a film which aims for ( and hits ) a totally non-existent target audience . Bullseye !
with enough graphic violence ( face slashing , gut piercing etc ) to exclude younger viewers and nothing [at all] to lure anyone over the age of 14 , this is a film which aims for ( and hits ) a totally non-existent target audience . bullseye !

He was an Alsatian/Labrador cross and Dawn , perhaps because she could see that he was just a big , overweight softie and no threat whatsoever , dropped her defences and began to relax in his company .
he was an alsatian/labrador cross and dawn , perhaps because she could see that he was just a big , overweight softie and no threat [at all] , dropped her defences and began to relax in his company .

If an employee leaves the company for any reason whatsoever , the mortgage allowance will cease immediately .
if an employee leaves the company for any reason [at all] , the mortgage allowance will cease immediately .

His face betrayed no emotion whatsoever .
his face betrayed no emotion [at all] .

And can you prepare French Fries so that they contain no cholesterol whatsoever ?
and can you prepare french fries so that they contain no cholesterol [at all] ?

He described the celebration of saints ' days and festivals as manifestations of the ‘ splendid outward dignity of our religion , forcible witnesses of ancient truth , provocations to the exercise of all piety , shadows of our endless felicity in heaven … wherein they which can not be drawn to hearken unto what we teach may only by looking upon that we do , in a manner read whatsoever we believe ’ .
he described the celebration of saints ' days and festivals as manifestations of the ‘ splendid outward dignity of our religion , forcible witnesses of ancient truth , provocations to the exercise of all piety , shadows of our endless felicity in heaven … wherein they which can not be drawn to hearken unto what we teach may only by looking upon that we do , in a manner read [at all] we believe ’ .

Pc John Atherton said : ‘ We have no information whatsoever about these .
pc john atherton said : ‘ we have no information [at all] about these .

‘ This Budget has given me no confidence to spend whatsoever , ’ Mr Ingram said .
‘ this budget has given me no confidence to spend [at all] , ’ mr ingram said .

There is no truth whatsoever to any suggestion that he is anything less than lustily heterosexual ( and spousally loyal to boot ) .
there is no truth [at all] to any suggestion that he is anything less than lustily heterosexual ( and spousally loyal to boot ) .

Conor rarely did as he was told , was never on time , was always involved in some new scheme , but had absolutely no worries whatsoever about obligations , responsibilities or debts , because , as he always insisted , ‘ it 's all sorted ’ .
conor rarely did as he was told , was never on time , was always involved in some new scheme , but had absolutely no worries [at all] about obligations , responsibilities or debts , because , as he always insisted , ‘ it 's all sorted ’ .

These nine children were allowed no crumbs of comfort whatsoever .
these nine children were allowed no crumbs of comfort [at all] .

No fewer than twenty-two countries were without any printed daily paper whatsoever .
no fewer than twenty-two countries were without any printed daily paper [at all] .

Similarly , if an employee can not continue to work , because of an incapacitating illness , for example , no notice whatsoever is needed .
similarly , if an employee can not continue to work , because of an incapacitating illness , for example , no notice [at all] is needed .

This had nothing whatsoever to do with fabrics , referring instead to an alternative to upholstery nails : tin-dipped filigree stamped iron available in rolls of — it must be presumed — twenty yards , a length sufficient to outline the lid , sides and ends of a coffin , such as that on the outer case of Lord Vere Bertie ( d.1770 ) in the Wray vault at All Saints ' , Branston , in Lincolnshire .
this had nothing [at all] to do with fabrics , referring instead to an alternative to upholstery nails : tin-dipped filigree stamped iron available in rolls of — it must be presumed — twenty yards , a length sufficient to outline the lid , sides and ends of a coffin , such as that on the outer case of lord vere bertie ( d.1770 ) in the wray vault at all saints ' , branston , in lincolnshire .

Merton , the lightning-quick deadpan potato-head who would always claim someone in the crowd shouted ‘ porn ’ as a suggested film style and then would do 25 jokes in as many seconds which had nothing whatsoever to do with sweaty shagging .
merton , the lightning-quick deadpan potato-head who would always claim someone in the crowd shouted ‘ porn ’ as a suggested film style and then would do 25 jokes in as many seconds which had nothing [at all] to do with sweaty shagging .

There was no other reason whatsoever .
there was no other reason [at all] .

‘ Have you , ’ he enquired , ‘ thought how many women there must be in this country who are giving birth this very minute who know nothing about babies , but will have to cope without any help whatsoever ? ’
‘ have you , ’ he enquired , ‘ thought how many women there must be in this country who are giving birth this very minute who know nothing about babies , but will have to cope without any help [at all] ? ’

The only thing which stopped him from making an outright proposal of marriage was the knowledge that he had no security to offer whatsoever .
the only thing which stopped him from making an outright proposal of marriage was the knowledge that he had no security to offer [at all] .

Both anonymous respondents claimed that both events had had no impact whatsoever on their recruiting .
both anonymous respondents claimed that both events had had no impact [at all] on their recruiting .

Many candidates would think nothing of taking advantage of headhunters by accepting a free overseas trip and free entertainment such as drinks , lunch or dinner , whilst having no intention whatsoever of changing jobs .
many candidates would think nothing of taking advantage of headhunters by accepting a free overseas trip and free entertainment such as drinks , lunch or dinner , whilst having no intention [at all] of changing jobs .

An Inquisitor could commandeer whatsoever he wished ; and Jaq had provisioned his own ship exquisitely .
an inquisitor could commandeer [at all] he wished ; and jaq had provisioned his own ship exquisitely .

Warnock 's example , and its supporting analysis , might well be grounds for arguing that any living creature whatsoever might see anything .
warnock 's example , and its supporting analysis , might well be grounds for arguing that any living creature [at all] might see anything .

This is one of the few Lakeland crags to face due north and receives virtually no sun whatsoever .
this is one of the few lakeland crags to face due north and receives virtually no sun [at all] .

Unfortunately all studies of sex difference in every field whatsoever carry this kind of danger .
unfortunately all studies of sex difference in every field [at all] carry this kind of danger .

But in many cases women object to any feminine title whatsoever , on the grounds that the feminine gender inherently downgrades any office to which it refers .
but in many cases women object to any feminine title [at all] , on the grounds that the feminine gender inherently downgrades any office to which it refers .

There is no difficulty in this whatsoever so long as you keep the silver piece level with the needles .
there is no difficulty in this [at all] so long as you keep the silver piece level with the needles .

They are not going to say a thing that can help Portland in any way whatsoever .
they are not going to say a thing that can help portland in any way [at all] .

We have tried everything and there 's no response whatsoever .
we have tried everything and there 's no response [at all] .

This was the sort of shop he liked , with its range of hand made jewellery in the oriental tradition , prints and puppets , and odd items of no functional use whatsoever , but attractive in that they reflected a long vanished Eastern culture .
this was the sort of shop he liked , with its range of hand made jewellery in the oriental tradition , prints and puppets , and odd items of no functional use [at all] , but attractive in that they reflected a long vanished eastern culture .

Unfortunately , some of their riders then did them no favours whatsoever by steering for the rail and getting them penned in the pack .
unfortunately , some of their riders then did them no favours [at all] by steering for the rail and getting them penned in the pack .

There is no question of any impropriety whatsoever .
there is no question of any impropriety [at all] .

As you might imagine , the family is at pains to have no contact with our embassy whatsoever .
as you might imagine , the family is at pains to have no contact with our embassy [at all] .

‘ As a vacuum cleaner salesman he has no sex appeal whatsoever , ’ she said . ‘ But as a Bill Clinton character you are talking about a new ball game …
‘ as a vacuum cleaner salesman he has no sex appeal [at all] , ’ she said . ‘ but as a bill clinton character you are talking about a new ball game …

‘ None whatsoever , ’ Louise said cheerfully , ‘ and that certainly is not what your mother wants .
‘ none [at all] , ’ louise said cheerfully , ‘ and that certainly is not what your mother wants .

All one can say about the legend of Mu is that it was invented recently and has no scientific backing whatsoever .
all one can say about the legend of mu is that it was invented recently and has no scientific backing [at all] .

There is no need whatsoever to spend large amounts of money on flower pressing equipment , since the majority of items are either very inexpensive or are things you may already have around the house .
there is no need [at all] to spend large amounts of money on flower pressing equipment , since the majority of items are either very inexpensive or are things you may already have around the house .

There is no truth whatsoever to the malicious rumours .
there is no truth [at all] to the malicious rumours .

‘ Class ’ of vehicle shall be construed as reference to a class defined or described by reference to any characteristics of the vehicles or to any other circumstances whatsoever ( section 192 ( 3 ) Road Traffic Act 1988 ) .
‘ class ’ of vehicle shall be construed as reference to a class defined or described by reference to any characteristics of the vehicles or to any other circumstances [at all] ( section 192 ( 3 ) road traffic act 1988 ) .

Isaiah used the Hebrew word almah , which simply means ‘ a young woman ’ and carries no sexual meaning whatsoever .
isaiah used the hebrew word almah , which simply means ‘ a young woman ’ and carries no sexual meaning [at all] .

‘ We have no plans whatsoever to let Malcolm slip out of our grasp , ’ said Rovers vice-chairman Geoff Dunford yesterday .
‘ we have no plans [at all] to let malcolm slip out of our grasp , ’ said rovers vice-chairman geoff dunford yesterday .

Cumberland , which claims its mortgage arrears are 45 % less than the national average and made no mortgage loss whatsoever , provided £528,540 ( v £56,400 ) against loans , advances and guarantees in the year ended 31 March 1992 .
cumberland , which claims its mortgage arrears are 45 % less than the national average and made no mortgage loss [at all] , provided £528,540 ( v £56,400 ) against loans , advances and guarantees in the year ended 31 march 1992 .

The materialistic , scientific view of life processes has achieved no success whatsoever in endeavouring to answer how living systems are able to maintain their forms through continually changing conditions , or how growth is planned or organised .
the materialistic , scientific view of life processes has achieved no success [at all] in endeavouring to answer how living systems are able to maintain their forms through continually changing conditions , or how growth is planned or organised .

Once again , it is the existence of a state of coherence between field frequencies that constitutes the cause of cancer : nothing can be effectively subjected to any influence whatsoever if the subject is not of the same nature as the influence , and the ancient statement ‘ all is energy ’ is the most meaningful contribution that emphasizes the primary , fundamental nature of all phenomena in the created world and the basis of interaction between all things .
once again , it is the existence of a state of coherence between field frequencies that constitutes the cause of cancer : nothing can be effectively subjected to any influence [at all] if the subject is not of the same nature as the influence , and the ancient statement ‘ all is energy ’ is the most meaningful contribution that emphasizes the primary , fundamental nature of all phenomena in the created world and the basis of interaction between all things .

For example , it is surprising that as many as 19 % of the top 100 companies provided no notes whatsoever .
for example , it is surprising that as many as 19 % of the top 100 companies provided no notes [at all] .

You still have to be on top of your stuff , though — judges expect a certain level of competence to staging a little-girl-lost act in court will do no good whatsoever .
you still have to be on top of your stuff , though — judges expect a certain level of competence to staging a little-girl-lost act in court will do no good [at all] .

the potential recourse of the provider of finance is clearly limited solely to the funds generated by the asset it finances , with no right of recourse whatsoever to other assets of the entity ; and
the potential recourse of the provider of finance is clearly limited solely to the funds generated by the asset it finances , with no right of recourse [at all] to other assets of the entity ; and

Neither the Companies Act nor standard accounting practice requires any information whatsoever about the make-up of the figure or the movements for the year , and yet a great many events and transactions can cause the minority interests to change .
neither the companies act nor standard accounting practice requires any information [at all] about the make-up of the figure or the movements for the year , and yet a great many events and transactions can cause the minority interests to change .

As Lesley Bell , director of Joint Initiative for Community Care , says : ‘ It is absolutely crazy that anyone can set up a home care agency with no form of regulation whatsoever .
as lesley bell , director of joint initiative for community care , says : ‘ it is absolutely crazy that anyone can set up a home care agency with no form of regulation [at all] .

The sole recipient of those monies was the Society , though the funds were so ingeniously routed , through companies and agents who were unaware of their place in the system , that nobody who serviced the Society in any capacity whatsoever knew of its existence .
the sole recipient of those monies was the society , though the funds were so ingeniously routed , through companies and agents who were unaware of their place in the system , that nobody who serviced the society in any capacity [at all] knew of its existence .

’ Michael 's voice held no emotion whatsoever .
’ michael 's voice held no emotion [at all] .

In a truly patronising vein , you suggest that it was technology , the offer of a shiny card with their photo , that attracted Cambodians to register as voters . Did you stop to think that there is more than enough going on in Cambodia to make people reflect pretty carefully about participating in the election at all — and that the fact that 4.7m of them registered ( for which they received nothing whatsoever in material terms ) might just suggest that they really would like to exercise the vote ?
in a truly patronising vein , you suggest that it was technology , the offer of a shiny card with their photo , that attracted cambodians to register as voters . did you stop to think that there is more than enough going on in cambodia to make people reflect pretty carefully about participating in the election at all — and that the fact that 4.7m of them registered ( for which they received nothing [at all] in material terms ) might just suggest that they really would like to exercise the vote ?

‘ None whatsoever .
‘ none [at all] .

‘ None whatsoever .
‘ none [at all] .

Anselm was determined to make the clearest possible break with past practice : henceforth no priest or deacon was to be allowed , on any pretext whatsoever , to have a wife and continue to carry out his duties , and he had prepared an elaborate series of provisional arrangements to cope with the shortage of qualified priests under the new regulations .
anselm was determined to make the clearest possible break with past practice : henceforth no priest or deacon was to be allowed , on any pretext [at all] , to have a wife and continue to carry out his duties , and he had prepared an elaborate series of provisional arrangements to cope with the shortage of qualified priests under the new regulations .

There can in this view be no room whatsoever for any separate or even semi-independent perspectives .
there can in this view be no room [at all] for any separate or even semi-independent perspectives .

Despite the suspicions the adventurers will surely have , this is nothing more than a standard mirror with no magical properties whatsoever — unless you decide to add some , of course .
despite the suspicions the adventurers will surely have , this is nothing more than a standard mirror with no magical properties [at all] — unless you decide to add some , of course .

In order to put that offer in perspective we have to imagine a young unknown with rumours of a short classical stage success to his credit , no films worth mentioning and no bankability whatsoever , being offered , in 1988 , about twelve to fifteen million dollars .
in order to put that offer in perspective we have to imagine a young unknown with rumours of a short classical stage success to his credit , no films worth mentioning and no bankability [at all] , being offered , in 1988 , about twelve to fifteen million dollars .

Nor had he been interviewed by any policeman or other official whatsoever during the five months of his stay in Long Kesh Detention Camp .
nor had he been interviewed by any policeman or other official [at all] during the five months of his stay in long kesh detention camp .

14 Force Majeure 14.1 shall not be under any liability to or to any party in any way whatsoever for the destruction , damage , delay or any matters of this nature whatsoever arising our of war , rebellion , civic commotion , strikes , lock-outs and industrial disputes ; fire , explosion , earthquake , act of God , flood , drought , or bad weather ; the unavailability or deliveries , supplies , work , disks , or other media or the requisitioning or any other act or order by any government department , council or other constituted body .
14 force majeure 14.1 shall not be under any liability to or to any party in any way [at all] for the destruction , damage , delay or any matters of this nature [at all] arising our of war , rebellion , civic commotion , strikes , lock-outs and industrial disputes ; fire , explosion , earthquake , act of god , flood , drought , or bad weather ; the unavailability or deliveries , supplies , work , disks , or other media or the requisitioning or any other act or order by any government department , council or other constituted body .

not to hold itself out as being entitled in any way whatsoever to contract on behalf of the Publisher unless previously agreed in writing
not to hold itself out as being entitled in any way [at all] to contract on behalf of the publisher unless previously agreed in writing

the Distributor ceasing to carry on business for any reason whatsoever
the distributor ceasing to carry on business for any reason [at all]

not to hold itself out as being entitled in any way whatsoever to contract on behalf of the Publisher
not to hold itself out as being entitled in any way [at all] to contract on behalf of the publisher

not to hold itself out as being entitled in any way whatsoever to contract on behalf of the Publisher
not to hold itself out as being entitled in any way [at all] to contract on behalf of the publisher

5.1 The Proprietor hereby grants to the Publisher during the legal term of copyright ( including any renewals thereof ) an irrevocable exclusive licence to publish the Work throughout the world in any form whatsoever that the Publisher may wish .
5.1 the proprietor hereby grants to the publisher during the legal term of copyright ( including any renewals thereof ) an irrevocable exclusive licence to publish the work throughout the world in any form [at all] that the publisher may wish .

12.2 Should the Proprietor for any reason whatsoever not prepare and deliver such updating revision and correction within such time as may be reasonably required by the Publisher the Publisher shall be free to employ for that purpose such writer ( or writers ) as it may think fit and to deduct all or part of the remuneration payable to such writer(s) from any monies due to the Proprietor for such updates , revisions or corrections .
12.2 should the proprietor for any reason [at all] not prepare and deliver such updating revision and correction within such time as may be reasonably required by the publisher the publisher shall be free to employ for that purpose such writer ( or writers ) as it may think fit and to deduct all or part of the remuneration payable to such writer(s) from any monies due to the proprietor for such updates , revisions or corrections .

13.2 Should the Proprietor for any reason whatsoever not prepare or fail to deliver each new edition then the Publisher shall be free to employ an alternative writer ( or writers ) to edit the work in such manner as the Publisher may consider appropriate and the Publisher will be entitled to deduct all or part of the remuneration payable to the alternative writer(s) from royalties payable to the Proprietor on that edition .
13.2 should the proprietor for any reason [at all] not prepare or fail to deliver each new edition then the publisher shall be free to employ an alternative writer ( or writers ) to edit the work in such manner as the publisher may consider appropriate and the publisher will be entitled to deduct all or part of the remuneration payable to the alternative writer(s) from royalties payable to the proprietor on that edition .

11.2.6 discontinuing identifying verbally or otherwise by use in any way whatsoever of any of the Trade Marks .
11.2.6 discontinuing identifying verbally or otherwise by use in any way [at all] of any of the trade marks .

not to hold itself out as being entitled in any way whatsoever to contract on behalf of the Publisher .
not to hold itself out as being entitled in any way [at all] to contract on behalf of the publisher .

12.2 Should the Company for any reason whatsoever not procure the preparation and delivery of such updating revision and correction within such time as may be reasonably required by the Publisher the Publisher shall be free to employ for that purpose such writer ( or writers ) as it may think fit and to deduct all or part of the remuneration payable to such writer(s) from any monies due to the Company .
12.2 should the company for any reason [at all] not procure the preparation and delivery of such updating revision and correction within such time as may be reasonably required by the publisher the publisher shall be free to employ for that purpose such writer ( or writers ) as it may think fit and to deduct all or part of the remuneration payable to such writer(s) from any monies due to the company .

13.2 Should the Company for any reason whatsoever not procure the preparation of or fail to deliver each new edition then the Publisher shall be free to employ an alternative writer ( or writers ) to edit the work in such manner as the Publisher may consider appropriate and the Publisher will be entitled to deduct all or part of the remuneration payable to the alternative writer(s) from royalties payable to the Company on that edition .
13.2 should the company for any reason [at all] not procure the preparation of or fail to deliver each new edition then the publisher shall be free to employ an alternative writer ( or writers ) to edit the work in such manner as the publisher may consider appropriate and the publisher will be entitled to deduct all or part of the remuneration payable to the alternative writer(s) from royalties payable to the company on that edition .

Even if it can be established beyond all reasonable doubt that certain cultural items were indeed originally developed in one place and thence diffused to another , by whatever means ( not excluding industrial espionage ) , this may have no relevance whatsoever to their significance in the new environment .
even if it can be established beyond all reasonable doubt that certain cultural items were indeed originally developed in one place and thence diffused to another , by whatever means ( not excluding industrial espionage ) , this may have no relevance [at all] to their significance in the new environment .

Scoured as they have been by the turbulent and freezing sands that eroded every trace of fittings and furnishings whatsoever , their walls and ceilings do bear signs : remnants of incised and sometimes inlaid strings of rectangular shapes that numerous experts have confidently identified as writing , though no truly plausible translation has ever been constructed .
scoured as they have been by the turbulent and freezing sands that eroded every trace of fittings and furnishings [at all] , their walls and ceilings do bear signs : remnants of incised and sometimes inlaid strings of rectangular shapes that numerous experts have confidently identified as writing , though no truly plausible translation has ever been constructed .

The one thing all lekking species have in common is that , apart from mating with the female , the male bird plays no part whatsoever in raising the young .
the one thing all lekking species have in common is that , apart from mating with the female , the male bird plays no part [at all] in raising the young .

But to the right the level sea stretched far away — an ocean on which a westbound mariner sticking to this latitude need not ( once he had cleared the complicated coastline of Panama itself ) strike any land whatsoever until he met the Philippine Islands of Mindanao , Palawan and the skerries of the Sulu Sea , 13,000 miles away .
but to the right the level sea stretched far away — an ocean on which a westbound mariner sticking to this latitude need not ( once he had cleared the complicated coastline of panama itself ) strike any land [at all] until he met the philippine islands of mindanao , palawan and the skerries of the sulu sea , 13,000 miles away .

It is tacit not simply because of the absence of a binding ( legally enforceable ) agreement , but because of the absence of any explicit agreement whatsoever .
it is tacit not simply because of the absence of a binding ( legally enforceable ) agreement , but because of the absence of any explicit agreement [at all] .

‘ Nothing whatsoever , Christina ; you do whatever you wish .
‘ nothing [at all] , christina ; you do whatever you wish .

In the first place , no-one has claimed that education is the only factor making for economic growth , and vice versa , no-one has argued that education makes no impact whatsoever on economic growth .
in the first place , no-one has claimed that education is the only factor making for economic growth , and vice versa , no-one has argued that education makes no impact [at all] on economic growth .

Enraged that he should take it on himself to tell her the state of her own business , and bristling at the manner in which he spoke of her precious son , Esther said sharply , ‘ Whatever is or is not in the coffers is nothing whatsoever to do with you !
enraged that he should take it on himself to tell her the state of her own business , and bristling at the manner in which he spoke of her precious son , esther said sharply , ‘ whatever is or is not in the coffers is nothing [at all] to do with you !

There was no noise whatsoever .
there was no noise [at all] .

Voters turn out in large numbers in safe seats where their individual support or opposition to the sitting candidate can make no difference whatsoever to the result .
voters turn out in large numbers in safe seats where their individual support or opposition to the sitting candidate can make no difference [at all] to the result .

And all officers and ministers whatsoever shall serve their Majestyes and their successors according to the same in all times to come …
and all officers and ministers [at all] shall serve their majestyes and their successors according to the same in all times to come …

In the Government 's first review of social security benefits in 1979 , pensions were increased by 19.5 per cent , in line with price rises , but there was no increase whatsoever in child benefit .
in the government 's first review of social security benefits in 1979 , pensions were increased by 19.5 per cent , in line with price rises , but there was no increase [at all] in child benefit .

Linear courses allow no options whatsoever , because of disciplinary logic , professional requirements , or staff shortages .
linear courses allow no options [at all] , because of disciplinary logic , professional requirements , or staff shortages .

In consequence , the social scientists have much to say about teenagers becoming prostitutes , football hooligans , drug-addicts and jobless ; they have little to say about young people seeking middle-class respectability and nothing whatsoever about heirs to dukedoms or oil fortunes .
in consequence , the social scientists have much to say about teenagers becoming prostitutes , football hooligans , drug-addicts and jobless ; they have little to say about young people seeking middle-class respectability and nothing [at all] about heirs to dukedoms or oil fortunes .

However , as we shall see , it is necessary to recognise several ‘ lesser ’ semantic roles besides the central one of being a semantic constituent , so that to deny semantic constituency to an element is not necessarily to deny it any semantic role whatsoever : the ‘ negative emotive force ’ can , in fact , be accommodated .
however , as we shall see , it is necessary to recognise several ‘ lesser ’ semantic roles besides the central one of being a semantic constituent , so that to deny semantic constituency to an element is not necessarily to deny it any semantic role [at all] : the ‘ negative emotive force ’ can , in fact , be accommodated .

No contractual relationship whatsoever shall exist between the Company and the casual worker covered by its terms and conditions on any day when the casual worker does not attend for work with the Company .
no contractual relationship [at all] shall exist between the company and the casual worker covered by its terms and conditions on any day when the casual worker does not attend for work with the company .

No attempt at organised march was made whatsoever , but by the time the Croats , both soldiers and civilians , had passed the road junction … leading to Bleiburg , they had been stripped of everything they possessed , including animals , carts , bicycles , food and personal belongings etc .
no attempt at organised march was made [at all] , but by the time the croats , both soldiers and civilians , had passed the road junction … leading to bleiburg , they had been stripped of everything they possessed , including animals , carts , bicycles , food and personal belongings etc .

Ps. livingstonii — was one of my great loves in my early Mbuna-keeping days , probably because my male was not only a ‘ big softy ’ who caused me no trouble whatsoever , but also because he became a great pet .
ps. livingstonii — was one of my great loves in my early mbuna-keeping days , probably because my male was not only a ‘ big softy ’ who caused me no trouble [at all] , but also because he became a great pet .

When it was revealed once again that Glasgow had an appalling health record and had one of the highest premature death rates in Western Europe and was nominated heart disease capital of the world , it came as no surprise to us whatsoever .
when it was revealed once again that glasgow had an appalling health record and had one of the highest premature death rates in western europe and was nominated heart disease capital of the world , it came as no surprise to us [at all] .

Esther , who had always been deeply bored with Delia and had no wish whatsoever to keep in touch with her , sat quietly in the smooth , upholstered , comfortable , large toffee-brown Volvo , which smelled of dog .
esther , who had always been deeply bored with delia and had no wish [at all] to keep in touch with her , sat quietly in the smooth , upholstered , comfortable , large toffee-brown volvo , which smelled of dog .

Mike Roles claims to have no knowledge of cricket whatsoever , yet he 's managed to produce as eloquent a testament of the noble game as you 're ever likely to see
mike roles claims to have no knowledge of cricket [at all] , yet he 's managed to produce as eloquent a testament of the noble game as you 're ever likely to see

But it must not be forgotten that ‘ person ’ for this purpose includes an artificial person : that is to say , it includes both ‘ a body of persons , ’ and a firm … That a commercial ‘ body of persons ’ has a ‘ trading character , ’ and can sue in respect of a publication tending to injure that trading character , is now clearly established … But it is submitted that a ‘ body of persons ’ has a collective character independently of the question whether it is a mercantile body or not , which the law is bound to protect ; in other words that any such body can sue in respect of an imputation of any conduct whatsoever of which its agents , and therefore itself by its agents , can be guilty .
but it must not be forgotten that ‘ person ’ for this purpose includes an artificial person : that is to say , it includes both ‘ a body of persons , ’ and a firm … that a commercial ‘ body of persons ’ has a ‘ trading character , ’ and can sue in respect of a publication tending to injure that trading character , is now clearly established … but it is submitted that a ‘ body of persons ’ has a collective character independently of the question whether it is a mercantile body or not , which the law is bound to protect ; in other words that any such body can sue in respect of an imputation of any conduct [at all] of which its agents , and therefore itself by its agents , can be guilty .

When Trollope says in Barchester Towers , ‘ But let the gentle-hearted reader be under no apprehension whatsoever .
when trollope says in barchester towers , ‘ but let the gentle-hearted reader be under no apprehension [at all] .

Above all , they did nothing whatsoever to tackle the primary source of peasant rebelliousness : their semi-feudal exploitation .
above all , they did nothing [at all] to tackle the primary source of peasant rebelliousness : their semi-feudal exploitation .

The Marines had sent her off in a small wooden-bedded truck that seemed to have no springs or shock-absorbers whatsoever .
the marines had sent her off in a small wooden-bedded truck that seemed to have no springs or shock-absorbers [at all] .

It is impossible to obtain any foreign newspaper or magazine whatsoever in Belgrade .
it is impossible to obtain any foreign newspaper or magazine [at all] in belgrade .

She had no desire whatsoever to repeat her own performance .
she had no desire [at all] to repeat her own performance .

They were still neat , aligned and stacked precisely , even to the point of pedantry , they were in perfect order , only it was an order that made no sense whatsoever , an order in which Flavia had not left them .
they were still neat , aligned and stacked precisely , even to the point of pedantry , they were in perfect order , only it was an order that made no sense [at all] , an order in which flavia had not left them .

They have such confidence in their defences that they make no attempt whatsoever to hide themselves .
they have such confidence in their defences that they make no attempt [at all] to hide themselves .

Nearly all the much bigger fruit bats rely on their large eyes to find their way and in consequence , like owls , they can not fly in caves where there is no light whatsoever .
nearly all the much bigger fruit bats rely on their large eyes to find their way and in consequence , like owls , they can not fly in caves where there is no light [at all] .

There was no feeling whatsoever that it was a come-down , his doing a programme for children .
there was no feeling [at all] that it was a come-down , his doing a programme for children .

In our judgment there are no grounds whatsoever for implying , or importing the word ‘ other ’ between ‘ any ’ and ‘ computer , ’ or excepting the computer which is actually used by the offender from the phrase ‘ any computer ’ at the end of the subsection ( 1 ) ( a ) .
in our judgment there are no grounds [at all] for implying , or importing the word ‘ other ’ between ‘ any ’ and ‘ computer , ’ or excepting the computer which is actually used by the offender from the phrase ‘ any computer ’ at the end of the subsection ( 1 ) ( a ) .

The surveyor accepts responsibility to the client alone for the stated purposes that the report will be prepared with the skill , care and diligence reasonably to be expected of a competent chartered surveyor , but accepts no responsibility whatsoever to any person other than the client himself .
the surveyor accepts responsibility to the client alone for the stated purposes that the report will be prepared with the skill , care and diligence reasonably to be expected of a competent chartered surveyor , but accepts no responsibility [at all] to any person other than the client himself .

The surveyor accepts responsibility to the applicant and the society only for the stated purposes that the report will be prepared with the skill , care and diligence reasonably to be expected of a competent chartered surveyor , but accepts no responsibility whatsoever to any person other than the applicant and the society .
the surveyor accepts responsibility to the applicant and the society only for the stated purposes that the report will be prepared with the skill , care and diligence reasonably to be expected of a competent chartered surveyor , but accepts no responsibility [at all] to any person other than the applicant and the society .

The surveyor accepts responsibility to the applicant ( s ) and the Leeds Permanent Building Society for the stated purposes and the report will be prepared with the skill , care and diligence reasonably to be expected of a competent chartered surveyor or incorporated valuer , but accepts no responsibility whatsoever to any person other than the applicant ( s ) and the Leeds Permanent Building Society .
the surveyor accepts responsibility to the applicant ( s ) and the leeds permanent building society for the stated purposes and the report will be prepared with the skill , care and diligence reasonably to be expected of a competent chartered surveyor or incorporated valuer , but accepts no responsibility [at all] to any person other than the applicant ( s ) and the leeds permanent building society .

The surveyor accepts responsibility to the client and the society only for the stated purposes that the report will be prepared with skill , care and diligence reasonably to be expected of a competent chartered surveyor , but accepts no responsibility whatsoever to any person other than the client and the society .
the surveyor accepts responsibility to the client and the society only for the stated purposes that the report will be prepared with skill , care and diligence reasonably to be expected of a competent chartered surveyor , but accepts no responsibility [at all] to any person other than the client and the society .

The peasantry still had virtually no rights whatsoever .
the peasantry still had virtually no rights [at all] .

The sovereignty of Parliament meant that Parliament could make and unmake any law whatsoever ; there was no higher legislative authority ; and no court was in a position to declare Acts of Parliament invalid .
the sovereignty of parliament meant that parliament could make and unmake any law [at all] ; there was no higher legislative authority ; and no court was in a position to declare acts of parliament invalid .

Kevin : They do n't give half-caste kids no hassle , no hassle whatsoever .
kevin : they do n't give half-caste kids no hassle , no hassle [at all] .

Roman had gone very still , revealing no reaction whatsoever .
roman had gone very still , revealing no reaction [at all] .

‘ None whatsoever .
‘ none [at all] .

Parliament is sovereign and in theory it can give the task of determining the legal meaning of whatsoever it chooses to whomsoever it likes .
parliament is sovereign and in theory it can give the task of determining the legal meaning of [at all] it chooses to whomsoever it likes .

’ This criterion was strictly interpreted : litigants would have to persuade the court that the decision had ‘ no rational basis whatsoever , ’ and not surprisingly few managed to do so .
’ this criterion was strictly interpreted : litigants would have to persuade the court that the decision had ‘ no rational basis [at all] , ’ and not surprisingly few managed to do so .

‘ Nothing whatsoever to do with us , Sergeant .
‘ nothing [at all] to do with us , sergeant .

Christine Mills ' call reminded Blanche that she had no description whatsoever of the killer .
christine mills ' call reminded blanche that she had no description [at all] of the killer .

‘ It has nothing to do with it , whatsoever .
‘ it has nothing to do with it , [at all] .

In point of fact , he showed far less difficulty in grappling with the mysteries of electronics than he did in understanding the concept of rappers and street cred , and the multi-racial society , although he experienced no difficulty whatsoever with the problems of racial discrimination .
in point of fact , he showed far less difficulty in grappling with the mysteries of electronics than he did in understanding the concept of rappers and street cred , and the multi-racial society , although he experienced no difficulty [at all] with the problems of racial discrimination .

Such thinking comes from a belief that swing technique has nothing whatsoever to do with playing well .
such thinking comes from a belief that swing technique has nothing [at all] to do with playing well .

He finds it easy to sleep , wherever he is and in whatsoever position he finds himself .
he finds it easy to sleep , wherever he is and in [at all] position he finds himself .

Second , the idea of self help obscures the fact that what is being sought are facilities on the cheap , incorporating the unpaid labour c.f mothers themselves … Third , as a form of preschool provision , playgroups make no contribution whatsoever to the needs of parents in paid work , since they both assume and encourage full-time mothering .
second , the idea of self help obscures the fact that what is being sought are facilities on the cheap , incorporating the unpaid labour c.f mothers themselves … third , as a form of preschool provision , playgroups make no contribution [at all] to the needs of parents in paid work , since they both assume and encourage full-time mothering .

Our yacht courses enable people with no sailing experience whatsoever to book a Flotilla or Villa-Flotilla holiday , confident they can then skipper their own yachts , a most rewarding experience .
our yacht courses enable people with no sailing experience [at all] to book a flotilla or villa-flotilla holiday , confident they can then skipper their own yachts , a most rewarding experience .

However , we shall not be responsible for death , injury , loss , damage or delay of any kind whatsoever to any property or persons howsoever caused arising directly or indirectly from the use in any manner whatsoever of information including advertisements printed in this magazine .
however , we shall not be responsible for death , injury , loss , damage or delay of any kind [at all] to any property or persons howsoever caused arising directly or indirectly from the use in any manner [at all] of information including advertisements printed in this magazine .

You appear to have no pretensions whatsoever .
you appear to have no pretensions [at all] .

None whatsoever .
none [at all] .

It seemed to Helen that he must surely be aware of them ; if so , they were of no interest whatsoever .
it seemed to helen that he must surely be aware of them ; if so , they were of no interest [at all] .

‘ And yet … well , this man T'ai Cho — he has no scientific background whatsoever .
‘ and yet … well , this man t'ai cho — he has no scientific background [at all] .

It is n't a page makeup program , indeed there is very little interaction involved whatsoever , but if you have a requirement for properly typeset material then it may be your only solution .
it is n't a page makeup program , indeed there is very little interaction involved [at all] , but if you have a requirement for properly typeset material then it may be your only solution .

What there was n't was any indication whatsoever that Rory had actually written any part of this great work .
what there was n't was any indication [at all] that rory had actually written any part of this great work .

But when he thought back , there was no logical reason whatsoever why she should do such a thing .
but when he thought back , there was no logical reason [at all] why she should do such a thing .

Satisfaction in terms of needs says nothing whatsoever about improving performance . Individuals may be more content and morale may be high , but does this necessarily lead on to an improved performance ? Although Maslow offers us useful insights into individual psychology , his theory is open to a number of criticisms :
satisfaction in terms of needs says nothing [at all] about improving performance . individuals may be more content and morale may be high , but does this necessarily lead on to an improved performance ? although maslow offers us useful insights into individual psychology , his theory is open to a number of criticisms :

He believed Maureen would have mentioned such a story if she had heard one and he took the view that she had no proof whatsoever .
he believed maureen would have mentioned such a story if she had heard one and he took the view that she had no proof [at all] .

Nehushtah , Mandru 's wife , also liked to watch vibrancy performances , although she had no grasp whatsoever of their religious significance .
nehushtah , mandru 's wife , also liked to watch vibrancy performances , although she had no grasp [at all] of their religious significance .

John Forrester argues that Freud himself would have answered this question in the negative since he clearly considered that a subject 's unconscious desires should play no role whatsoever in evaluating whether or not there was a conscious wish for an event to take place .
john forrester argues that freud himself would have answered this question in the negative since he clearly considered that a subject 's unconscious desires should play no role [at all] in evaluating whether or not there was a conscious wish for an event to take place .

It can be evaded by careful drafting such as the addition of `` whatsoever `` , or some synonym for it which may prevent its application .
it can be evaded by careful drafting such as the addition of `` [at all] `` , or some synonym for it which may prevent its application .

‘ The last two days have shown you have no place whatsoever in this family .
‘ the last two days have shown you have no place [at all] in this family .

Suddenly , she was brimming with happy excitement — which had nothing whatsoever to do with Guido , she kept telling herself .
suddenly , she was brimming with happy excitement — which had nothing [at all] to do with guido , she kept telling herself .

‘ That has nothing whatsoever to do with any of this ! ’ Fran jumped to her feet and swept a hand angrily around the office . ‘ This is supposed to be a business arrangement , not some opportunity for you to start delving into what makes me tick ! ’
‘ that has nothing [at all] to do with any of this ! ’ fran jumped to her feet and swept a hand angrily around the office . ‘ this is supposed to be a business arrangement , not some opportunity for you to start delving into what makes me tick ! ’

There was no point , no point whatsoever in saying anything now .
there was no point , no point [at all] in saying anything now .

As a situation in which nothing whatsoever of interest would happen but for instabilities , it is a natural candidate for this role .
as a situation in which nothing [at all] of interest would happen but for instabilities , it is a natural candidate for this role .

In the absence of any diffusion whatsoever its behaviour is identical to that involved in the theory of the Brunt-Väisälä frequency ( Section 15.4 ) .
in the absence of any diffusion [at all] its behaviour is identical to that involved in the theory of the brunt-väisälä frequency ( section 15.4 ) .

Radio 5 is giving nothing away whatsoever .
radio 5 is giving nothing away [at all] .

Even if there was no risk whatsoever of your friend defaulting , most people would be totally unwilling to tie up their savings for so long .
even if there was no risk [at all] of your friend defaulting , most people would be totally unwilling to tie up their savings for so long .

She was gabbling nervously , she realised , gradually petering to a halt as the implacable dark face did n't register any reaction whatsoever .
she was gabbling nervously , she realised , gradually petering to a halt as the implacable dark face did n't register any reaction [at all] .

For it seemed to her then that he was aware that her thoughts were troubled and , when he had no need whatsoever to put himself out , he had decided to take her mind off them for a brief while .
for it seemed to her then that he was aware that her thoughts were troubled and , when he had no need [at all] to put himself out , he had decided to take her mind off them for a brief while .

Some seconds later she was discounting that he had anything whatsoever to do with any of her peculiar thoughts and emotions .
some seconds later she was discounting that he had anything [at all] to do with any of her peculiar thoughts and emotions .

‘ My pleasure , ’ he murmured suavely , and from then until Mrs Novakova came in to tell them that dinner was ready he engaged her in surface conversation that had nothing whatsoever to do with the reason for why she was there .
‘ my pleasure , ’ he murmured suavely , and from then until mrs novakova came in to tell them that dinner was ready he engaged her in surface conversation that had nothing [at all] to do with the reason for why she was there .

She was sipping the last of her coffee , however , when it suddenly came to her just how much Ven had been in her thoughts since she had awakened , also how very much she wanted to see him again ! Oh , heavens , she thought as her cup went down on its saucer with a clink . For , trying to analyse why she should want to see him again so badly , she realised that the only thing she could be positive of was that her wanting to see him again had nothing whatsoever to do with that infernal interview !
she was sipping the last of her coffee , however , when it suddenly came to her just how much ven had been in her thoughts since she had awakened , also how very much she wanted to see him again ! oh , heavens , she thought as her cup went down on its saucer with a clink . for , trying to analyse why she should want to see him again so badly , she realised that the only thing she could be positive of was that her wanting to see him again had nothing [at all] to do with that infernal interview !

She had no intention whatsoever of breakfasting with him , though , and stayed in her room for as long as she could bear it .
she had no intention [at all] of breakfasting with him , though , and stayed in her room for as long as she could bear it .

But this time she had no objection to make whatsoever when tenderly , unhurriedly he undid first one shoulder-strap , and then the other .
but this time she had no objection to make [at all] when tenderly , unhurriedly he undid first one shoulder-strap , and then the other .

‘ Having had no experience whatsoever of club management .
‘ having had no experience [at all] of club management .

She felt suddenly protective of Travis , who was in no state whatsoever to defend himself if this man , for some reason , meant to set about him — which looked likely from his manner .
she felt suddenly protective of travis , who was in no state [at all] to defend himself if this man , for some reason , meant to set about him — which looked likely from his manner .

There was nothing whatsoever the matter with her work !
there was nothing [at all] the matter with her work !

There was no need whatsoever for him to ‘ take her over ’ — she knew that , and Travis knew that , and Naylor Massingham would create merry hell when he eventually knew that .
there was no need [at all] for him to ‘ take her over ’ — she knew that , and travis knew that , and naylor massingham would create merry hell when he eventually knew that .

‘ No chance whatsoever .
‘ no chance [at all] .

He met her incredulous stare blandly , for all the world as if he had no recollection whatsoever of bringing her the Palmer & Pearson file outside the office , of discussing the Norwood & Chambers contract outside the office , of his threats in relation to her job outside the office .
he met her incredulous stare blandly , for all the world as if he had no recollection [at all] of bringing her the palmer & pearson file outside the office , of discussing the norwood & chambers contract outside the office , of his threats in relation to her job outside the office .

’ she yelled while she still had breath , but , even as she started backing rapidly , she knew he had no intention whatsoever of obeying her orders .
’ she yelled while she still had breath , but , even as she started backing rapidly , she knew he had no intention [at all] of obeying her orders .

‘ None whatsoever , ’ he returned coldly and then added cruelly , ‘ Not for my sake , that is . ’
‘ none [at all] , ’ he returned coldly and then added cruelly , ‘ not for my sake , that is . ’

She had no control , none whatsoever .
she had no control , none [at all] .

‘ None whatsoever , ’ he stated flatly .
‘ none [at all] , ’ he stated flatly .

Angrily she kept her lips pressed tightly together , determined not to fight or show any response whatsoever , but pretty soon she realised her mistake .
angrily she kept her lips pressed tightly together , determined not to fight or show any response [at all] , but pretty soon she realised her mistake .

Carry on Jack had nothing whatsoever to do with the Jack he had played on stage .
carry on jack had nothing [at all] to do with the jack he had played on stage .

He would say how fantastically bad someone was and would say they had no talent whatsoever .
he would say how fantastically bad someone was and would say they had no talent [at all] .

[ 5.3 The Seller shall have no liability to the Purchaser ( other than as provided in Condition 10 ) in the event that the goods to be supplied under the Order infringe any intellectual property rights of a third party ( including without limitation by reason of their possession , sale or use , whether alone or in association or combination with any other goods ) ; the Seller gives no warranty that the goods to be supplied under the order will not infringe as aforesaid , and all conditions , warranties , stipulations or other statements whatsoever relating to such infringement or alleged infringement ( if any ) , whether express or implied , by statute , at common law or otherwise howsoever , are hereby excluded . ]
[ 5.3 the seller shall have no liability to the purchaser ( other than as provided in condition 10 ) in the event that the goods to be supplied under the order infringe any intellectual property rights of a third party ( including without limitation by reason of their possession , sale or use , whether alone or in association or combination with any other goods ) ; the seller gives no warranty that the goods to be supplied under the order will not infringe as aforesaid , and all conditions , warranties , stipulations or other statements [at all] relating to such infringement or alleged infringement ( if any ) , whether express or implied , by statute , at common law or otherwise howsoever , are hereby excluded . ]

9.3 The Seller 's liability under this Condition shall be to the exclusion of all other liability to the Purchaser whether contractual , tortious or otherwise for defects in the goods or for any loss or damage to or caused by the goods , and ( subject to Condition 14 ) all other conditions , warranties , stipulations or other statements whatsoever concerning the goods , whether express or implied , by statute , at common law or otherwise howsoever , are hereby excluded ; in particular ( but without limitation of the foregoing ) the Seller grants no warranties regarding the fitness for purpose , performance , use , nature or merchantable quality of the goods , whether express or implied , by statute , at common law or otherwise howsoever .
9.3 the seller 's liability under this condition shall be to the exclusion of all other liability to the purchaser whether contractual , tortious or otherwise for defects in the goods or for any loss or damage to or caused by the goods , and ( subject to condition 14 ) all other conditions , warranties , stipulations or other statements [at all] concerning the goods , whether express or implied , by statute , at common law or otherwise howsoever , are hereby excluded ; in particular ( but without limitation of the foregoing ) the seller grants no warranties regarding the fitness for purpose , performance , use , nature or merchantable quality of the goods , whether express or implied , by statute , at common law or otherwise howsoever .

[ 10.6 The foregoing states the Seller 's entire liability to the Purchaser and the Purchaser 's sole and exclusive remedies against the Supplier in connection with claims based on or resulting from the infringement of intellectual property rights , of any kind whatsoever , of third parties . ]
[ 10.6 the foregoing states the seller 's entire liability to the purchaser and the purchaser 's sole and exclusive remedies against the supplier in connection with claims based on or resulting from the infringement of intellectual property rights , of any kind [at all] , of third parties . ]

Subject to Condition 14 , and notwithstanding anything contained in these Conditions ( other than Condition 14 ) or the Order , in no circumstances shall the Seller be liable , in contract , tort ( including negligence or breach of statutory duty ) or otherwise howsoever , and whatever the cause thereof , ( i ) for any loss of profit , business , contracts , revenues , or anticipated savings , or ( ii ) for any special indirect or consequential damage of any nature whatsoever .
subject to condition 14 , and notwithstanding anything contained in these conditions ( other than condition 14 ) or the order , in no circumstances shall the seller be liable , in contract , tort ( including negligence or breach of statutory duty ) or otherwise howsoever , and whatever the cause thereof , ( i ) for any loss of profit , business , contracts , revenues , or anticipated savings , or ( ii ) for any special indirect or consequential damage of any nature [at all] .

6.2 You shall indemnify us from all actions , costs , claims , demands , expenses and liabilities whatsoever resulting from any actual or alleged infringement as aforesaid in Condition 6.1 , and at your own expense will defend or ( at our option ) assist in the defence of any proceedings which may be brought in that connection , provided that you shall be under no liability under Condition 6.1 or this Condition in respect of any infringement as aforesaid occasioned by use of a design or specification supplied to you by us .
6.2 you shall indemnify us from all actions , costs , claims , demands , expenses and liabilities [at all] resulting from any actual or alleged infringement as aforesaid in condition 6.1 , and at your own expense will defend or ( at our option ) assist in the defence of any proceedings which may be brought in that connection , provided that you shall be under no liability under condition 6.1 or this condition in respect of any infringement as aforesaid occasioned by use of a design or specification supplied to you by us .

6.3 No goods covered by orders shall be manufactured sold or disposed by you in violation of any right whatsoever of third parties , and in particular , but without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing , of any patent right , trademark or similar right , or of any charge , mortgage or lien , provided that you shall be under no liability under this Condition in respect of a violation as aforesaid occasioned by use of a design or specification supplied to you by us .
6.3 no goods covered by orders shall be manufactured sold or disposed by you in violation of any right [at all] of third parties , and in particular , but without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing , of any patent right , trademark or similar right , or of any charge , mortgage or lien , provided that you shall be under no liability under this condition in respect of a violation as aforesaid occasioned by use of a design or specification supplied to you by us .

7.1 You shall indemnify us against all loss , actions , costs , claims , demands , expenses and liabilities whatsoever ( if any ) which we may incur either at common law or by statute in respect of personal injury to or the death of any person or in respect of any loss or destruction of or damage to property ( other than as a result of any default or neglect of ourselves or of any person for whom we are responsible ) which shall have occurred in connection with any work executed by you against this Order or shall be alleged to be attributable to some defect in the goods .
7.1 you shall indemnify us against all loss , actions , costs , claims , demands , expenses and liabilities [at all] ( if any ) which we may incur either at common law or by statute in respect of personal injury to or the death of any person or in respect of any loss or destruction of or damage to property ( other than as a result of any default or neglect of ourselves or of any person for whom we are responsible ) which shall have occurred in connection with any work executed by you against this order or shall be alleged to be attributable to some defect in the goods .

This order is given on the condition that ( without prejudice to the generality of Condition 7.1 ) you will indemnify us against all loss , actions , costs , claims , demands , expenses and liabilities whatsoever ( if any ) which we may incur either at common law or by statute ( other than as a result of any default or neglect of ourselves or of any person for whom we are responsible ) in respect of personal injury to , or the death of , any such employees , agents , sub-contractors or other representative while on our premises whether or not such persons are ( at the time when such personal injury or deaths are caused ) acting in the course of their employment .
this order is given on the condition that ( without prejudice to the generality of condition 7.1 ) you will indemnify us against all loss , actions , costs , claims , demands , expenses and liabilities [at all] ( if any ) which we may incur either at common law or by statute ( other than as a result of any default or neglect of ourselves or of any person for whom we are responsible ) in respect of personal injury to , or the death of , any such employees , agents , sub-contractors or other representative while on our premises whether or not such persons are ( at the time when such personal injury or deaths are caused ) acting in the course of their employment .

8.1 If any jigs , tools , dies , patterns , moulds , gauges , components , materials or any other items of whatsoever nature are supplied to you by us for use in connection with this order , the same shall be at your risk from the time they leave our premises until they are returned thereto , but shall remain our property .
8.1 if any jigs , tools , dies , patterns , moulds , gauges , components , materials or any other items of [at all] nature are supplied to you by us for use in connection with this order , the same shall be at your risk from the time they leave our premises until they are returned thereto , but shall remain our property .

There is no place whatsoever for other gods .
there is no place [at all] for other gods .

He had been on one knee , but had risen to `` attention `` and then fallen , expiring without a word or groan , or any valedictory comments whatsoever .
he had been on one knee , but had risen to `` attention `` and then fallen , expiring without a word or groan , or any valedictory comments [at all] .

The siege had simply made no impression on him whatsoever .
the siege had simply made no impression on him [at all] .

Cholera , on the other hand , begins with an effusion of fluid into the alimentary canal , without any previous illness whatsoever .
cholera , on the other hand , begins with an effusion of fluid into the alimentary canal , without any previous illness [at all] .

Dr McNab had asked this question with a smile . But the smile only irritated Dr Dunstaple and he bellowed : " Rubbish ! Let Dr McNab give his reasons for saying that cholera is spread by the drinking of infected water ! " He paused a moment to let his words sink in , and then added : " Perhaps he 'll explain away the case , reported officially to the Royal College of Physicians , of a dispenser who accidentally swallowed some of the so-called " rice-water " matter voided by a patient in a state of collapse from cholera … but who suffered no ill-effects whatsoever ! "
dr mcnab had asked this question with a smile . but the smile only irritated dr dunstaple and he bellowed : " rubbish ! let dr mcnab give his reasons for saying that cholera is spread by the drinking of infected water ! " he paused a moment to let his words sink in , and then added : " perhaps he 'll explain away the case , reported officially to the royal college of physicians , of a dispenser who accidentally swallowed some of the so-called " rice-water " matter voided by a patient in a state of collapse from cholera … but who suffered no ill-effects [at all] ! "

`` It seems to me , Mr Hopkins , that the doctrine of this passage has no foundation whatsoever in the word of God .
`` it seems to me , mr hopkins , that the doctrine of this passage has no foundation [at all] in the word of god .

Strawberry 's prints had marked it plainly and there were no others whatsoever .
strawberry 's prints had marked it plainly and there were no others [at all] .

Firstly , the ore was hand picked over to take out `` deads `` ( that is , any rock that bore no ore whatsoever ) ; then it was crushed by hand or by machines to a workable size ; then last of all it was washed on racks that shook heavy ore to the bottom while the lighter spar came to the top and was washed or scraped away .
firstly , the ore was hand picked over to take out `` deads `` ( that is , any rock that bore no ore [at all] ) ; then it was crushed by hand or by machines to a workable size ; then last of all it was washed on racks that shook heavy ore to the bottom while the lighter spar came to the top and was washed or scraped away .

Since we can never investigate all protons , any general statement about them whatsoever must depend upon a principle of this sort .
since we can never investigate all protons , any general statement about them [at all] must depend upon a principle of this sort .

Nothing in the world caused him such dismay , such instant feelings of antagonism , as catching sight of any institution whatsoever … He was coming inside the English Association with the hope of assuring himself that his own principles were being carried out by it .
nothing in the world caused him such dismay , such instant feelings of antagonism , as catching sight of any institution [at all] … he was coming inside the english association with the hope of assuring himself that his own principles were being carried out by it .

But these civil servants and other well-remunerated Brussels officials forget or ( what is even worse ) do not understand that the smuggling of excavated goods and tribal art has nothing whatsoever to do with the trade in Old Masters , modern paintings and other Western art from the developed world .
but these civil servants and other well-remunerated brussels officials forget or ( what is even worse ) do not understand that the smuggling of excavated goods and tribal art has nothing [at all] to do with the trade in old masters , modern paintings and other western art from the developed world .

( b ) We accept responsibility for death , bodily injury or illness caused to your or others named on your booking form by the negligent act or omission of our employees , agents , suppliers or sub-contractors or of their employees or agent acting within the course or scope of their employment ( other than that of air , sea and land carriers performing any domestic internal or international carriage whatsoever where we limit our liability to that provided for by the relevant international conventions in respect of such carriage ) .
( b ) we accept responsibility for death , bodily injury or illness caused to your or others named on your booking form by the negligent act or omission of our employees , agents , suppliers or sub-contractors or of their employees or agent acting within the course or scope of their employment ( other than that of air , sea and land carriers performing any domestic internal or international carriage [at all] where we limit our liability to that provided for by the relevant international conventions in respect of such carriage ) .

Barbara Ese pays all of that no attention whatsoever .
barbara ese pays all of that no attention [at all] .

There are some newspapers which simply will not use a picture if it has any brand identification whatsoever .
there are some newspapers which simply will not use a picture if it has any brand identification [at all] .

So prior to the funeral , which was to be held in the church attached to the great house , Artemis was despatched with her nanny to Scotland , to stay with relations in a remote castle , where once more no reference whatsoever was made to the tragedy .
so prior to the funeral , which was to be held in the church attached to the great house , artemis was despatched with her nanny to scotland , to stay with relations in a remote castle , where once more no reference [at all] was made to the tragedy .

We are hopeful that there will be no surcharges levied whatsoever on the cost of your holiday — but obviously fuel costs , currency movements and governmental action are outside our control , and there is only so much that we are able to absorb .
we are hopeful that there will be no surcharges levied [at all] on the cost of your holiday — but obviously fuel costs , currency movements and governmental action are outside our control , and there is only so much that we are able to absorb .

competition , for remember , at that stage he will be hitting you not only with his carefully laid plan for the first phase of his attack , but also , without any doubt whatsoever , he will have his reinforcements grouping for a second and third attack .
competition , for remember , at that stage he will be hitting you not only with his carefully laid plan for the first phase of his attack , but also , without any doubt [at all] , he will have his reinforcements grouping for a second and third attack .

It may be an absolutely true statement , but it does nothing whatsoever to give any guidance as to the ways in which performance may be improved and merely passes a message down the line that those at the top do not want to know the bad news and would like to dissociate themselves from it .
it may be an absolutely true statement , but it does nothing [at all] to give any guidance as to the ways in which performance may be improved and merely passes a message down the line that those at the top do not want to know the bad news and would like to dissociate themselves from it .

It is only when thus defined that Parliament ‘ has , under the English constitution , the right to make or unmake any law whatsoever ; and , further , that no person or body is recognised … as having the right to override or set aside the legislation of Parliament ’ .
it is only when thus defined that parliament ‘ has , under the english constitution , the right to make or unmake any law [at all] ; and , further , that no person or body is recognised … as having the right to override or set aside the legislation of parliament ’ .

There is a period of instability , but finally the outer layers are puffed away , and the star becomes a planetary nebula — a bad term , because a planetary nebula is not truly a nebula and has nothing whatsoever to do with a planet .
there is a period of instability , but finally the outer layers are puffed away , and the star becomes a planetary nebula — a bad term , because a planetary nebula is not truly a nebula and has nothing [at all] to do with a planet .

We come to the idea , then , that what is flattening the napkin is this bottle 's weight , an individual or particular property of this bottle of wine and of nothing else whatsoever .
we come to the idea , then , that what is flattening the napkin is this bottle 's weight , an individual or particular property of this bottle of wine and of nothing else [at all] .

When subjects are interrupted on going to sleep and asked to report any mental activity whatsoever they usually have something to say about what was going on in their minds .
when subjects are interrupted on going to sleep and asked to report any mental activity [at all] they usually have something to say about what was going on in their minds .

There 's simply no personal challenge whatsoever ; one may as well pull the wings off small inspects or laugh at old people .
there 's simply no personal challenge [at all] ; one may as well pull the wings off small inspects or laugh at old people .

However , we accept no liability for the acts or omissions of any air or sea carrier performing any domestic , internal or international carriage of whatsoever kind .
however , we accept no liability for the acts or omissions of any air or sea carrier performing any domestic , internal or international carriage of [at all] kind .

Kee emphasises that there is no mention whatsoever of Jesus .
kee emphasises that there is no mention [at all] of jesus .

Those who had been previously addicted to opioids could perceive no changes whatsoever .
those who had been previously addicted to opioids could perceive no changes [at all] .

Obviously , the heroin use of their son or daughter came as a great shock to most parents , many of whom seem to have had little or no idea that their offspring was involved in any drug use whatsoever , let alone daily heroin use .
obviously , the heroin use of their son or daughter came as a great shock to most parents , many of whom seem to have had little or no idea that their offspring was involved in any drug use [at all] , let alone daily heroin use .

The Organisers shall be liable for and shall indemnify the University against any claims against it of whatsoever nature including , but not limited to , claims in respect of death , injury , loss or damage where any such claim is caused by or arises by reason of the acts , omission or negligence of conference/course participants , the Organisers , their agents , servants or contractors .
the organisers shall be liable for and shall indemnify the university against any claims against it of [at all] nature including , but not limited to , claims in respect of death , injury , loss or damage where any such claim is caused by or arises by reason of the acts , omission or negligence of conference/course participants , the organisers , their agents , servants or contractors .

It even has a title that has nothing to do with anything else in the film whatsoever .
it even has a title that has nothing to do with anything else in the film [at all] .

Twenty-five per cent have degrees ; while only 6% have no formal educational qualifications whatsoever .
twenty-five per cent have degrees ; while only 6% have no formal educational qualifications [at all] .

Today the garbage contains no scraps of food whatsoever .
today the garbage contains no scraps of food [at all] .

loss or destruction of , or damage to , any property whatsoever or any loss or expense whatsoever resulting or arising therefrom or any consequential loss
loss or destruction of , or damage to , any property [at all] or any loss or expense [at all] resulting or arising therefrom or any consequential loss

any legal liability of whatsoever nature directly or indirectly caused by contributed to , by , or arising from
any legal liability of [at all] nature directly or indirectly caused by contributed to , by , or arising from

any accident loss or damage to any property whatsoever or any loss or expense whatsoever resulting or arising therefrom or any consequential loss
any accident loss or damage to any property [at all] or any loss or expense [at all] resulting or arising therefrom or any consequential loss

any liability of whatsoever nature directly or indirectly caused by or contributed to by or arising from ionising radiations or contamination by radioactivity from any nuclear fuel or from any nuclear waste from the combustion of nuclear fuel . For the purpose of this exception combustion shall include any self-sustaining process of nuclear fission
any liability of [at all] nature directly or indirectly caused by or contributed to by or arising from ionising radiations or contamination by radioactivity from any nuclear fuel or from any nuclear waste from the combustion of nuclear fuel . for the purpose of this exception combustion shall include any self-sustaining process of nuclear fission

any accident loss or damage to any property whatsoever or any loss or expense whatsoever resulting or arising therefrom or any consequential loss any liability of whatsoever nature directly or indirectly caused by or contributed to by or arising from ionising radiations or contamination by radioactivity from any nuclear fuel or from any nuclear waste from the combustion of nuclear fuel . For the purpose of this exception combustion shall include any self-sustaining process of nuclear fission
any accident loss or damage to any property [at all] or any loss or expense [at all] resulting or arising therefrom or any consequential loss any liability of [at all] nature directly or indirectly caused by or contributed to by or arising from ionising radiations or contamination by radioactivity from any nuclear fuel or from any nuclear waste from the combustion of nuclear fuel . for the purpose of this exception combustion shall include any self-sustaining process of nuclear fission

There is no doubt whatsoever that a close dialogue between the insurer and his solicitor is both the most satisfactory and satisfying method of handling the claim properly .
there is no doubt [at all] that a close dialogue between the insurer and his solicitor is both the most satisfactory and satisfying method of handling the claim properly .

no additional leave whatsoever being granted to employees to effect a closure .
no additional leave [at all] being granted to employees to effect a closure .

‘ Nothing whatsoever .
‘ nothing [at all] .

There is no attempt to toilet-train children whatsoever and so consequently adults and children will by and large relieve themselves wherever and whenever they feel the need to do so .
there is no attempt to toilet-train children [at all] and so consequently adults and children will by and large relieve themselves wherever and whenever they feel the need to do so .

Similar differences between relapsing and non-relapsing polyp patients ahve already emerged from previous studies , although other investigators have found no significant differences whatsoever .
similar differences between relapsing and non-relapsing polyp patients ahve already emerged from previous studies , although other investigators have found no significant differences [at all] .

At seven-thirty of the next morning clock the mighty Leviathan gasped its way into Edinburgh Central without any fanfare whatsoever .
at seven-thirty of the next morning clock the mighty leviathan gasped its way into edinburgh central without any fanfare [at all] .

’ The Campbell drew out a pistol which had no hint whatsoever of the Airfix factory about it .
’ the campbell drew out a pistol which had no hint [at all] of the airfix factory about it .

The most vigorous is from Professor Theodore Van Laue , allowing ‘ no chance for a liberal constitutional Russia whatsoever ’ .
the most vigorous is from professor theodore van laue , allowing ‘ no chance for a liberal constitutional russia [at all] ’ .

Neither today nor in the future do we make any claims whatsoever on territory in Poland or in any other neighbouring country . ``
neither today nor in the future do we make any claims [at all] on territory in poland or in any other neighbouring country . ``

In a news conference he denied that the decision reflected disquiet in the armed forces and stated that `` the President does not have to give any explanations whatsoever `` .
in a news conference he denied that the decision reflected disquiet in the armed forces and stated that `` the president does not have to give any explanations [at all] `` .

On 27 May 1685 , only a week after Parliament had convened , a grand committee of the House of the Commons ( comprising some 330 members ) agreed to address the King calling for the enforcement of the laws against `` all Dissenters whatsoever from the Church of England `` , including Catholics .
on 27 may 1685 , only a week after parliament had convened , a grand committee of the house of the commons ( comprising some 330 members ) agreed to address the king calling for the enforcement of the laws against `` all dissenters [at all] from the church of england `` , including catholics .

Read through the material again and work out for yourself just how closely this three-phase pattern matches that of some `` rite of passage `` which you know directly from first-hand experience such as a wedding or a funeral or an initiation/investiture of any kind whatsoever .
read through the material again and work out for yourself just how closely this three-phase pattern matches that of some `` rite of passage `` which you know directly from first-hand experience such as a wedding or a funeral or an initiation/investiture of any kind [at all] .

Negotiations must be with the advisers and no approaches whatsoever may be made direct to the vendors .
negotiations must be with the advisers and no approaches [at all] may be made direct to the vendors .

You and your Representatives will not make any notes , copies , photographs , drawings or recordings of any type whatsoever ( ‘ Copy Information ’ ) in respect of the information save for evaluating the Company as aforesaid .
you and your representatives will not make any notes , copies , photographs , drawings or recordings of any type [at all] ( ‘ copy information ’ ) in respect of the information save for evaluating the company as aforesaid .

no liability shall arise to the Vendor and the Purchaser shall not have any claim whatsoever against the Vendor in respect of any breach of any of the Warranties if and to the extent that such breach or claim would not have arisen but for any voluntary act , omission , transaction or arrangement after Completion of the Purchaser ;
no liability shall arise to the vendor and the purchaser shall not have any claim [at all] against the vendor in respect of any breach of any of the warranties if and to the extent that such breach or claim would not have arisen but for any voluntary act , omission , transaction or arrangement after completion of the purchaser ;

All accounts , books , ledger , financial and other records of whatsoever kind of the Vendor relating to the Business are in the possession of the Vendor and give and reflect a true and fair view of all transactions entered into and of the financial and contractual position of the Business and of its assets and liabilities in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and standards and statutory requirements .
all accounts , books , ledger , financial and other records of [at all] kind of the vendor relating to the business are in the possession of the vendor and give and reflect a true and fair view of all transactions entered into and of the financial and contractual position of the business and of its assets and liabilities in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and standards and statutory requirements .

If you can find a section of drain that is for most of the time coloured , for any reason whatsoever , then this would be a very good place to start .
if you can find a section of drain that is for most of the time coloured , for any reason [at all] , then this would be a very good place to start .

What he fails to grasp is that if that obstetric experience is withdrawn from Downpatrick , then there will be no selection of patients whatsoever and all will have to make their way to Belfast or Lisburn irrespective of clinical condition .
what he fails to grasp is that if that obstetric experience is withdrawn from downpatrick , then there will be no selection of patients [at all] and all will have to make their way to belfast or lisburn irrespective of clinical condition .

But what , of course , makes New Zealand different is the fact that farmers there receive no subsidies whatsoever .
but what , of course , makes new zealand different is the fact that farmers there receive no subsidies [at all] .

They are a mixed workforce , recruited from local Catholics and Protestants who live in the community , and they say they are afforded no protection whatsoever by the security forces .
they are a mixed workforce , recruited from local catholics and protestants who live in the community , and they say they are afforded no protection [at all] by the security forces .

Some decide that computers have no place whatsoever , some regard computers as cheap and reliable `` clerical `` labour fit for nothing other than `` payroll crunching `` , others find a niche for computing in the successful management of the business .
some decide that computers have no place [at all] , some regard computers as cheap and reliable `` clerical `` labour fit for nothing other than `` payroll crunching `` , others find a niche for computing in the successful management of the business .

The differences lie essentially in the speed of information processing , which is much slower , the capacity to store enormous amounts of data , which is reduced , and the cost of ownership , which bears no relationship whatsoever to the cost of owning a larger mini or mainframe computer .
the differences lie essentially in the speed of information processing , which is much slower , the capacity to store enormous amounts of data , which is reduced , and the cost of ownership , which bears no relationship [at all] to the cost of owning a larger mini or mainframe computer .

She did n't want to think about Timothy Gedge , to dwell on him or to consider him in any way whatsoever .
she did n't want to think about timothy gedge , to dwell on him or to consider him in any way [at all] .

Everyone said it was better than the Ring-o-Roses , where there was no discipline of any kind whatsoever .
everyone said it was better than the ring-o-roses , where there was no discipline of any kind [at all] .

If there was trouble of any kind whatsoever that day , either the lighting of fires or leaving the rectory garden for a single instant , they would not be permitted to attend the Easter Fete .
if there was trouble of any kind [at all] that day , either the lighting of fires or leaving the rectory garden for a single instant , they would not be permitted to attend the easter fete .

And so she threw herself at him , leaping for his throat , a tall , strong , totally desperate girl with nothing whatsoever to lose , who would have been hard for any man to handle , even a man as powerful and totally unchivalrous as Christie Goldsborough , had he not been ready for her .
and so she threw herself at him , leaping for his throat , a tall , strong , totally desperate girl with nothing [at all] to lose , who would have been hard for any man to handle , even a man as powerful and totally unchivalrous as christie goldsborough , had he not been ready for her .

In defence to a claim for that loss , the sellers sought to rely upon a contractual clause limiting the sellers ' liability to the cost of replacement of the seeds , i. e. the clause excluded the sellers ' liability for any consequential loss arising from ‘ use or failure in performance of or any defect in any seeds or plants supplied or for any other loss or damage whatsoever , ’ except for the cost of replacement of the seed .
in defence to a claim for that loss , the sellers sought to rely upon a contractual clause limiting the sellers ' liability to the cost of replacement of the seeds , i. e. the clause excluded the sellers ' liability for any consequential loss arising from ‘ use or failure in performance of or any defect in any seeds or plants supplied or for any other loss or damage [at all] , ’ except for the cost of replacement of the seed .

‘ None whatsoever , ’ Luke said equably . ‘ Is that all right with you , Merrill ? ’
‘ none [at all] , ’ luke said equably . ‘ is that all right with you , merrill ? ’

If you do n't like it , the cost is too high for its usefulness or for any other reason whatsoever , you need only scrub the disk clean by reformatting and what have you lost ?
if you do n't like it , the cost is too high for its usefulness or for any other reason [at all] , you need only scrub the disk clean by reformatting and what have you lost ?

Her desperation to flee seemed faintly ridiculous now , but she stiffened her failing resolve with the reminder that he had tracked her to Glenshee , giving her no say whatsoever in the matter .
her desperation to flee seemed faintly ridiculous now , but she stiffened her failing resolve with the reminder that he had tracked her to glenshee , giving her no say [at all] in the matter .

It had no effect whatsoever , except to leave her feeling battered and thoroughly bad-tempered .
it had no effect [at all] , except to leave her feeling battered and thoroughly bad-tempered .

Those who for whatsoever reason have no roof over their heads are no better than deer to be hunted down .
those who for [at all] reason have no roof over their heads are no better than deer to be hunted down .

As usual , no sound whatsoever came from his room .
as usual , no sound [at all] came from his room .

No sound whatsoever came from behind the door .
no sound [at all] came from behind the door .

That from the nobility , gentry , clergy , yeomanry and freeholders of Middlesex considered the action both illegal and arbitrary as well as threatening to the very concept of private property : `` the pretended necessity of reserving for the public service the specie deposited by individuals in the Bank … may be pleaded at any time , and applied , with equal reason , to any private property whatsoever `` .
that from the nobility , gentry , clergy , yeomanry and freeholders of middlesex considered the action both illegal and arbitrary as well as threatening to the very concept of private property : `` the pretended necessity of reserving for the public service the specie deposited by individuals in the bank … may be pleaded at any time , and applied , with equal reason , to any private property [at all] `` .

We can take no lessons whatsoever from the Soviet Union .
we can take no lessons [at all] from the soviet union .

‘ It is not possible , ’ he said , ‘ to move amongst these nubile girls and have no reaction whatsoever . ’
‘ it is not possible , ’ he said , ‘ to move amongst these nubile girls and have no reaction [at all] . ’

Jabbing violently forward , with no thought whatsoever of what she would do if she actually hit him , she did n't even notice where he was retreating until it was too late .
jabbing violently forward , with no thought [at all] of what she would do if she actually hit him , she did n't even notice where he was retreating until it was too late .

Although there is no dietary requirement whatsoever for it ( indeed , considerable scientific evidence shows that increasing sugar consumption correlates with greater risk of diabetes and several other common Western diseases5 ) it does possess one very special characteristic .
although there is no dietary requirement [at all] for it ( indeed , considerable scientific evidence shows that increasing sugar consumption correlates with greater risk of diabetes and several other common western diseases5 ) it does possess one very special characteristic .

However , Mr. Lawson then continues by making no distinction whatsoever between tobacco sponsorship and any other form of sponsorship .
however , mr. lawson then continues by making no distinction [at all] between tobacco sponsorship and any other form of sponsorship .

Nothing that has happened in the recent cases provides any reason whatsoever for people who are liable to pay the community charge failing to do so .
nothing that has happened in the recent cases provides any reason [at all] for people who are liable to pay the community charge failing to do so .

One of the principal difficulties faced by the Russians at present is that they have no effective distribution system whatsoever to deal with the aid that is available to them .
one of the principal difficulties faced by the russians at present is that they have no effective distribution system [at all] to deal with the aid that is available to them .

Gentleman 's first point , convergence is not just important ; it is absolutely vital if there is to be any success whatsoever , or any prospect of a single currency that would not damage the whole of Europe .
gentleman 's first point , convergence is not just important ; it is absolutely vital if there is to be any success [at all] , or any prospect of a single currency that would not damage the whole of europe .

Because they do not have the trade union structure that we have in this country or the record of trade union militancy that so damaged this country in the 1970s and to which we have no intention whatsoever of returning .
because they do not have the trade union structure that we have in this country or the record of trade union militancy that so damaged this country in the 1970s and to which we have no intention [at all] of returning .

It was obvious from that answer that the Secretary of State has nothing whatsoever to say about steel .
it was obvious from that answer that the secretary of state has nothing [at all] to say about steel .

Bearing in mind the Opposition 's unalloyed joy at the thought of an increase in national insurance contributions for people who earn more than that , is it time that the Opposition came clean on their plans for the self-employed , who are the engine of the power house for this country ? Does my hon. Friend agree that any extra tax on the self-employed without benefits in return would damage the country 's chances of growth , and would help it in no way whatsoever ?
bearing in mind the opposition 's unalloyed joy at the thought of an increase in national insurance contributions for people who earn more than that , is it time that the opposition came clean on their plans for the self-employed , who are the engine of the power house for this country ? does my hon. friend agree that any extra tax on the self-employed without benefits in return would damage the country 's chances of growth , and would help it in no way [at all] ?

Gentleman has no proposals whatsoever .
gentleman has no proposals [at all] .

Clearly the Opposition have no independent judgment whatsoever .
clearly the opposition have no independent judgment [at all] .

Friends the Members for Wyre ( Mr. Mans ) and for Thurrock have said , people expected to be protected by central Government , but we have been told by the Labour party that there will be no limit whatsoever on spending .
friends the members for wyre ( mr. mans ) and for thurrock have said , people expected to be protected by central government , but we have been told by the labour party that there will be no limit [at all] on spending .

Although , no doubt , some British training compares with that of Germany , many of our young people get absolutely no training whatsoever , and that is a scandal .
although , no doubt , some british training compares with that of germany , many of our young people get absolutely no training [at all] , and that is a scandal .

He thought it was a joke that she had slept in and there was no sign whatsoever of guilt at his desertion of her .
he thought it was a joke that she had slept in and there was no sign [at all] of guilt at his desertion of her .

Marry , so there have been diverse good plots devised and wise counsels cast already about reformation of that realm , but they say it is the fatal destiny of that land that no purposes whatsoever are meant for her good will prosper or take good effect , which whether it proceed from the very genius of the soil , or the influence of the stars , or that Almighty God hath not yet appointed the time of her reformation , or that He reserveth her in this unquiet state still , for some secret scourge which shall by her come unto England , it is hard to be known but yet much to be feared .
marry , so there have been diverse good plots devised and wise counsels cast already about reformation of that realm , but they say it is the fatal destiny of that land that no purposes [at all] are meant for her good will prosper or take good effect , which whether it proceed from the very genius of the soil , or the influence of the stars , or that almighty god hath not yet appointed the time of her reformation , or that he reserveth her in this unquiet state still , for some secret scourge which shall by her come unto england , it is hard to be known but yet much to be feared .

’ This could refer to a contract without any conditions whatsoever .
’ this could refer to a contract without any conditions [at all] .

’ He hesitated , then gave a short laugh that held no humour whatsoever .
’ he hesitated , then gave a short laugh that held no humour [at all] .

Without any warning whatsoever , the man holding her swung his foot back and kicked her legs out from under her with a careless , emotionless violence that wrenched a panic-stricken scream from her throat .
without any warning [at all] , the man holding her swung his foot back and kicked her legs out from under her with a careless , emotionless violence that wrenched a panic-stricken scream from her throat .

‘ None whatsoever .
‘ none [at all] .

‘ None whatsoever , ’ Sir John replied .
‘ none [at all] , ’ sir john replied .

‘ Nothing whatsoever . ’
‘ nothing [at all] . ’

Two suicides , one murder … but no proof whatsoever , no evidence .
two suicides , one murder … but no proof [at all] , no evidence .

Athelstan had requested that Huddle should first draw charcoal sketches , from these giving the gifted young man scriptural advice to the effect that there was no evidence whatsoever that Herod had eventually stabbed Pilate in the back !
athelstan had requested that huddle should first draw charcoal sketches , from these giving the gifted young man scriptural advice to the effect that there was no evidence [at all] that herod had eventually stabbed pilate in the back !

‘ If the Mallender family hear from you just once more , directly or indirectly , by telephone , letter or in person , by any means whatsoever , we 'll come down on you so hard you 'll think a giant had stamped on your head .
‘ if the mallender family hear from you just once more , directly or indirectly , by telephone , letter or in person , by any means [at all] , we 'll come down on you so hard you 'll think a giant had stamped on your head .

The ice in her voice had no effect on him whatsoever .
the ice in her voice had no effect on him [at all] .

Fun ? That implied being carefree , and she felt as though it had been decades since she had felt that way , and it had nothing whatsoever to do with Jonathan .
fun ? that implied being carefree , and she felt as though it had been decades since she had felt that way , and it had nothing [at all] to do with jonathan .

‘ So that 's how you spend your time , is it , ’ he grated , ‘ speculating with that fertile little imagination of yours on something that does n't concern you whatsoever ? ’
‘ so that 's how you spend your time , is it , ’ he grated , ‘ speculating with that fertile little imagination of yours on something that does n't concern you [at all] ? ’

It was made very clear that the work had no appeal whatsoever and it was classed in a derogatory manner as ‘ modern art ’ .
it was made very clear that the work had no appeal [at all] and it was classed in a derogatory manner as ‘ modern art ’ .

‘ There can be absolutely no doubt of that whatsoever , ’ said Wheeler .
‘ there can be absolutely no doubt of that [at all] , ’ said wheeler .

And there was no chance whatsoever of meeting boys from Burleigh in a church .
and there was no chance [at all] of meeting boys from burleigh in a church .

Mrs Multhrop sped around after them , confusing matters more , Mr Multhrop sped after her and Araminta remained still , the cynosure of all eyes , smiling delightfully and of no practical help whatsoever .
mrs multhrop sped around after them , confusing matters more , mr multhrop sped after her and araminta remained still , the cynosure of all eyes , smiling delightfully and of no practical help [at all] .

Narin suggests that this measure is independent of subfield or year , and that there is no evidence whatsoever for economies of scale in the production of papers .
narin suggests that this measure is independent of subfield or year , and that there is no evidence [at all] for economies of scale in the production of papers .

Using it , Narin finds no evidence whatsoever for economies of scale in the production of papers .
using it , narin finds no evidence [at all] for economies of scale in the production of papers .

The totally original , offbeat research proposal , particularly in the fundamental , or non-applied research field , has no chance whatsoever of attracting sufficient peer group support to attract funding .
the totally original , offbeat research proposal , particularly in the fundamental , or non-applied research field , has no chance [at all] of attracting sufficient peer group support to attract funding .

Nearly one-fifth of the researchers failed to produce any papers whatsoever after completing their research , and there are significant differences between universities in the proportions of unproductive researchers .
nearly one-fifth of the researchers failed to produce any papers [at all] after completing their research , and there are significant differences between universities in the proportions of unproductive researchers .

( 3 ) The united Germany has no territorial claims whatsoever against other states and shall not assert any in the future .
( 3 ) the united germany has no territorial claims [at all] against other states and shall not assert any in the future .

It is quite reasonable for a purchaser to assume that a vendor who sells land for a particular purpose will not do anything to prevent its being used for that purpose , but it would be utterly unreasonable to assume that the vendor was undertaking restrictive obligations which would prevent his using land retained by him for any lawful purpose whatsoever … Under these circumstances the question is whether the existence of this staircase renders the plaintiff 's premises unfit or materially less fit to be used for the purposes for which they were demised , that is , for the purpose of a residential flat .
it is quite reasonable for a purchaser to assume that a vendor who sells land for a particular purpose will not do anything to prevent its being used for that purpose , but it would be utterly unreasonable to assume that the vendor was undertaking restrictive obligations which would prevent his using land retained by him for any lawful purpose [at all] … under these circumstances the question is whether the existence of this staircase renders the plaintiff 's premises unfit or materially less fit to be used for the purposes for which they were demised , that is , for the purpose of a residential flat .

Again the British at first dragged their feet , but eventually decided to launch an operation , this time without any Free French participation whatsoever .
again the british at first dragged their feet , but eventually decided to launch an operation , this time without any free french participation [at all] .

The Directors may require to be satisfied that any Share being transferred under this paragraph are being transferred in pursuance of a bona fide sale for the consideration stated in the instrument of transfer without any deduction rebate or allowance whatsoever to the Purchaser .
the directors may require to be satisfied that any share being transferred under this paragraph are being transferred in pursuance of a bona fide sale for the consideration stated in the instrument of transfer without any deduction rebate or allowance [at all] to the purchaser .

The Directors may require to be satisfied that any Share being transferred under this paragraph are being transferred in pursuance of a bona fide sale for the consideration stated in the instrument of transfer without any deduction rebate or allowance whatsoever to the Purchaser .
the directors may require to be satisfied that any share being transferred under this paragraph are being transferred in pursuance of a bona fide sale for the consideration stated in the instrument of transfer without any deduction rebate or allowance [at all] to the purchaser .

Section 1 ( 2 ) of the Act states that the following are not inventions for the purposes of the Act : ( a ) a discovery , scientific theory or mathematical method ; ( b ) a literary , dramatic , musical or artistic work or any other aesthetic creation whatsoever ; ( c ) a scheme , rule or method for performing any mental act , playing a game or doing business , or a program for a computer ; ( d ) the presentation of information ; but the foregoing provision shall prevent anything from being treated as an invention for the purposes of this Act only to the extent that a patent or application for a patent relates to that thing as such ( emphasis added )
section 1 ( 2 ) of the act states that the following are not inventions for the purposes of the act : ( a ) a discovery , scientific theory or mathematical method ; ( b ) a literary , dramatic , musical or artistic work or any other aesthetic creation [at all] ; ( c ) a scheme , rule or method for performing any mental act , playing a game or doing business , or a program for a computer ; ( d ) the presentation of information ; but the foregoing provision shall prevent anything from being treated as an invention for the purposes of this act only to the extent that a patent or application for a patent relates to that thing as such ( emphasis added )

Actual usage , once again , would seem however to be exactly the opposite : ( 133 ) makes no sense whatsoever , while ( 131 ) and ( 132 ) are fairly normal .
actual usage , once again , would seem however to be exactly the opposite : ( 133 ) makes no sense [at all] , while ( 131 ) and ( 132 ) are fairly normal .

The first half-year was to he duty free and clear of all taxes `` impositions and assessment whatsoever which may be imposed by act of Parliament or otherwise howsoever … ``
the first half-year was to he duty free and clear of all taxes `` impositions and assessment [at all] which may be imposed by act of parliament or otherwise howsoever … ``

However , on 21st January 1778 Charles Roe once more took a lease of `` Mines & Veins of lead ore and copper ore whatsoever within the manor of Coniston . ``
however , on 21st january 1778 charles roe once more took a lease of `` mines & veins of lead ore and copper ore [at all] within the manor of coniston . ``

He would generally be the most experienced man amongst them , and would collect the payment for the work done , distributing the money amongst his partners in whatsoever proportion agreed previously .
he would generally be the most experienced man amongst them , and would collect the payment for the work done , distributing the money amongst his partners in [at all] proportion agreed previously .

Lowther Augustus John , Lord Muncaster , Baron Muncaster ) of all minerals whatsoever in the Lordship of Little Langdale and Tilberthwaite , at the usual one-twelfth Royalty .
lowther augustus john , lord muncaster , baron muncaster ) of all minerals [at all] in the lordship of little langdale and tilberthwaite , at the usual one-twelfth royalty .

During the last 10 years they had , Taylor explained , expended a large sum of money without deriving `` any profit whatsoever `` , and were inclined to hope that this and the further anticipated expense entitled them to consideration by `` Royalty reduction or otherwise `` .
during the last 10 years they had , taylor explained , expended a large sum of money without deriving `` any profit [at all] `` , and were inclined to hope that this and the further anticipated expense entitled them to consideration by `` royalty reduction or otherwise `` .

She told him that she had no intention whatsoever ( here her voice rose in pitch ) of addressing the Party conference on any subject what-so-ever .
she told him that she had no intention [at all] ( here her voice rose in pitch ) of addressing the party conference on any subject what-so-ever .

‘ When Katherine died , no one contacted me whatsoever except Peter Kavanagh in America , ’ he said .
‘ when katherine died , no one contacted me [at all] except peter kavanagh in america , ’ he said .

The difference was that there was no hint whatsoever of any kind of collective or ideological opposition .
the difference was that there was no hint [at all] of any kind of collective or ideological opposition .

This was the man whom Mary of Guise described to Sadler as ‘ a simple and the most inconstant man in the world ; for whatsoever he determineth today , he changeth tomorrow ’ ; and there were plenty of people in Scotland to help him to change from his position of March 1543 .
this was the man whom mary of guise described to sadler as ‘ a simple and the most inconstant man in the world ; for [at all] he determineth today , he changeth tomorrow ’ ; and there were plenty of people in scotland to help him to change from his position of march 1543 .

For he was the Queen Mother 's steeplechaser who belly-flopped yards from the Grand National winning post , the horse who grabbed defeat from the very jaws of victory in such a way that even those with no interest whatsoever in the sport of racing still recall the sight of ‘ that horse who jumped the fence that was n't there ’ .
for he was the queen mother 's steeplechaser who belly-flopped yards from the grand national winning post , the horse who grabbed defeat from the very jaws of victory in such a way that even those with no interest [at all] in the sport of racing still recall the sight of ‘ that horse who jumped the fence that was n't there ’ .

She could sit for hours in the sun these days , content to watch Pilade play , doing nothing whatsoever .
she could sit for hours in the sun these days , content to watch pilade play , doing nothing [at all] .

By examining the details visible on surviving coins it is possible to identify coins struck from the same die or dies , for they will show no divergence whatsoever in the details of the designs ( fig .
by examining the details visible on surviving coins it is possible to identify coins struck from the same die or dies , for they will show no divergence [at all] in the details of the designs ( fig .

Dorothea prayed , very formally and with no hope whatsoever , for Eleanor Thorne .
dorothea prayed , very formally and with no hope [at all] , for eleanor thorne .

They have no bearing whatsoever on the serious consideration of the merits of the Nauruan case .
they have no bearing [at all] on the serious consideration of the merits of the nauruan case .

‘ Men have reason to be well satisfied with what God hath thought fit for them , since he has given them … whatsoever is necessary for the conveniences of life , and information of virtue .
‘ men have reason to be well satisfied with what god hath thought fit for them , since he has given them … [at all] is necessary for the conveniences of life , and information of virtue .

For Locke , however , they are ‘ whatsoever is the object of the understanding when a man thinks ’ ; and his conception of them as essentially mind-dependent things is derived from Descartes .
for locke , however , they are ‘ [at all] is the object of the understanding when a man thinks ’ ; and his conception of them as essentially mind-dependent things is derived from descartes .

As Locke says , ‘ in some of our ideas there are certain relations , habitudes and connections , so visibly included in the nature of the ideas themselves , that we can not conceive them separable from them , by any power whatsoever ’ .
as locke says , ‘ in some of our ideas there are certain relations , habitudes and connections , so visibly included in the nature of the ideas themselves , that we can not conceive them separable from them , by any power [at all] ’ .

‘ Whatsoever then , he removes out of the state that nature hath provided , and left it in , he hath mixed his labour with , and joined to it something that is his own , and thereby makes it his property .
‘ [at all] then , he removes out of the state that nature hath provided , and left it in , he hath mixed his labour with , and joined to it something that is his own , and thereby makes it his property .

If she 'd waited another year she would have garnered twice the price , as the yuppie age was dawning , but unfortunately for herself and her family , Jane had no financial sense whatsoever , except , thanks perhaps to her Scottish ancestry , she always spent as little as possible .
if she 'd waited another year she would have garnered twice the price , as the yuppie age was dawning , but unfortunately for herself and her family , jane had no financial sense [at all] , except , thanks perhaps to her scottish ancestry , she always spent as little as possible .

‘ None whatsoever , as well you know , Rajiv .
‘ none [at all] , as well you know , rajiv .

The programme attracts viewers , admits a Channel Four spokesman , but does not attract ‘ any kind of interest whatsoever ’ from advertisers .
the programme attracts viewers , admits a channel four spokesman , but does not attract ‘ any kind of interest [at all] ’ from advertisers .

11 . These sections do not cover : — loss or destruction of or damage to any property whatsoever or any loss or expense whatsoever resulting or arising therefrom or any consequential loss directly or indirectly caused by or contributed to , by or arising from
11 . these sections do not cover : — loss or destruction of or damage to any property [at all] or any loss or expense [at all] resulting or arising therefrom or any consequential loss directly or indirectly caused by or contributed to , by or arising from

During the past twenty years the role of export education has been fulfilled by the Institute of Export without any assistance or recognition whatsoever .
during the past twenty years the role of export education has been fulfilled by the institute of export without any assistance or recognition [at all] .

Full cancellation charges will apply and we will be under no obligation whatsoever for any refund , compensation or costs you may incur .
full cancellation charges will apply and we will be under no obligation [at all] for any refund , compensation or costs you may incur .

If you or any member of your family suffer death , bodily injury or illness arising from negligence of our suppliers ( other than air and sea carriers performing any domestic , internal or international carriage of whatsoever kind for whom we accept no liability ) , their sub=contractors , servants and/or agents , we will accept responsibility provided that they were acting within the scope of or in the course of their employment when the accident occurred .
if you or any member of your family suffer death , bodily injury or illness arising from negligence of our suppliers ( other than air and sea carriers performing any domestic , internal or international carriage of [at all] kind for whom we accept no liability ) , their sub=contractors , servants and/or agents , we will accept responsibility provided that they were acting within the scope of or in the course of their employment when the accident occurred .

McDonald 's meat patties are 100 % pure beef , with no additives whatsoever .
mcdonald 's meat patties are 100 % pure beef , with no additives [at all] .

For Flew , and for Ayer in Language , Truth and Logic , you realise the vacuousness of religious belief when you realise that it is compatible with any earthly state of affairs whatsoever .
for flew , and for ayer in language , truth and logic , you realise the vacuousness of religious belief when you realise that it is compatible with any earthly state of affairs [at all] .

With a First National Bank loan secured on your property you have the opportunity to borrow up to £50,000 for any purpose whatsoever .
with a first national bank loan secured on your property you have the opportunity to borrow up to £50,000 for any purpose [at all] .

Sun Alliance further guarantee that you may , within 15 days , return your policy if it does not meet your requirements , and that you will be under no obligation whatsoever .
sun alliance further guarantee that you may , within 15 days , return your policy if it does not meet your requirements , and that you will be under no obligation [at all] .

In addition , you will be under no obligation whatsoever .
in addition , you will be under no obligation [at all] .

There are many reasons why we eat — and a number of them have nothing whatsoever to do with hunger or even a liking for a particular type of food . Ask yourself whether any of the following could be your motivation for eating :
there are many reasons why we eat — and a number of them have nothing [at all] to do with hunger or even a liking for a particular type of food . ask yourself whether any of the following could be your motivation for eating :

Unless something is done to reverse the effect of such early programming , the former child will grow up to be nervous and unsure while the latter is likely to have no confidence in himself whatsoever .
unless something is done to reverse the effect of such early programming , the former child will grow up to be nervous and unsure while the latter is likely to have no confidence in himself [at all] .

Sometimes one partner ( or both ) will seek to enhance life by indulging in casual affairs but this often leads to feelings of disenchantment and guilt and does nothing whatsoever to improve the situation .
sometimes one partner ( or both ) will seek to enhance life by indulging in casual affairs but this often leads to feelings of disenchantment and guilt and does nothing [at all] to improve the situation .

But at its best , sex brings about true peace with both the self and the other person — and this has nothing whatsoever to do with personal prowess , physical acrobatics or multiple orgasms .
but at its best , sex brings about true peace with both the self and the other person — and this has nothing [at all] to do with personal prowess , physical acrobatics or multiple orgasms .

There is no reason whatsoever why our explanation of jet-lag as a consequence of a mismatching between the body clock and the new external environment should go unquestioned .
there is no reason [at all] why our explanation of jet-lag as a consequence of a mismatching between the body clock and the new external environment should go unquestioned .

It had n't taken her long to discover that they had nothing whatsoever in common .
it had n't taken her long to discover that they had nothing [at all] in common .

If the court found the west London council had no powers to undertake them whatsoever , then ‘ the banks ’ private rights ' to enforce the deals would go .
if the court found the west london council had no powers to undertake them [at all] , then ‘ the banks ’ private rights ' to enforce the deals would go .

‘ An intestinal infection is of no significance whatsoever in the field of public health because such infection will not give rise to any problems to public health , ’ he told Lord Justice Parker and Mr Tudor Evans during a judicial review of the Ministry 's order to slaughter the chickens .
‘ an intestinal infection is of no significance [at all] in the field of public health because such infection will not give rise to any problems to public health , ’ he told lord justice parker and mr tudor evans during a judicial review of the ministry 's order to slaughter the chickens .

If there were simply no correlation whatsoever between the electrical output of a photo-electric cell and some other measure of light intensity directly or indirectly related to experience , it would not have been accepted as a way of measuring light intensity .
if there were simply no correlation [at all] between the electrical output of a photo-electric cell and some other measure of light intensity directly or indirectly related to experience , it would not have been accepted as a way of measuring light intensity .

Far too often with a low cable break , the pilot goes for the airbrakes when there is a mile of field ahead and no hurry whatsoever .
far too often with a low cable break , the pilot goes for the airbrakes when there is a mile of field ahead and no hurry [at all] .

If you find that you are making no gains in size whatsoever , do not be tempted to do more exercises or repetitions because this could lead to overtraining .
if you find that you are making no gains in size [at all] , do not be tempted to do more exercises or repetitions because this could lead to overtraining .

Always remember to check carefully the identity of any caller whatsoever who wants to gain admittance to your home .
always remember to check carefully the identity of any caller [at all] who wants to gain admittance to your home .

‘ None whatsoever .
‘ none [at all] .

The reporters were sent away empty handed , while Florey told his staff to give no information whatsoever to journalists .
the reporters were sent away empty handed , while florey told his staff to give no information [at all] to journalists .

We would have to develop an ingrained self-confidence in our ability to navigate across featureless terrain without any back-up whatsoever and using maps that gave little or no detail .
we would have to develop an ingrained self-confidence in our ability to navigate across featureless terrain without any back-up [at all] and using maps that gave little or no detail .

Moving cautiously in among the buildings by the waterfront , they discovered that there were no guards whatsoever .
moving cautiously in among the buildings by the waterfront , they discovered that there were no guards [at all] .

Furthermore , David McHarg , clerk of the course at Kelso and other Scottish tracks , said that when the transport allowances from the Levy Board were cut off it made no difference whatsoever to the number of runners .
furthermore , david mcharg , clerk of the course at kelso and other scottish tracks , said that when the transport allowances from the levy board were cut off it made no difference [at all] to the number of runners .

There is no benefit to my party , no benefit whatsoever , in simply taking safe positions .
there is no benefit to my party , no benefit [at all] , in simply taking safe positions .

To prove his point he has taken on the legal profession and , with no legal training whatsoever , tied judges in such knots they have overruled each other .
to prove his point he has taken on the legal profession and , with no legal training [at all] , tied judges in such knots they have overruled each other .

Fund managers are intent on doing their best for their funds and have no interest whatsoever in the businesses they invest in or the people who are producing the profits .
fund managers are intent on doing their best for their funds and have no interest [at all] in the businesses they invest in or the people who are producing the profits .

Neither they nor the local relief committees were given any remit whatsoever with regard to how food should be dispensed or who was eligible to receive it .
neither they nor the local relief committees were given any remit [at all] with regard to how food should be dispensed or who was eligible to receive it .

If the unconscious means anything whatsoever , it is that the relation of self and others , inner and outer , can not be grasped as an interval between Polar and opposites but rather as an irreducible dislocation of the subject in which the other inhabits the self as its condition of possibility . ( Weber , The Legend of Freud , 32 — 3 , his emphasis )
if the unconscious means anything [at all] , it is that the relation of self and others , inner and outer , can not be grasped as an interval between polar and opposites but rather as an irreducible dislocation of the subject in which the other inhabits the self as its condition of possibility . ( weber , the legend of freud , 32 — 3 , his emphasis )

It is our understanding that less than two grammes of cocaine were seized and that the police recovered no evidence whatsoever of any dealing of hard drugs on the estate .
it is our understanding that less than two grammes of cocaine were seized and that the police recovered no evidence [at all] of any dealing of hard drugs on the estate .

On the contrary , he seems to have discouraged any notions of romance whatsoever .
on the contrary , he seems to have discouraged any notions of romance [at all] .

Prof Letterio Villari , a noted vulcanologist , said yesterday he had ‘ absolutely no faith whatsoever ’ in the plan .
prof letterio villari , a noted vulcanologist , said yesterday he had ‘ absolutely no faith [at all] ’ in the plan .

There is no doubt whatsoever that this expansionism was a deliberate and carefully controlled policy ; Charles did not fight defensive or reluctant wars .
there is no doubt [at all] that this expansionism was a deliberate and carefully controlled policy ; charles did not fight defensive or reluctant wars .

This has no practical purpose whatsoever but has become rather a measure of ability — if you can duck gybe it is an indication that you must be quite good .
this has no practical purpose [at all] but has become rather a measure of ability — if you can duck gybe it is an indication that you must be quite good .

Rebirthing , we were told , offered a superabundance of all good things with no sacrifice whatsoever .
rebirthing , we were told , offered a superabundance of all good things with no sacrifice [at all] .

None of them was more enthusiastic to turn on the heat and get the thing over than General Douglas MacArthur , the ‘ United Nations ’ commander in Korea , who was at pains to point out he had ‘ no direct connection with the United Nations whatsoever ’ .
none of them was more enthusiastic to turn on the heat and get the thing over than general douglas macarthur , the ‘ united nations ’ commander in korea , who was at pains to point out he had ‘ no direct connection with the united nations [at all] ’ .

‘ It is no comfort whatsoever , ’ said Parks abjectly .
‘ it is no comfort [at all] , ’ said parks abjectly .

The chemicals used in these machines have no influence whatsoever on disinfection .
the chemicals used in these machines have no influence [at all] on disinfection .

Prices are highly variable and no guide is available whatsoever with regard to quality or performance .
prices are highly variable and no guide is available [at all] with regard to quality or performance .

On no account whatsoever should cleaning chemicals be transferred to food containers , bottles or packs used for drinks or drinking vessels including paper or plastic disposable cups .
on no account [at all] should cleaning chemicals be transferred to food containers , bottles or packs used for drinks or drinking vessels including paper or plastic disposable cups .

The first was television and the Hollywood moguls ' abject refusal to have anything whatsoever to do with it .
the first was television and the hollywood moguls ' abject refusal to have anything [at all] to do with it .

However we pushed our luck and took Molly in , with no protests whatsoever .
however we pushed our luck and took molly in , with no protests [at all] .

It makes no ethical statement whatsoever .
it makes no ethical statement [at all] .

In many cases , the tests show gross handicaps which would carry no life expectancy whatsoever .
in many cases , the tests show gross handicaps which would carry no life expectancy [at all] .

If you believe that abortion is wrong for any reason whatsoever then there is no justification for the termination of a pregnancy on the grounds of identified handicap .
if you believe that abortion is wrong for any reason [at all] then there is no justification for the termination of a pregnancy on the grounds of identified handicap .

‘ My staff have nothing whatsoever to do with this , Dr. Briant !
‘ my staff have nothing [at all] to do with this , dr. briant !

Artists , Beatrice generalizes with a fine sweep of her pen , have no principles whatsoever .
artists , beatrice generalizes with a fine sweep of her pen , have no principles [at all] .

Parliament , according to English constitutional theory , can make and unmake any law , on any matter , and to any effect whatsoever .
parliament , according to english constitutional theory , can make and unmake any law , on any matter , and to any effect [at all] .

It is because the law provides ways of changing the law and of adopting any law whatsoever , and it always claims authority for itself .
it is because the law provides ways of changing the law and of adopting any law [at all] , and it always claims authority for itself .

‘ Not Holberg Suite , as Holberg was a Norwegian contemporary of Molière , and the ballet has no bearing on him whatsoever .
‘ not holberg suite , as holberg was a norwegian contemporary of molière , and the ballet has no bearing on him [at all] .

Of crucial importance is that none of these experiments require the animals to suffer any pain whatsoever .
of crucial importance is that none of these experiments require the animals to suffer any pain [at all] .

We may find unifying principles in patterns of gene activity , gradients , signals , modes of movement , but there is still much variety for which we have no explanation whatsoever .
we may find unifying principles in patterns of gene activity , gradients , signals , modes of movement , but there is still much variety for which we have no explanation [at all] .

He paid no attention whatsoever to the two men seated in the corner .
he paid no attention [at all] to the two men seated in the corner .

Apart from a few , most additives have no nutritional value whatsoever .
apart from a few , most additives have no nutritional value [at all] .

Hair apparently benefited : of the 120 volunteers a total of 37 stated that the condition of their hair had actually improved whilst almost all the remainder reported no deterioration whatsoever .
hair apparently benefited : of the 120 volunteers a total of 37 stated that the condition of their hair had actually improved whilst almost all the remainder reported no deterioration [at all] .

The report goes on to say : ‘ Many professionals advise giving vitamin drops from the age of one month and we would support this practice , particularly if there is any doubt whatsoever about the vitamin intake at this time ’ .
the report goes on to say : ‘ many professionals advise giving vitamin drops from the age of one month and we would support this practice , particularly if there is any doubt [at all] about the vitamin intake at this time ’ .

Maybe , but there is no advantage in this whatsoever .
maybe , but there is no advantage in this [at all] .

It was totally empty , and the landlord clearly expected no custom whatsoever that evening since he was reclining in his private quarters .
it was totally empty , and the landlord clearly expected no custom [at all] that evening since he was reclining in his private quarters .

She showed no inclination whatsoever to go forward .
she showed no inclination [at all] to go forward .

Speaking engagements , regular television and radio appearances , countless newspaper interviews , a second major network documentary , have had no effect whatsoever on her personality and character .
speaking engagements , regular television and radio appearances , countless newspaper interviews , a second major network documentary , have had no effect [at all] on her personality and character .

Convocation has a role defined in the Charter : it may ‘ discuss and pronounce an opinion on any matters whatsoever relating to the University including any matters referred to it by the Court or the Council ’ .
convocation has a role defined in the charter : it may ‘ discuss and pronounce an opinion on any matters [at all] relating to the university including any matters referred to it by the court or the council ’ .

However these two plants taken in homoeopathic form cause no problems in toxicity whatsoever .
however these two plants taken in homoeopathic form cause no problems in toxicity [at all] .

Very often the swim you have chosen will not need any modification whatsoever , but on lakes where the banks are swampy and surrounded by a wide belt of rushes some preparation in the close season is necessary .
very often the swim you have chosen will not need any modification [at all] , but on lakes where the banks are swampy and surrounded by a wide belt of rushes some preparation in the close season is necessary .

It is no use whatsoever introducing bait at irregular intervals , for the lesson we are trying to teach them will not sink in if we give them time to forget in between each baiting session .
it is no use [at all] introducing bait at irregular intervals , for the lesson we are trying to teach them will not sink in if we give them time to forget in between each baiting session .

‘ Every person who shall by himself or by or in conjunction with any other person , corruptly solicit or receive , for himself , or for any other person , any gift , loan , fee , reward , or advantage whatever as an inducement to , or reward for , or otherwise on account of any member … of a public body … doing or forbearing to do anything in respect of any matter or transaction whatsoever , actual or proposed , in which such public body is concerned shall be guilty of a misdemeanour . ’
‘ every person who shall by himself or by or in conjunction with any other person , corruptly solicit or receive , for himself , or for any other person , any gift , loan , fee , reward , or advantage whatever as an inducement to , or reward for , or otherwise on account of any member … of a public body … doing or forbearing to do anything in respect of any matter or transaction [at all] , actual or proposed , in which such public body is concerned shall be guilty of a misdemeanour . ’

The interests of those who profit from slavery should play no role whatsoever in deciding to abolish the institution from which they profit .
the interests of those who profit from slavery should play no role [at all] in deciding to abolish the institution from which they profit .

There is no doubt whatsoever that the European Community will improve minimum standards for farm animals by legislation .
there is no doubt [at all] that the european community will improve minimum standards for farm animals by legislation .

If there is no element whatsoever of coercion in the deal , there will be no dismissal if you accept such an offer .
if there is no element [at all] of coercion in the deal , there will be no dismissal if you accept such an offer .

The brothers were now offering an annuity for life of £150 , ‘ no condition whatsoever being annexed to it ’ .
the brothers were now offering an annuity for life of £150 , ‘ no condition [at all] being annexed to it ’ .

By now , the item is beginning to lose its impact and , by month 6 , it will have no significance whatsoever .
by now , the item is beginning to lose its impact and , by month 6 , it will have no significance [at all] .

Even if it is true that only intention is relevant , this is no argument whatsoever for the admissibility of such trusts .
even if it is true that only intention is relevant , this is no argument [at all] for the admissibility of such trusts .

This type has no trust whatsoever in his fellow men .
this type has no trust [at all] in his fellow men .

Historically speaking , neither their bastardised bible nor their own scriptures have any authority whatsoever .
historically speaking , neither their bastardised bible nor their own scriptures have any authority [at all] .

In verse 27 we also learn this concerning those who will share eternity with Christ ‘ there shall in no wise enter into it any thing that defileth neither whatsoever worketh abomination or maketh a lie .
in verse 27 we also learn this concerning those who will share eternity with christ ‘ there shall in no wise enter into it any thing that defileth neither [at all] worketh abomination or maketh a lie .

‘ And it was just like a miracle because no body , none whatsoever , got hurt during the whole operation .
‘ and it was just like a miracle because no body , none [at all] , got hurt during the whole operation .

‘ There appears to be no danger whatsoever associated with radiation — hard or soft — from cathode-ray tubes .
‘ there appears to be no danger [at all] associated with radiation — hard or soft — from cathode-ray tubes .

There are no medical facilities whatsoever at the camp .
there are no medical facilities [at all] at the camp .

In Britain it is estimated that eighty-three per cent of these carers have no outside help whatsoever .
in britain it is estimated that eighty-three per cent of these carers have no outside help [at all] .

In no circumstances whatsoever will there be any admission that the real basic cause of the failure is the one that is most feared to be true .
in no circumstances [at all] will there be any admission that the real basic cause of the failure is the one that is most feared to be true .

It can not be too often repeated that there is no reason whatsoever why humanity should be made to believe that its religion must have origins in the literature and man-made traditions of the remote past .
it can not be too often repeated that there is no reason [at all] why humanity should be made to believe that its religion must have origins in the literature and man-made traditions of the remote past .

Until it is universally accepted that nobody whatsoever has title to property other than that held under rules to be agreed and laid down by all humankind , as distinct from those alleged to have been the product of some ‘ god ’ or other , will the first step towards formulating those rules have been taken .
until it is universally accepted that nobody [at all] has title to property other than that held under rules to be agreed and laid down by all humankind , as distinct from those alleged to have been the product of some ‘ god ’ or other , will the first step towards formulating those rules have been taken .

In no circumstances whatsoever must the objections be allowed to hinder the process .
in no circumstances [at all] must the objections be allowed to hinder the process .

The terms ‘ good ’ and ‘ evil ’ must be regarded as having had no meaning whatsoever in the infinity of time that preceded life on earth .
the terms ‘ good ’ and ‘ evil ’ must be regarded as having had no meaning [at all] in the infinity of time that preceded life on earth .

The ultimate outcome of this is , that without any exception whatsoever and despite all so-called ‘ revelation ’ , all religious writings have been produced entirely by man himself countless millenniums after the advent of life on earth .
the ultimate outcome of this is , that without any exception [at all] and despite all so-called ‘ revelation ’ , all religious writings have been produced entirely by man himself countless millenniums after the advent of life on earth .

Human experience provides no support whatsoever for it .
human experience provides no support [at all] for it .

The concept of the Created God completely rules out the exclusion from the Alternative Religion of any part whatsoever of humankind , whether it be by reason of race , colour , sex , or for any other reason at all which may create an identifiable group or individual .
the concept of the created god completely rules out the exclusion from the alternative religion of any part [at all] of humankind , whether it be by reason of race , colour , sex , or for any other reason at all which may create an identifiable group or individual .

The concepts of ‘ good and evil ’ are associated with human life , they have not been predetermined in any sense whatsoever .
the concepts of ‘ good and evil ’ are associated with human life , they have not been predetermined in any sense [at all] .

The vicious tone does him no credit whatsoever and in fact only serves to tarnish the image of the party .
the vicious tone does him no credit [at all] and in fact only serves to tarnish the image of the party .

Ameling encounters no technical problems whatsoever , and projects with beautiful clarity and chaste style , underlining the sovereign intimacy of much of the material .
ameling encounters no technical problems [at all] , and projects with beautiful clarity and chaste style , underlining the sovereign intimacy of much of the material .

‘ It is striking , ’ he concluded , ‘ that while strict laws govern the use of motor vehicles , anyone may hire a marine craft and then , with no experience whatsoever , without a life-jacket , unable to swim and in a state of advanced inebriation , attempt to navigate a busy and treacherous public waterway .
‘ it is striking , ’ he concluded , ‘ that while strict laws govern the use of motor vehicles , anyone may hire a marine craft and then , with no experience [at all] , without a life-jacket , unable to swim and in a state of advanced inebriation , attempt to navigate a busy and treacherous public waterway .

They had no experience whatsoever of any deaf school .
they had no experience [at all] of any deaf school .

But clearly the old tale from Herodotus would not have survived 2,500 years without any supporting evidence whatsoever , so how can the rare cases that have kept the story going be explained ?
but clearly the old tale from herodotus would not have survived 2,500 years without any supporting evidence [at all] , so how can the rare cases that have kept the story going be explained ?

Because there was no advice whatsoever , very few saved and only later realized how foolish and extravagant they had been :
because there was no advice [at all] , very few saved and only later realized how foolish and extravagant they had been :

The lesson of history is that doctrine becomes a cloak for power politics , rivalry becomes an excuse for dealing ruthlessly and the rule of fear , paranoia and suspicion means that whatsoever is not for us is against us .
the lesson of history is that doctrine becomes a cloak for power politics , rivalry becomes an excuse for dealing ruthlessly and the rule of fear , paranoia and suspicion means that [at all] is not for us is against us .

They also wish to know whether punishment — be it physical or psychological — is of any use whatsoever .
they also wish to know whether punishment — be it physical or psychological — is of any use [at all] .

Parents of aggressive teenagers , on the other hand , tolerate no aggressive displays whatsoever in the home , but condone , indeed , actively encourage and reinforce , provocation and aggressive actions towards others in the community .
parents of aggressive teenagers , on the other hand , tolerate no aggressive displays [at all] in the home , but condone , indeed , actively encourage and reinforce , provocation and aggressive actions towards others in the community .

‘ Whatsoever things are true , honest , just , pure , lovely , of good report ; if there be any virtue and if there be any praise , think on these things .
‘ [at all] things are true , honest , just , pure , lovely , of good report ; if there be any virtue and if there be any praise , think on these things .

Conversely , when we controlled for canalyzing input classes and tested for a residual bias toward high P values , there was no sign whatsoever of such a bias .
conversely , when we controlled for canalyzing input classes and tested for a residual bias toward high p values , there was no sign [at all] of such a bias .

Both cays are covered in forest or thick undergrowth , and there are no settlements whatsoever ( the only Cubans who visit are workers ) .
both cays are covered in forest or thick undergrowth , and there are no settlements [at all] ( the only cubans who visit are workers ) .

Half of the banks charge no fees whatsoever , simply satisfied to have these accounts as a significant growing source of inexpensive money to use almost interest-free .
half of the banks charge no fees [at all] , simply satisfied to have these accounts as a significant growing source of inexpensive money to use almost interest-free .

The plane 's pilot told us there was `` nothing unusual whatsoever '' about the flight other than there were few airplanes in the sky .
the plane 's pilot told us there was `` nothing unusual [at all] '' about the flight other than there were few airplanes in the sky .

If NEADS had not placed that call , the NEADS air defenders would have received no information whatsoever that the flight was even missing , although the FAA had been searching for it .
if neads had not placed that call , the neads air defenders would have received no information [at all] that the flight was even missing , although the faa had been searching for it .

The Post lead says the committee Republicans won a vote allowing pursuit of alleged Clinton fundraising abuses , and the White House is considering not presenting any defense whatsoever to any areas the committee has raised -- because , in the words quoted from presidential spokesman Joe Lockhart , the HJC has been `` hijacked by extremists . ''
the post lead says the committee republicans won a vote allowing pursuit of alleged clinton fundraising abuses , and the white house is considering not presenting any defense [at all] to any areas the committee has raised -- because , in the words quoted from presidential spokesman joe lockhart , the hjc has been `` hijacked by extremists . ''

If the proposal fails , thereby sparing Clinton any penalty whatsoever , so much the better .
if the proposal fails , thereby sparing clinton any penalty [at all] , so much the better .

I apologize not for what I believe , but for my lack of tact and judgment in making a statement that served no purpose whatsoever . ''
i apologize not for what i believe , but for my lack of tact and judgment in making a statement that served no purpose [at all] . ''

Why should someone from across the country , having paid no licensing fees whatsoever , be able to take potential business away from me ?
why should someone from across the country , having paid no licensing fees [at all] , be able to take potential business away from me ?

In one report , Asahi Shimbun said villagers close to the Tokaimura uranium processing plant heard on television they had been told to stay indoors when in fact they had received no instructions whatsoever .
in one report , asahi shimbun said villagers close to the tokaimura uranium processing plant heard on television they had been told to stay indoors when in fact they had received no instructions [at all] .

They showed , he said , that there are some people in the Arab world who refuse to lose -- or even to draw -- under any circumstances whatsoever .
they showed , he said , that there are some people in the arab world who refuse to lose -- or even to draw -- under any circumstances [at all] .

True , this was a one-time event , but it was an event so far removed from anything that could possibly occur in a legitimate academic enterprise that it converted agnostics like me , who had doubted the status of cultural studies as an intellectual discipline , into hard-core cynics with no doubt whatsoever .
true , this was a one-time event , but it was an event so far removed from anything that could possibly occur in a legitimate academic enterprise that it converted agnostics like me , who had doubted the status of cultural studies as an intellectual discipline , into hard-core cynics with no doubt [at all] .

By confusing `` Whatever '' with `` Whatsoever , '' the author of this sign has created a monument to late 20 th -century civic cynicism : the self-mocking sign .
by confusing `` whatever '' with `` [at all] , '' the author of this sign has created a monument to late 20 th -century civic cynicism : the self-mocking sign .

He continues : `` I have no doubt whatsoever that Reagan was a great man and a great president , but some of his conversation in private was astonishingly banal . ''
he continues : `` i have no doubt [at all] that reagan was a great man and a great president , but some of his conversation in private was astonishingly banal . ''

Fortunately , I do n't read papers where he appears , but his work is trite , appallingly apolitical , and graphically bereft of any character whatsoever .
fortunately , i do n't read papers where he appears , but his work is trite , appallingly apolitical , and graphically bereft of any character [at all] .

Baking soda does nothing whatsoever for your teeth .
baking soda does nothing [at all] for your teeth .

Notice that , contrary to the expectations of several readers , none of this has anything to do with the fact that $ 5 million is `` worth '' less than 5 times $ 1 million ; replace the $ 5 million with any other amount whatsoever and the argument still holds .
notice that , contrary to the expectations of several readers , none of this has anything to do with the fact that $ 5 million is `` worth '' less than 5 times $ 1 million ; replace the $ 5 million with any other amount [at all] and the argument still holds .

Later , Jimenez says : `` I definitely will not be using any violence whatsoever , or acts of violence , to further any goals of the independence [ movement ] of Puerto Rico . ''
later , jimenez says : `` i definitely will not be using any violence [at all] , or acts of violence , to further any goals of the independence [ movement ] of puerto rico . ''

The median age in the United States is just over 30 , so most Americans have no personal memory whatsoever of this episode .
the median age in the united states is just over 30 , so most americans have no personal memory [at all] of this episode .

An irresponsible rumor can be set in type , and then printed and distributed by the millions , with no guarantee whatsoever of its accuracy .
an irresponsible rumor can be set in type , and then printed and distributed by the millions , with no guarantee [at all] of its accuracy .

It is unfortunate , therefore , that we were tricked into publishing the highly biased opinions of Mr. Cramer , a man of no discernible qualifications whatsoever -- beyond extensive experience in both business and journalism , a brilliant track record on Wall Street , and a lively writing style , that is .
it is unfortunate , therefore , that we were tricked into publishing the highly biased opinions of mr. cramer , a man of no discernible qualifications [at all] -- beyond extensive experience in both business and journalism , a brilliant track record on wall street , and a lively writing style , that is .

Dick Clark had no particular interest in the rock he was promoting , or in music whatsoever .
dick clark had no particular interest in the rock he was promoting , or in music [at all] .

There is no advantage whatsoever to getting the president to lie before the grand jury , '' says former Deputy Attorney General Philip Heymann .
there is no advantage [at all] to getting the president to lie before the grand jury , '' says former deputy attorney general philip heymann .

In the Times of London Monday , Clarke was quoted as saying , `` There is no truth whatsoever in the allegations that the Sunday Mirror are making against me , and they are very hurtful . ''
in the times of london monday , clarke was quoted as saying , `` there is no truth [at all] in the allegations that the sunday mirror are making against me , and they are very hurtful . ''

I found the drug had no effect on me whatsoever , and I determined not to experiment with illicit substances any further ...
i found the drug had no effect on me [at all] , and i determined not to experiment with illicit substances any further ...

The postwar Romantic look involved sloping shoulders , a very straight spine , delicate bones , and no muscles whatsoever .
the postwar romantic look involved sloping shoulders , a very straight spine , delicate bones , and no muscles [at all] .

The overall impression must remain that of no trouble taken whatsoever , even to make a straight part , so that the hair looks as if sun and wind and some tumbling in bed were all it ever got .
the overall impression must remain that of no trouble taken [at all] , even to make a straight part , so that the hair looks as if sun and wind and some tumbling in bed were all it ever got .

Her novels argue that criminals must pay for their actions -- no forgiveness , no rehabilitation , no excuses whatsoever -- but she 's also admitted to bouts with childhood molestation , bulimia , and bipolar mood swings , and she has asked that people who suffer such traumas be given a little TLC .
her novels argue that criminals must pay for their actions -- no forgiveness , no rehabilitation , no excuses [at all] -- but she 's also admitted to bouts with childhood molestation , bulimia , and bipolar mood swings , and she has asked that people who suffer such traumas be given a little tlc .

The problem is that Ms. Pera seems to have no understanding whatsoever of what Nabokov was up to in Lolita , and so can not begin to re-imagine his story in any meaningful way . ''
the problem is that ms. pera seems to have no understanding [at all] of what nabokov was up to in lolita , and so can not begin to re-imagine his story in any meaningful way . ''

They had no motility whatsoever .
they had no motility [at all] .

Ernie Els alone among the final four had won an Open , but was a vanilla man , plain-looking and apparently without any emotions whatsoever .
ernie els alone among the final four had won an open , but was a vanilla man , plain-looking and apparently without any emotions [at all] .

I think I might finally be getting the hang of this getting-up-before-midafternoon concept , and with absolutely no dog-assistance whatsoever .
i think i might finally be getting the hang of this getting-up-before-midafternoon concept , and with absolutely no dog-assistance [at all] .

All of which makes the reader wonder if the Times has ever heard of cable access TV , which has no affect whatsoever on major broadcasters and is execrable .
all of which makes the reader wonder if the times has ever heard of cable access tv , which has no affect [at all] on major broadcasters and is execrable .

Of no interest to us whatsoever once the game or race begins .
of no interest to us [at all] once the game or race begins .

Most of all , the program should stress that a man 's evolved sexual desires offer him no excuse whatsoever for raping a woman , and that if he understands and resists those desires , he may be able to prevent their manifestation in sexually coercive behavior .
most of all , the program should stress that a man 's evolved sexual desires offer him no excuse [at all] for raping a woman , and that if he understands and resists those desires , he may be able to prevent their manifestation in sexually coercive behavior .

What is hypocritical is the way we 've got all these Cuban refugees languishing in U.S. prisons , without any rights whatsoever to a speedy trial , just because they came here in a less dramatic fashion than did young Elian .
what is hypocritical is the way we 've got all these cuban refugees languishing in u.s. prisons , without any rights [at all] to a speedy trial , just because they came here in a less dramatic fashion than did young elian .

On July 15 , he called a press conference to declare : `` Sen. Helms ' opposition has nothing whatsoever to do with drug policy .
on july 15 , he called a press conference to declare : `` sen. helms ' opposition has nothing [at all] to do with drug policy .

After pausing slightly for air , McCurry added indignantly , 'So there 's no parallel whatsoever . '
after pausing slightly for air , mccurry added indignantly , 'so there 's no parallel [at all] . '

We look around our own solar system , and what appears to be common are planets that have no life whatsoever .
we look around our own solar system , and what appears to be common are planets that have no life [at all] .

Three nascent grassroots anti-gambling campaigns in the West could finally bring attention to the real issue in American gambling , which has nothing whatsoever to do with casinos or multimillion-dollar jackpots .
three nascent grassroots anti-gambling campaigns in the west could finally bring attention to the real issue in american gambling , which has nothing [at all] to do with casinos or multimillion-dollar jackpots .

The Post exclusive informs that a Defense Department team has investigated allegations of a Greek breach of NATO security and concluded that there has been `` no compromise of technology whatsoever . ''
the post exclusive informs that a defense department team has investigated allegations of a greek breach of nato security and concluded that there has been `` no compromise of technology [at all] . ''

That he never had any intention whatsoever of doing this movie ?
that he never had any intention [at all] of doing this movie ?

Laurence Urdang Puzlpack Version 3 , for IBM PS 's or compatibles Puzzle solvers seem to fall into two categories , those who use reference books to help them find the right answers and those who eschew any aids whatsoever .
laurence urdang puzlpack version 3 , for ibm ps 's or compatibles puzzle solvers seem to fall into two categories , those who use reference books to help them find the right answers and those who eschew any aids [at all] .

In general , back-formation of new singulars from plurals is a sign that the plural is textually more frequent than the singular ( indeed , the Oxford English Dictionary lists only frijoles and no singular form whatsoever for English ) .
in general , back-formation of new singulars from plurals is a sign that the plural is textually more frequent than the singular ( indeed , the oxford english dictionary lists only frijoles and no singular form [at all] for english ) .

Most of the preceding commentary has nothing whatsoever to do with the substance of Nineteenth-Century English , which traces the spread , growth , and increasing universality of the English language during that period .
most of the preceding commentary has nothing [at all] to do with the substance of nineteenth-century english , which traces the spread , growth , and increasing universality of the english language during that period .

Being either homosexual or heterosexual , male or female , or fitting into any one of the myriad gradations between those extremes has nothing whatsoever to do with taste or values , and I did not imply that it does .
being either homosexual or heterosexual , male or female , or fitting into any one of the myriad gradations between those extremes has nothing [at all] to do with taste or values , and i did not imply that it does .

In spelling , grammar , and plain meaning it made no sense whatsoever .
in spelling , grammar , and plain meaning it made no sense [at all] .

Apart from these curiosities are the many quite standard instances of scripts serving to reproduce languages with which they have no organic relationship whatsoever .
apart from these curiosities are the many quite standard instances of scripts serving to reproduce languages with which they have no organic relationship [at all] .

For the manipulation of language as an art one must first view it as a craft , and the acquisition of any craft can not be accomplished without effort : one does not become a writer by sitting around thinking about it or by saying he is a writer when someone asks , “ What do you do ? ’ ; one is a writer by virtue of the fact that he writes , with no regard whatsoever to publication .
for the manipulation of language as an art one must first view it as a craft , and the acquisition of any craft can not be accomplished without effort : one does not become a writer by sitting around thinking about it or by saying he is a writer when someone asks , “ what do you do ? ’ ; one is a writer by virtue of the fact that he writes , with no regard [at all] to publication .

If one had no other information whatsoever about an omitted letter , guessing that the letter might be E would probably be more reasonable than guessing X .
if one had no other information [at all] about an omitted letter , guessing that the letter might be e would probably be more reasonable than guessing x .

Since the same is true of every natural language , it follows that mathematics makes no sense whatsoever and thus that it can be ignored for all practical purposes .
since the same is true of every natural language , it follows that mathematics makes no sense [at all] and thus that it can be ignored for all practical purposes .

There was no agonizing whatsoever on the part of the editors : every editor associated with the book wanted those words in .
there was no agonizing [at all] on the part of the editors : every editor associated with the book wanted those words in .

