And the Princess Joanna 's marriage to David Stewart was to be declared null and void , since both had been mere infants at its celebration , and the princess free to marry whomsoever her royal brother selected , Balliol himself being glad and privileged to wed her if this was his Lord Edward 's will and choice .
and the princess joanna 's marriage to david stewart was to be declared null and void , since both had been mere infants at its celebration , and the princess free to marry [whomever] her royal brother selected , balliol himself being glad and privileged to wed her if this was his lord edward 's will and choice .

In short , as a presentation changed from a piece of management patronage , it became a right of the major landowners of a parish to present whomsoever they wished , providing a majority of the landed property was favourable .
in short , as a presentation changed from a piece of management patronage , it became a right of the major landowners of a parish to present [whomever] they wished , providing a majority of the landed property was favourable .

Now can it be said to be clear by the law of Scotland that the locus here is beyond what the legislature may assert right to affect by legislation against all whomsoever for the purpose of regulating methods of fishing ?
now can it be said to be clear by the law of scotland that the locus here is beyond what the legislature may assert right to affect by legislation against all [whomever] for the purpose of regulating methods of fishing ?

Parliament is sovereign and in theory it can give the task of determining the legal meaning of whatsoever it chooses to whomsoever it likes .
parliament is sovereign and in theory it can give the task of determining the legal meaning of whatsoever it chooses to [whomever] it likes .

But , since shareholders have a prima facie right to transfer to whomsoever they please , this right is not to be cut down by uncertain language or doubtful implications .
but , since shareholders have a prima facie right to transfer to [whomever] they please , this right is not to be cut down by uncertain language or doubtful implications .

Basically , the way you should explain it to your buyer client is that the share of a joint tenant passes automatically to the survivor on death , whereas the share of a tenant in common passes under the terms of their will to whomsoever their beneficiaries may be .
basically , the way you should explain it to your buyer client is that the share of a joint tenant passes automatically to the survivor on death , whereas the share of a tenant in common passes under the terms of their will to [whomever] their beneficiaries may be .

There was the abdication crisis , in which Joyce and the Fascist movement supported Edward Vlll and his right to marry whomsoever he chose .
there was the abdication crisis , in which joyce and the fascist movement supported edward vlll and his right to marry [whomever] he chose .

And of course , that communication , that trust , to whomsoever offered , must not be refused or betrayed .
and of course , that communication , that trust , to [whomever] offered , must not be refused or betrayed .

form a Government of whomsoever he pleases or can get .
form a government of [whomever] he pleases or can get .

We arranged that we should take turns to cook for whomsoever was on the same watch .
we arranged that we should take turns to cook for [whomever] was on the same watch .

Queen Victoria achieved a big improvement when she insisted that prime ministers should not choose whomsoever they liked without consulting the Archbishop of Canterbury ; and in later stages she was able to insist that if the archbishop objected , the prime minister 's nomination should not go forward .
queen victoria achieved a big improvement when she insisted that prime ministers should not choose [whomever] they liked without consulting the archbishop of canterbury ; and in later stages she was able to insist that if the archbishop objected , the prime minister 's nomination should not go forward .

But instead he told whomsoever it might concern that he was Alan Bleath , a researcher employed by the above company and he needed to buy 10 grams of thallium for research purposes .
but instead he told [whomever] it might concern that he was alan bleath , a researcher employed by the above company and he needed to buy 10 grams of thallium for research purposes .

