I mean you have to really be her friend .
What kind of question is that ?
Men play love to have sex , women play for sex to get love .
I do n't mean to be mean .
I would say a 15 % of 45 % , then once you get to know the person , 15 %
Because some women send subtle messages to guys instead of being clear .
Get a coffee and talk and take from that point !
And I hate it when my father is unhappy .
Ask him if you should go see a doctor .
If you want to post some more cough on yahoo answers
He probably has a lot to worry about right now other than you .
But I do n't think he will cheat or leave you because of sex .
Will I feel that way ?
But he may enjoy all the waiting dream and flirting ...
And I want to try again .
Yes , some men shave , it depends on the woman .
Well if you really like this guy then smile and talk nicely .
I do n't know if he loves you , but he definitely likes you .
I 'd ask you out but I live in oregon and I 'm totally sorry to where you live .
I do n't know , women are jensen .
I know I do n't have too hold up with it , how do I stop this ?
Doing that does sound like a girl .
If the bad bad , then it 's worth it .
that 's if both of you do this .
One female : Michelle , Who would n't be mentioned , said she did n't believe in it .
Well why do you like the one boy who picks on you ?
Plus , men sometimes think they do n't need you that bad until you are gone .
Or if a guy asks you , do n't be afraid to say no .
Do I want to be in love ?
that 's the name I applied to it ... why ?
If you look at them , they 'll think you are hidding
I think that you are right it is confusing
How do I get my man to show me he loves me .
that 's if you really love them .
Do n't sell yourself , even if he 's rich .
You sound like a really nice person so do n't allow these women to make you feel bad .
I have no idea but I 've heard of another page
I want you to consider how many confident women there are !
That would be a little skanky without being in a relationship .
And he asked if I wanted to use his chew .
you can say it ... but only if you mean it ... and hold her hands and look into her eyes ...
Never let a man treat you .
No way , he 's too good , and I 'm speechless , but I 'm not sure .
If he says yes then you can tell him .
What was the mistake that you did ?
It 's called aresgalaxy Your Mother Loves You
Why are we in a relationship if our partner treats us badly after we fall in love ?
If you have experienced it , what was it like ?
Its not a turn off if she drinks .
If you want to ...
Like getting rid of a drug habit .
Wow I should do that the next time I am dating .
What do you want , but what you want ?
It sounds like you both are comfortable with how things are now .
Do n't let her down for you , she will just have to learn to deal with it .
If he does n't go out with you , do n't worry , there 's plenty of other fish in the sea .
No man gave you everything you want .
If you want to stay married , you need to find yourself .
Start with a simple question and go from there .
Ask to see if they came out with you !
Trust him and do n't bring the matter up again .
I 'm still trying to work my nerves to try that out .
Find the one who loves you too .
You are I 'll be your man you come to me town .
Stay really far away from this guy .
You ca n't hate one , I hate them all to say the least .
I 'd say about three or 4 .
I do n't know ... would you like to have an item in your a $ $ a $ $
He is a playa and he 's been telling that to some young woman .
I knew all my ex girlfriends werent the one until I met my wife .
Do n't try to have both of them at once , whatever you do .
Sex is not the only thing important in life !
I have a yahoo email address and that 's enough for me .
For me , fun with eating lunch .
But he was a lil busy after that .
And that will just be sex .
Do n't go to her and let her know that you find her looks hot .
Sounds like you 're going through plenty of things right now .
But then ask a girl about the signs , I 'm a boy .
I had always felt the same way but my own changed when I met my true love !
Men are stupid and what person know the meaning behind their actions ?
Best friend is a good one to marry in nobody else works out .
I do n't want to go out suddenly and ask , bounty you go out with me .
Unless you know him pretty well , you are stinking your self out there to get hurt .
You just have to replace it back in the same way you did the first time .
If you feel something its not good or bad .
They annoy you all over the day .
Go to Hawaii or just pay someone
His or her brains , the way they carry themselves , good looks , and how active they play .
I can just stop caring about him and forget about him like he ment nothing to me .
Is it like a clear that turns yellow when it bleeds ?
If she sits on your best friends lap , it 's a turn off .
Well if it was before his relationship with you obviously he was n't cheating at all .
He just had a control personality .
Putin is one of the gifts we can give us selves .
Get married only after youve been with a guy for 2 years .
Hi and hugs to all my fellow girls at eliza !
Putin , just be your self
I have no idea what you 're trying to say .
A guy asked if I would mind cuddling with him .
