Imagine that you 've just written what you believe is a great piece of content .
You 're ready to get it off your plate and send it out to the world .
But wait just a second !
Before you hit the publish button , are you positive that you 've done everything you can to ensure your content 's success ?
After all , you 've probably worked hard to create that piece of content , so do n't you want to be sure that it will work just as hard for you ?
Below we have put together a list of the 10 questions that we think content marketers should always ask themselves before they publish their content .
Maybe you 're already asking yourself some of them , which is a good start .
However , unless you can answer yes to all of them for every piece of content you create , you 're doing your content and yourself a disservice .
If you do n't want to miss out on an opportunity to make your content great , always ask yourself these questions : 1 ) Is it really readable ?
It 's easy to bog content down in ways that make it hard for readers to understand .
Using long , overly complex sentences , lots of acronyms , or industry jargon , for example , not only slow readers down , it makes reading the content much less enjoyable .
Do your readers a favor and simplify your writing .
They 'll appreciate it !
2 ) Is it easily scanable ?
Even though we want people to read our content , the reality is that people are short on time and often skim instead .
That 's why you should always ensure that your content is laid out to accommodate people who are scanning so that they can get the gist of what you 're trying to communicate even if they do n't read every word .
Improving scanability often is as simple as : Breaking up long paragraphs into smaller , easier-to-consume chunks Breaking up paragraphs with headings and sub-heads Putting key information into bulleted lists .
Long documents often also benefit from an executive summary or callouts that summarize key points .
3 ) Was it written with a specific audience in mind ?
As writers , we always want our content to resonate with our audiences .
Yet unless we have a good understanding of who our audience is — and in particular what they need and care about — that 's pretty hard to do .
So before you write your next piece of content , try to put yourself in your customers ' shoes : What pain points do they have that you can help them resolve ?
What types of content do they prefer to consume ?
What style is going to be most effective with them ?
The more you consider your audience , the better the content you create is going to be .
4 ) Does your content have the right tone of voice ?
While you 're thinking about your audience , think about what kind of tone of voice is most likely to resonate with them .
Is it ok to adopt a casual tone , or is something more formal appropriate ?
Are you writing for a general audience or for one with a high level of knowledge and expertise ?
Is it ok to introduce a little humor into your writing , or does it have to be strictly professional .
Getting the tone of voice right is essential to creating a piece of content that works for your audience .
5 ) Does it provide value to the reader ?
This is one of the main tenets of content marketing .
You 've got to give your audience information that they need or want .
It 's no longer enough to simply tout the virtues of your business , your products , and your services .
Instead , you 've got to use your content as a way of conveying to your audience how they can solve whatever problems they may be facing .
If you do n't , you 'll be wasting their time , something that they surely wo n't appreciate .
6 ) Is it optimized for search ?
You need to make sure that you 're doing everything you can to make your content attractive to search engines .
That means adding keywords in all of the right places ( e.g. , your headline , sprinkled throughout your content including the first sentence , and in your meta tags , to name a few ) .
Adding links to other pages within your site and externally can also help .
7 ) Does it have a compelling call to action ?
The whole point of creating content is to get your audience to do something as a result of consuming it .
That could be something as simple as consuming even more content or it could be getting them to make a purchase .
No matter what the case may be , your audience wo n't do anything unless you direct them to with a clear call to action .
Importantly , do n't dilute your message with too many calls to action .
One or at most two is all you should include .
8 ) Does it have a great headline and image ?
With so much content competing for people 's attention , you 've got to work really hard at attracting people to yours .
In most cases , the only bait we 've got are the headlines and images that people see before clicking on a particular piece of content .
Make sure that your headlines are pithy and engaging and that they accurately represent the content that people will find when the click through .
Photos should be high quality , visually engaging , and not generic stock photography .
9 ) Does it give credit where credit is due ?
There are lots of great ideas out there and not all of them are going to be yours .
It 's fine to share other people 's ideas , but when you do , make sure that you give them credit for it .
Take care to cite your sources .
Not only will it make you look more credible and trustworthy , it will keep you out of trouble over the long term .
10 ) Do you have a strategy for distributing your content to the right people ?
Creating the content is just the first step in content marketing .
What are you going to do after you publish it to ensure that it gets in front of all of the right people ?
Beyond just publishing the content to your website , you need to consider how you can promote it through social media , influencer marketing , paid promotion , and other tactics .
This is an incredibly important piece of the puzzle and , if you 're not giving it the attention it deserves , you 're missing out on a big opportunity .
So can you answer yes to all 10 questions ?
Or are there other questions that you like to ask yourself before you publish your content ?
We recently shared a post containing part 1 of a list of the problem words that writers tend to get wrong .
This week we 're at it again with the second half of the list .
Although the words you 'll find below are easy to take for granted , some of them are trickier than you might think .
Even if you 're confident that you 're using them all correctly , you might just learn a thing or two by taking a quick read through the explanations and examples we 've provided .
Alternate and Alternative These words are n't always interchangeable as nouns and adjectives .
Alternate means every other in a series .
Alternative means one of two or more possibilities .
As the other one of a series of two , an alternate may stand for a `` substitute , '' but an alternative , although used in a similar sense , connotes a choice between two or more different possibilities .
Example : As the flooded road left them no alternative , they took an alternate route .
Amount and Number Amount refers to things in bulk : Example : a large amount of goods Number refers to individual items : Example : a number of options .
Compare To and Compare With Compare to asserts a likeness to something : Example : Index funds are often compared to the indexes after which they are modeled .
Compare with analyzes similarities and differences : Example : How do growth funds compare with value funds ?
Different From and Different Than Different from is used when a comparison is drawn directly between two persons or things : Example : Objectives are different from goals .
Different than is used when the object of comparison is expressed by a full clause : Example : My job is different than it used to be .
Due To , Because Of , and On Account Of Due to modifies a noun : Example : Her success is due to her hard work .
Because of and on account of modify verbs : Example : Prices rose because of increased demand ( … on account of increasing demand ) .
Fewer and Less Fewer is used for things that can be counted ( numbers ) .
Example : fewer people Less is used for things that can not be counted ( qualities ) .
Example : less enthusiasm If and Whether If means in the event that : Example : The office will close if it 's a holiday .
Whether implies alternative conditions or possibilities : Example : The customer did n't say whether the deal had been approved .
Imply and Infer Imply means to suggest : Example : A falling stock market implies trouble in the economy .
Infer means to assume or to deduce : Example : We can infer from the falling stock market that the economy is weak .
Myriad and Myriad Of As an adjective , myriad means innumerable .
Example : myriad solutions However , it can also function as a noun , meaning a great number .
Example : a myriad of choices Percent and Percentage Percent is accompanied by a numeral : Example : 20 percent Percentage is used for all other cases : Examples : the percentage of people ; as a percentage of the total Quote and Quotation Quote is a verb : Example : The article will quote the company 's president .
Quotation is a noun : Example : Several quotations ( not quotes ) were cited from her speech .
Regardless Of and Irrespective Of Regardless of and irrespective of can be used synonymously : Examples : The market will fluctuate regardless of what happens overseas ; The company posted solid profits irrespective of the volatility in the third quarter .
Note : Irregardless is not a word and should not be used in place of regardless or irrespective of .
So now you 've seen all of the problem words that we 've collected .
What are we missing ?
Are there other examples that you can think of that either trip up you or other writers you know ?
Please let us know in the comments section below !
Even the best writers can get tripped up sometimes by the nuances and intricacies of the English language .
That 's particularly true when it comes to using certain words and phrases correctly .
You know the ones we 're talking about : Do you pay someone a compliment or a complement ?
When do you use raise versus rise ?
And surely there 's a difference between farther and further , but what exactly is it ?
Here at Acrolinx we thought we could help by sharing a list that we 've been compiling of the so-called problem words that people often get wrong , along with some examples of how to use them properly .
The list that follows is far from complete ( this is just part 1 of a bigger collection of problem words that we 'll publish over time ) , but it starts us off with some of the peskiest words that perhaps trip people up from time to time .
These include : Affect and Effect Affect is a verb meaning to have an influence on : Example : Inflation affects the buying power of the dollar .
Effect used as a noun means a result , i.e. , something brought about or caused : Example : The effect of inflation on buying power is substantial .
Note : In some instances , effect can be used as a verb meaning to bring about or cause .
Among and Between Between is used when discussing two subjects : Example : The difference between cats and dogs .
Among is used when discussing three or more objects : Example : The donation was distributed among a hospital , a school , and a local charity .
Assure , Ensure and Insure Assure means to give confidence .
Example : Let me assure you that we have a good solution to your problem .
Ensure means to make certain .
Example : What can you do to ensure that we arrive on time ?
Insure means to protect against loss .
Example : Our house is insured for up to one million dollars .
Complement and Compliment Complement means to complete : Example : Her expertise complements her experience .
Compliment means to flatter : Example : He complimented her on a job well done .
Comprise and Compose Comprise means to include , contain , or consist of : Example : The whole comprises the parts .
Note : is comprised of is considered incorrect usage .
Compose means to make up the whole : Example : The parts compose the whole .
The whole is composed of ( not comprised of ) the parts : The company comprises three business units .
The three business units compose the company .
The company is composed of three business units .
Each Other and One Another Each other refers to two persons or things : Example : The two executives respected each other .
One another refers to more than two : Example : The four competitors respected one another .
Farther and Further Farther refers to actual distance : Example : farther away from here Further refers to figurative distance , as in a greater degree or extent : Example : nothing further from my mind i.e .
/ e.g .
Use a comma before and after i.e .
and e.g .
and in running text set them in Roman type .
is from the Latin id est , meaning that is : Example : They chose the best blog around , i.e. , they chose the Acrolinx blog .
is from the Latin exempli gratia , meaning for example : Example : A variety of dogs , e.g. , cocker spaniels and poodles , are bred here .
Influence , Impact and Affect Influence means to alter by indirect or intangible means .
It implies a force that brings about a change within the object of the influence , as in nature or behavior : Example : Geopolitical factors influenced consumer confidence .
Impact means to impinge , make contact or strike forcefully , or to have a major effect on : Example : The tech bubble could impact stock market performance .
Affect can mean to produce a material effect upon .
It implies the action of a stimulus that can produce a response or reaction .
Example : Trauma can affect our ability to think straight .
Last and Latest Last means after all others : Example : The last meeting of the year will be held in December .
Latest means most recent : Example : The latest report came out in November .
Over and More Than Over should be used only to denote spatial relationships : Example : Lob the ball over your opponent 's head .
Over may also be used to describe age : Example : The house is over 60 years old .
More than is used to mean exceeding : Example : The company has more than $ 2 million in assets .
Note : Over may be used in place of more than to avoid awkward repetition of more than .
Example : There were over 200 delegates from more than 11 countries present at the conference .
Presently and Currently Presently means soon , in a short time .
Example : He 'll be arriving presently .
Currently means now .
Example : We 're currently in Colorado .
Principal and Principle Principal can be an adjective or a noun .
As an adjective , it means primary ; as a noun , it means the head of an institution or the amount of money borrowed or invested .
Examples : Our principal development languages are C++ and Java .
The school principal sent for me .
My investment guarantees that I wo n't lose my principal .
Principle means a fundamental value or premise .
Example : The nation was founded on the principle of equality before the law .
Memory hint : `` the principal [ of the school ] is your pal '' Raise and Rise Raise is a transitive verb and must have an object : Example : Raise the bar .
Rise is an intransitive verb and connotes self-action : Example : The sun rises in the east .
Than and Then Than is used in comparison , normally introducing a clause : Example : Prices are lower than they were .
Then refers to time : Example : then and now Toward and Towards These words are interchangeable , but toward is preferred in American writing .
We 'll continue to build out our list of problem words and publish another post again soon ... er… presently .
In the meantime , what are some of the problem words that either you or others you know struggle with ?
Part of being a good content marketer is being resourceful and knowing what tools are available that can help you get your job done faster or more cost-effectively .
After all , we could all do our jobs better if we had infinite budgets .
But the reality is that we do n't so we need to find creative ways to get things done .
With that in mind , below we 're sharing six of our favorite online tools that are either completely or partially free or at least offer free trials .
They 're all great resources that we 've found very useful and that we believe could help you with various aspects of your day-to-day job .
1 ) Get All of the Icons You Need with The Noun Project Have you ever needed an icon for a presentation , eBook , or infographic ?
If so , The Noun Project is for you .
It 's a website that aggregates and catalogs symbols and icons that graphic designers from around the world have created .
You can get some `` public domain '' icons for free , and buy the rest for $ 1.99 each or get access to all of them for a nominal monthly fee .
As visual content becomes increasingly popular , having access to a library of high-quality icons can be extremely useful .
2 ) Make Your Own Infographics with Piktochart Speaking of visual design , have you heard of Piktochart ?
It 's a tool that allows you to easily create infographics using various themes and images .
Now admittedly you 're not going to be able to design something unique using a tool like this , but if your goal is to start creating infographics and you do n't have access to a designer , Piktochart is a great alternative .
You can start creating infographics for free using a limited number of free templates or create a paid account to get unlimited access .
3 ) Get a Quick Comparison of Keywords with Google Fight Ever wonder which search terms are most popular but have n't wanted to go to the trouble of or did n't know how to do a keyword analysis ?
The solution you 're looking for might be Google Fight .
Simply enter in two search terms , click the `` fight '' button , and let the two terms duke it out ( with a corresponding cute animation ) until you 're presented with a winner : the term that 's more popular in terms of global searches .
It 's a free tool and a quick and easy way to evaluate the relative merits of two different search terms .
4 ) Find Out How Your and Your Competitors ' Websites Measure Up with Alexa With tools like Google Analytics it 's easy to get insights into how your website is performing .
But that information may not be useful if you do n't have the right frame of reference .
That 's where Alexa comes in .
Simply enter any URL into the tool and you can instantly see the site 's global and local ranks ( based on page views ) , bounce rate , and time on site , among various other useful metrics .
You can get this kind of information for free and , if you 're willing to shell out a few bucks , access to a whole lot more .
5 ) Discover How Effective Your Headlines Are with the Emotional Marketing Value Headline Analyzer The headline is often first and only thing that people see when they decide whether or not to consume your content .
As a result , you 've got to make sure that they 're spot on .
Fortunately , the Emotional Marketing Value Headline Analyzer can help .
It gives your headline a score ( anything that earns a 40 percent or higher is deemed to be effective ) based on the words that you have chosen by comparing them to a database of information about the relative emotional associations with each one .
While nothing beats testing to see if your headlines work , this tool is a free , easy way to get some feedback about how well your headline might work .
6 ) Capture , Annotate , and Share What 's On Your Computer with Awesome Screenshot Most of us know how to capture a screenshot of what we 're seeing on our computer 's monitor ( you can press the `` print screen '' button on your PC or hold down the `` shift , '' `` command '' and `` number four '' buttons on your Mac ) , but all that does is give you an image .
What 's so useful about Awesome Screenshot is that with the click of a button you can not only take a screen shot ( of either the entire page you 're on or just the section visible on your screen at that moment ) but also easily mark it up to draw people 's attention to specific parts .
You can then either save the image to your desktop or save it as a link that you can send to others .
Every good content marketer has a few tricks and secret tools up his or her sleeves .
We 've shared some of our favorites .
Now it 's your turn to tell us about the one you 're using .
Have you ever heard of Amy Cuddy ?
In addition to being a Harvard researcher and renowned social psychologist , she has the distinction of having delivered the second most watched TED talk of all time .
With well over 20 million views and counting since it was published in June 2012 , that 's no small feat and worth checking out .
Given that Acrolinx sells content optimization software , you may expect the topic of Cuddy 's TED talk to be content marketing or content management .
In fact , her 21-minute presentation is actually about something very different : In it , she offers what she calls `` a non-tech life hack '' about something very simple : your posture .
Now before you jump to conclusions or start to think that we 've lost our focus , just bear with us for a minute .
We have a point ( and one we think you 'll care about ) , we promise .
The whole premise behind Cuddy 's talk is that nonverbal communication like posture and body language not only influences how others perceive us , but also how we think and feel about ourselves .
In her presentation , she also succinctly describes how the way we carry ourselves can affect our behavior .
She explains , for example , how assuming a power pose ( think of the pose most athletes strike when they 're first to cross the finish line : chest out , arms extended into the air , head tilted back ) for just two minutes can positively influence testosterone and cortisol levels in the brain .
Importantly , those are the hormones that drive dominance and regulate stress , respectively .
When they 're at the right levels , people become more confident and relaxed , which leads them to be perceived as more powerful and confident .
In fact , Cuddy 's research has shown that by getting in the habit of striking a power pose prior to important meetings , interviews , or other social interactions ( preferably at home or in the privacy of an empty restroom , elevator , or office ) can improve how those situations turn out .
She goes on to explain that our body has the ability to change our minds , that our minds in turn can change our behavior , and that our behavior can change the outcomes of all sorts of things .
Here at Acrolinx , we got to wondering if the same effect could be applied to writing .
Surely your mindset plays a big role in everything you do , including how confidently you write .
And , according to this wonderful SlideShare presentation from Doug Kessler at Velocity Partners , `` the magic ingredient of great marketing is confidence . ''
He goes on to say that your readers want your writing to be confident : `` we want to be taken places . ''
So if you go into a writing project feeling relaxed , confident , and powerful , wo n't that positively affect your writing ?
The result would not only be an easier writing process , but also better content that 's more authoritative , convincing , and impactful .
By giving your content the backbone it desperately needs , you can take a stand and communicate your messages more effectively .
And is n't that exactly what every writer wants ?
To communicate their messages to their target audience and get them to take some sort of action ?
When your writing is compelling , demonstrates your knowledge , and conveys your confidence , it engages your audience and inspires trust .
That in turn positively shapes their view of your content and of your company .
Now while we have n't tested this ourselves ( though we admit to striking a power pose prior to writing this post ) , there could be something to this whole notion of optimizing your mind to get better results .
So we 'd like to encourage all of you to start paying more attention to your posture and body language , making use of power poses , and above all else , to approach every writing task you face with confidence .
We believe the outcome will be better content , which in our view is well worth the two minutes of time it takes you to strike a pose .
Try it out and let us know what you think !
Editor 's note : This post is adapted from a recent presentation given by Corinne Kanaly , Senior Manager , Technical Publications , at Qualcomm during Acrolinx 's 2014 Online Conference .
You can access the full presentation on video .
When San Diego-based Qualcomm decided to transform its content to be more externally focused , members of its technical publications team knew that they had an opportunity to raise the quality of their content as well .
As a global designer of wireless telecommunications products and services , Qualcomm had a sizeable technical publications team of more than 150 professionals spread across the United States , India , and China .
Working across multiple offices , the team had developed numerous silos , each with its own standards for style and terminology .
With the new mandate to transform their content , they saw an opportunity to change .
While finding the right tool to support the effort of improving and standardizing Qualcomm 's content proved easy enough — Acrolinx was a natural fit — getting all of the company 's writers on board with using it promised to be a much bigger challenge .
That 's because at Qualcomm , most of the executives do n't dictate which tools their departments use .
Instead , when a new tool is purchased , it 's up to the people who advocated for its purchase to form a launch team and generate the interest and excitement necessary to ensure its adoption .
Knowing that the only way to truly improve their content across the business was if as many writers as possible started using Acrolinx , the launch team took a three-pronged approach to promoting the tool : 1 ) inspire their fellow writers ; 2 ) ensure that Acrolinx was set up to meet the team 's requirements ; and 3 ) celebrate the launch with all of the writers .
The team decided that the best way to get everyone on board with Acrolinx was by developing an internal marketing campaign to educate them about it and pique their interest .
As part of that marketing effort the team : Developed a SharePoint site with information about their goal to optimize technical documentation .
The site also housed training materials such as a user 's guide , a quick reference card , FAQs , and other related information .
Created a variety of promotional materials , including posters to hang up around the offices , a video , a banner , and graphics for use in emails .
Made it easy for people to get in touch with the Acrolinx team to ask questions or report any issues that arose .
All of these activities culminated in a `` demo day '' in which the entire technical publications team was invited to come and get a demonstration of how Acrolinx works and how it could make their jobs easier .
The event attracted 56 people and was so successful that 60 people started using Acrolinx the very next day .
New users have been joining every week since and today there are approximately 100 writers within the team who are using Acrolinx .
To help socialize Acrolinx , keep it top of mind , and continue to build momentum and interest , the launch team has since held contests to recognize writers who are using the system .
For example , they awarded the most improved score and the highest score .
Doing so has helped to ensure that the platform gets adopted and used .
Today , Qualcomm has higher-quality , more consistent content and its technical publications team is better equipped to meet the changing demands of the business .
By creating a successful campaign to get its writers involved and engaged , the launch team was able to ensure the widespread adoption of Acrolinx .
Do you have other ideas to improve technology adoption in general or the adoption of Acrolinx specifically ?
Please share your thoughts in the comments section .
If you 're a business writer , then you know that your job is n't easy .
In addition to constantly understanding and synthesizing other people 's complex ideas , which in itself is often no small feat , you also have to find a way to translate those ideas into clear , concise language that your readers will understand .
Plus you need to ensure that your writing is engaging , accurate , and above all enjoyable to read .
It 's a daunting challenge .
Fortunately , there are a variety of resources available that you can turn to make your job easier .
Below we 've compiled what we consider to be some of the best resources for writers , including style guides , guides to writing , and other related reference tools .
STYLE GUIDES 1 ) The Elements of Style William Strunk and E.B .
White are two of the best-known names in writing .
Their classic , The Elements of Style , is a go-to style guide that provides concise advice about how to write clear and correct English .
In it , Strunk and White provide guidance on everything from the most elementary rules of usage ( such as the proper use of possessives , commas , and pronouns ) to the principles of composition and commonly misused words and expressions .
At a mere 105 pages , it 's a small book that packs a surprisingly big punch , and a must-have reference tool that writers need to have at their fingertips .
2 ) The Chicago Manual of Style Now in its sixteenth edition , The Chicago Manual of Style is n't just a guide for writers , but for editors and publishers , as well , as it offers definitive advice on style and process .
In addition to providing comprehensive guidance on all things grammar , it contains detailed information about the publishing process ( including electronic publications such as web-based content and eBooks ) and documentation .
Helpfully , the manual is now also available online for an annual subscription fee , giving users on-demand access to its great content with the added benefit of search capabilities to help you navigate its more than 1,000 pages of advice .
WRITING GUIDES 3 ) Everybody Writes : Your Go-to Guide for Creating Ridiculously Good Content Regular readers of the Acrolinx blog will recognize this next pick ( we wrote a full review of it here ) , which is a modern supplement to the style guides cited above .
Ann Handley 's new book Everybody Writes : Your Go-to Guide to Creating Ridiculously Good Content provides humorous , yet also extremely useful , advice for writers of all stripes .
Perhaps most valuable of all , the book outlines specific guidance on how to create the types of content that really matter to marketers , such as e-mails , landing pages , and infographics .
4 ) Copywriting 101 : How to Craft Compelling Copy Brought to you by the folks at Copyblogger , this guide to copywriting is all about using the right words to get people to take action .
This free eBook provides a 10-step guide to effective copy-writing .
It outlines a variety of topics , including how to write great headlines , how to structure persuasive copy , and copywriting tips to implement and mistakes to avoid .
Copyblogger also has a number of other related eBooks on topics such as writing compelling content for SEO that are worth checking out .
OTHER USEFUL REFERENCE TOOLS 5 ) Purdue OWL The Online Writing Lab ( OWL ) at Purdue University is full of free writing resources and instructional materials that writers will find useful .
What the site lacks in design aesthetic it makes up for in rich resources that include exercises that allow you to practice and develop your skills .
It also contains a wealth of information that students and professional writers will find valuable .
6 ) Grammar Girl Grammar Girl , Mignon Fogarty , provides useful tips about some of the most common language mistakes that writers make , such as the difference between `` affect '' and `` effect , '' when to use `` who '' and when to use `` whom , '' or when to use a comma before the word `` because . ''
With advice available in the form of articles and podcasts , Grammar Girl provides entertaining and useful tips on how to successfully navigate your way through a variety of grammatical hurdles .
While there are many other resources available to writers , at Acrolinx we find the ones cited above to be particularly useful .
If you 've got some other favorite resources that we did n't mention , tell us about them in the comments section below .
As a marketer , writing has not only been a major part of my job for the past twenty-five years , it 's also been a passion .
I even enjoy reading about writing , particularly when the writer offers plenty of `` how to '' advice that I can put to work immediately .
So here I am , writing about reading about writing ; specifically , I 'm reviewing Ann Handley 's new book , Everybody Writes : Your Go-to Guide for Creating Ridiculously Good Content .
For many years , I 've admired Ann 's work at MarketingProfs , where she serves as chief content officer .
She 's also a recognized leader in content marketing and social media .
Ann describes her new book as `` part writing guide , part handbook on the rules of good sportsmanship in content marketing , and all-around reliable desk companion for anyone creating or directing content on behalf of brands . ''
She delivers as promised , and with a clever , entertaining writing style that helped to hold my interest .
In addition to lots of practical advice , the book contains fascinating insights .
For example , here 's her formula for judging the impact of your writing : Utility × Inspiration × Empathy = Quality Content Her point is that you have to perform well in all three areas to create great content .
If you score a zero for any one of these factors ... well , as Ann humorously points out , you can do the math .
The book is divided into six main sections that are easy to navigate your way through : Part I provides an overview of the fundamentals of writing .
It 's laid out in a way that 's easy to understand and remember .
It not only covers the key steps in the writing process , but also offers detailed insights into refining and improving your copy .
For people who need help getting started , this part will get you oriented in the right direction and give you specific advice about how to structure your writing process .
Part II focuses in on grammar and usage , and offers lots of `` do this '' and `` do n't do that '' advice .
If you 're already a good writer , then you 'll find this section a refreshing , funny reminder about all the ways that people can go wrong with their words .
If you 're not as good a writer as you 'd like to be , you 'll learn a lot about giving your language more impact and power .
Part III is the briefest section , but with some powerful advice about crafting a great story .
Part IV contains tons of practical advice about what to write and how to write it .
You 'll find lots of detailed suggestions , such as how to properly cite others ' work within your own .
I particularly liked her chapter entitled , `` See Content Moments Everywhere , '' which will open your eyes to the opportunities all around you for interesting stories that will help your brand punch above its weight .
( And that 's just one example of 15 subjects she covers in this section . )
Part V alone was worth ten times the price of the book .
In it , Ann offers point-by-point guidance for 13 different types of content that marketers create , such as blog posts , tweets , e-mails , headlines , home pages , infographics , and more .
Nearly every marketer will learn something on every page of this section , no matter how experienced you are .
It 's a great reference guide and something that I expect to return to again and again .
Part VI concludes the book with a list of various types of tools and resources that writers will certainly find useful .
With so many wonderful resources available to marketing writers today , especially content marketers , it takes a lot to stand out in the crowd .
In Everybody Writes , Ann Handley delivers one of the most useful pieces I 've seen .
If you 're a writer , or aspire to be one , you should definitely check it out .
From eBooks and infographics to podcasts and webinars , there 's no shortage of resources available to help content marketers .
Yet the reality is that they are n't all created equal , and it takes time and effort to weed through them and find the best ones .
Having recently gone through that very exercise ourselves here at Acrolinx , we thought that it would be helpful ( and save you some time ) to share what we discovered .
We combed the Internet looking for the very best content marketing resources we could find , focusing our efforts specifically on eBooks .
In doing so , we not only evaluated the content we uncovered based on the credibility of its authors , but also our own perception of how engaging it was and how practical and actionable we considered its advice to be .
Here are some of the content marketing eBooks that we like best : A Practical Guide to Building a Killer Content Strategy The 411 : HubSpot is a prolific creator of content and an organization that clearly knows a thing or two about content marketing .
They do n't disappoint with their guide to developing a content strategy , which provides a high-level overview of how to create buyer personas , map your content to the buying cycle , and build an editorial calendar.Why we like it : It 's a quick read and a great primer for anyone looking to get up to speed on the basics of content strategy .
How to Build and Operate a Content Marketing Machine The 411 : In this joint effort from Kapost and Marketo , readers will discover the nuts and bolts of content marketing , including how to create a content plan , build an effective team , produce and distribute content , and measure the results .
It 's an excellent how-to guide that 's valuable for anyone interested in taking a deeper dive into content marketing.Why we like it : It contains numerous case studies about what other companies are doing , as well as a variety of useful worksheets to help you get started on your content marketing journey .
The Beginner 's Guide to Blogging and Content Strategy The 411 : Contently 's eBook is squarely focused on planning , executing , and optimizing your content strategy .
It offers step-by-step guidance on how to do each , from setting your goals and identifying influencers to developing effective headlines and measuring your ROI .
However , since it reads more like a white paper than an eBook , this may not be the right resource for those looking for a basic primer.Why we like it : Contently takes a no-nonsense approach to content marketing , offering clear and actionable advice .
Content Marketing Done Right The 411 : In this eBook , Curata focuses in on the right way to do content curation , providing guidelines and best practices around things like dealing with copyright law , creating an effective curation strategy , and helping marketers stay out of trouble when curating .
It takes an ethical approach that we did n't find in any of the other resources we looked at.Why we like it : Curation is an important part of content marketing , and one that you do n't want to screw up .
Curata 's eBook provides some great advice about how to do things the right way .
It Take a Content Factory !
The 411 : OpenView 's eBook bills itself as a guide to creating and delivering the content that companies need to attract and retain great customers .
At over 100 pages long it may seem a bit intimidating , but it 's presented in a way that 's easy to digest and provides a comprehensive look at content marketing.Why we like it : While the body of the eBook is devoted to the basics of content marketing , it also contains a substantial appendix that contains helpful tips and advice for advanced practitioners .
All of the resources cited above are worth checking and can be downloaded for free .
We 'd be remiss , however , if we did n't also point out Acrolinx 's new eBook .
`` Speak with One Voice : How to Gain Competitive Advantage in the Content Era '' describes the new content-driven world that we live in and its implications for businesses like yours .
It then goes on to explain what makes for great content , providing valuable tips and suggestions for how you can go about creating it in your organization using the right tools .
If you have n't already done so , check it out .
[ vc_button button_color= '' color-iopl '' link= '' url : http % 3A % 2F % 2Fwww.acrolinx.com % 2Fspeak-one-voice-ebook % 2F||target : % 20_blank '' ] Download eBook [ /vc_button ]
This is the third post in a series about the future of technical communication .
To read the previous post , click here .
If you are a technical communicator , it 's time for you to get out more .
A lot more .
Traditionally , techcomm has led a siloed existence , seldom straying far from the tech side of product development teams .
However , given the evolving role of technical content noted in the previous post , that isolation needs to change .
In the online world of the content era , technical communicators play a key role in building their company 's customer relationships .
This means you and your techcomm colleagues actually drive revenue .
And that fact makes all of you strong candidates for collaborating with your company 's marketing team , or even joining it .
The reality is that marketers are often starved for content while technical communicators are producing volumes of it .
That fact alone suggests the possibility of a good marriage .
( For example , Citrix , a leading innovator in mobile workspaces , recently moved its technical documentation team from product development to marketing . )
For a great marriage , one where you truly reposition yourself , however , you 'll have to shift not just how you work , but how you think about your strategic role in your company .
In other words , you need to start thinking outside of the silo .
To do so , consider these questions : What does alignment between marketing and your techcomm team really mean for both of you ?
What do you each deliver that contributes to the customer experience ?
And what do those deliverables have in common ?
How do you each define success ?
How can you define success together ?
Since marketing materials and tech docs should align in terms of language and messaging , what messages and language do you share ?
Thinking about these questions can prepare you for the conversations you should engage in with your company 's executives to elevate their perception of technical communication 's importance .
To get their attention , however , you 'll need to speak about what resonates with them .
For example , you should learn about the company 's key initiatives for growth — and talk to your executives about how you can advance those initiatives .
Figure out what matters most in building customer relationships — and let your executives know how you directly affect revenue .
When speaking with your company 's executives , you can often assume they have no idea what your impact is on the company and its customers .
To hold their attention , you 'll need to connect with what they care about .
As you 'll see in the first table below , that will differ from what you care about day-to-day .
And that 's the point .
You need to look at the big picture and show your executives where and how you fit into it .
For example , if one of your company 's growth strategies is improving customer satisfaction , you should be prepared with survey data that shows how techcomm quality affects customer perceptions .
( Did you take my advice in an earlier post to set up your survey ? )
Your executives may not care about content quality itself , but when you speak with the customer 's voice , they 'll hear you .
What You Care About Improving compliance to style guide Eliminating unattractive language ( e.g. , passive voice ) Ensuring consistency : `` speaking with one voice '' Using correct terminology Improving translatability : reducing time and costs Reducing effort for authors and editors Improving findability to reduce support costs Improving comprehension : simplify words and sentences Supporting content strategy : aligning with your organization 's overall goals for content What Your Executives Care About Increasing revenue Improving customer experience Consistent high-quality interactions at every touch point Increasing customer satisfaction Expanding to new markets Accelerating time-to-market Reducing exposure to liability Faster integration of acquired companies Cutting costs Once you understand what matters to your company 's executives , you 're one step closer to being able to offer your help in terms that matter to them .
The other important step is to link your offer to concrete examples of what you do as a technical communicator , as the table below illustrates .
As you can see , this table is the reverse of the one above , but you 're now starting with what your senior leaders care about .
So , for example , you can support geographical expansion by providing greater content accuracy , faster editing and translation .
Or you can improve the customer experience by offering more consistent touch points .
You should offer : Better customer experience Better customer support Greater customer satisfaction Geographical expansion Accelerating time-to-market Lower exposure to liability Lower costs/higher productivity You can back it up with : More consistent touch points Improved findability & comprehension Higher content quality : more understandable & consistent Lower translation costs Faster editing & translation Greater content accuracy Less work for SMEs , editors , reviewers & translators Similarly , talk about your results in a way that will be meaningful to your executives , as in the table below .
In fact , it 's generally a good idea to ask managers and colleagues around the organization about the kinds of metrics they find useful , and what makes them so .
Broadcasting stats about your workload will fall on deaf ears .
Instead , frame your data in synch with company goals .
Not this : How many words we write How many pages we publish How many rewrites we endure How many releases we support How much more work we 're doing than before This : Customer satisfaction Customer surveys Customer engagement ( e.g. , page views , time on site ) Comparisons to industry benchmarks How we could serve company 's goals even better If you can shape your conversation this way , you can change how your organization perceives technical content .
Your company 's goals are your goals — and you happen to have excellent skills and ideas to support those goals .
This is the second post in a series about the future of technical communication .
To read the first post , click here .
Technical communicators take note : Thanks to the evolving role of technical content , the days of being viewed as your organizations ' red-headed stepchildren are numbered .
Up until recently , the conventional thinking was that technical communicators played a strictly adjunct role in their organizations — educating users so they would n't have to go online or call the technical support desk for answers .
In today 's content era , however , where content is the key to building customer relationships , companies are coming to appreciate techcomm as a tool for driving revenue .
In fact , these days a significant proportion of consumers go through almost the entire buying process before talking to a salesperson , relying on all types of content — including technical content — to help inform their decision .
According to Sharon Burton 's 2012 Survey of Consumer Feelings about Product Instructions , for example , 32 % of consumers typically look at product instructions before they buy .
This figure is likely higher for riskier purchases or more complex products , where people want to learn more about the product before buying .
The results of a recent IBM survey bear this out .
Reflecting the impact of technical content on their perceptions , customers reported that the quality of IBM 's content : Drove their initial decision to purchase ( 88.7 % ) Influenced their perception of a product or solution ( 96.2 % ) Shaped their perception of the company ( 84.4 % ) It 's worth noting that this kind of survey can be an invaluable tool for you to demonstrate how technical communications add value .
You can easily set up the same survey yourself — and should do so today .
But the impact of technical content goes even further .
When prospective customers go online to research products , their results include every kind of information : marketing content , technical content , and even support articles .
Every page represents the company and its brand , regardless of where it originates in the organization .
Technical content now has the power to speak on behalf of your company to actual and prospective customers as loudly as any marketing copy .
Maybe even loud .
The power of technical content For many people , technical content has greater credibility than marketing content .
This is even more the case when technical writers engage in product conversations with customers , either as peers in online tech communities or through forums such as social media .
As a result , customers get heard and have the opportunity to develop connections with the ‘ faces ' and ‘ ears ' of the organization .
Of course , the credibility of your company 's technical content depends on more than presenting only factual information .
Customers also expect it to be consistent in quality , style , and tone of voice with the other content your company produces .
Buyers notice inconsistencies .
For example , I know an insurance company that bragged about how easy it was to do business with and then had to scramble when customers complained about the verbose , jargon-filled legalese of its documentation .
Inconsistent or confusing technical content can even persuade buyers to reverse their purchase decisions .
An Accenture study reports that , of nearly $ 14 billion in consumer electronics returns and repairs in 2007 in the US , 68 percent of the returns occurred despite `` no trouble found . ''
The study 's recommendations for reducing these returns included Improved documentation Better product education for customers Stronger post-sales support In fact , post-sale activities account for a growing share of the impact that technical communicators have on customer experience .
For example , customer conversations on social media and other channels offer technical communicators the chance to gain valuable insight into what customers want , and relay that perspective back into their organizations .
They can also make innovative use of their expanding library of technical collateral .
At Symantec , for example , which one of the world 's largest software companies , support calls related to articles that they optimized for findability dropped by one-third .
Technical communicators who want to be seen as relevant in this new content era need to understand that the content they are creating helps to sell their company 's product or service .
While your company can no longer afford to undervalue and marginalize techcomm , neither can technical communicators afford to remain isolated from the organization .
Instead , they should circulate , ask colleagues throughout the company what matters to them from a marketing and customer perspective , and offer their own ideas for building customer relationships .
In my next post , I 'll talk about how tech communicators can shape the conversations with their manager to reposition themselves for the future .
Companies have long under-appreciated the role of techcomm in their organizations .
That 's because management frequently regards technical documentation as a necessary cost , rather than as an opportunity to have a positive impact on customer relationships .
Unfortunately , technical communicators often buy into this perception by seeing their value as limited to helping users answer their product and troubleshooting questions .
However , despite the fact that these perceptions have been slow to change , the role of technical communication is rapidly evolving , and its evolution means major implications for technical communicators everywhere .
In fact , as the content era accelerates , it 's driving six important changes that every technical communicator needs to be aware of , each of which will play a part in redefining their role going forward : Technical content creation is moving upstream , divided among engineers and their product development colleagues , technical support teams , and the help desk .
Yet the separation of technical content creation makes it harder to ensure consistency , both across all technical output and compared with a company 's other branded content .
It also impedes quality control in other ways , by opening the door to incomplete and inaccurate information , since content often travels directly to the consumer with little oversight along the way .
These impediments to quality may help explain why customer support costs are often high while customer satisfaction is low .
As budgets get squeezed , technical content creation often gets offshored or outsourced .
A lack of respect for and understanding of techcomm and its role can make it a target for budget cuts .
This in turn can lead to offshoring and outsourcing , creating a disconnect from a company 's other key technical resources , such as its product development team , and from its overall content strategy .
Content creation is increasingly in the hands of non-native speakers , particularly when it is offshored or outsourced .
This developmentcompounds the problem of error-prone and inconsistent content , confusing and costlier translations , and lack of editorial oversight .
The absence of effective quality control also means that it 's hard to fix errors when they occur .
In fact , it 's far likelier that no one fixes them .
Non-native speakers are also increasingly consuming content .
Given a globally dispersed and linguistically diverse readership , technical information needs to be easy to understand and reflect local needs .
Although computer-assisted translation can be effective for localizing technical content , it presents its own challenges that require additional quality control .
Schedules are tighter , requiring faster turnarounds .
This is due in part to the adoption of lean/agile development processes .
While these processes yield good results when properly implemented , technical communicators are frequently an afterthought , add-ons rather than well-integrated team members .
Emphasis on cost and speed is also leading to technical content written on demand in response to customer queries , as well as to documentation produced on the fly to support updated product versions .
This makes it hard for technical content to stay ahead .
Technical communicators are lending their product expertise through social media .
Rather than creating content before a product ships , they participate in real-time exchanges with customers who look to social media as a complement to , or even a substitute for , documentation that comes with the product .
Although social media participation offers a potentially valuable medium for technical communicators , companies may see it as a further justification for continuing their drive to minimize technical content .
If you are a technical communicator , these trends promise much more than a changing world .
Collectively , they should be a call to arms to reposition yourselves and the content you create .
Do so successfully and not only do you stand to win , but so does your company .
So how do you do that ?
To start off , you need to begin thinking differently about your role .
For example , it 's time to challenge the perception that technical communication represents a cost center .
This attitude only encourages thinking about how to improve efficiency and cut costs , further marginalizing the function .
Instead , the reality is that techcomm has the potential to help drive revenue .
However , as technical communicators , you must first come to recognize how you can support your company 's strategic priorities , and then demonstrate your ability to do so .
To make the case that there is actually a growing demand for your content , you need to ask questions that connect with your companies ' marketing strategies and with what customers want .
Organizations like IBM and Microsoft are already blazing the trail .
Technical communicators have an important role to play in their companies ' value proposition .
To play that role effectively , however , they must persuasively define exactly what their value is .
This post is the first in a series that looks at how the role of technical communicators is shifting in the content era .
In my next blog post , I 'll focus on appreciating the real value that technical communicators add to their companies and , in a follow-up post , on how they can reposition themselves to fulfill that value .
By now you may have come across Weird Al Yankovic 's `` Word Crimes , '' a music video that parodies last summer 's hit song `` Blurred Lines . ''
The video takes a humorous approach to pointing out some of the most common language mistakes that people make .
To honor Weird Al 's video and do our part to help improve everyone 's use of language , we 'd like to share our own list of word crimes — the words or phrases that you should avoid whenever you write .
In particular , our list includes : Buzzwords : Terms and phrases that have become so popular that your eyes glaze over when you see them and they lose all impact .
Examples that spring to mind include `` thought leadership '' and `` robust '' ( a perennial favorite word to hate ) .
Jargon : Industry-speak that people may have heard of but not everyone understands , such as `` accountability management '' and the `` cloud . ''
Clichés : Expressions like `` get on the same page '' and `` bells and whistles '' that have become trite through overuse .
( Buzzwords of old . )
Empty phrases : These include filler expressions such as `` at the end of the day '' and `` when it comes to '' that merely add bulk to your sentences .
Superlatives : Often exaggerations , words like `` top '' or `` best '' should be avoided .
It 's better to substantiate the claim by providing evidence and avoid saying the word at all .
Weasel words : Equivocations such as `` sort of '' and `` really '' that serve only to dilute your meaning .
Here 's our list of words to avoid .
Are any of them on your list , too ?
a little bit ground breaking radar screen accountability management guru reach out action items heads up really actually hit the ground running real-time alignment holistic redeployed people amazing iconic repurpose apples to apples ideation return on investment at the end of the day incentivize revolutionary at this point in time incremental robust award winning industry standard ROI back end initiative sassy bait and switch innovation savvy bandwidth innovative scalability basically innovator scalable bells and whistles integrate sea change best intuitive seamless best in class journey secret sauce best of breed just silo best practices kind of six sigma biggest kudos skill set bleeding edge largest smart bottom-up leader smell test brain dump leading social media breakthrough leading provider socialize challenge legendary solution change agent leverage solution-driven client-centric low-hanging fruit sort of cloud magical space-age content provider market leading stack core competency marketeer stakeholder ( s ) critical path methodology state of the art cross-platform metrics stealth mode customer-centric microblogging sticky cutting edge mindshare strategic partnership dashboard mission critical sustainable delighted moving forward synergistic deliverable multi-tasking synergy democratize net net take it offline disruption never been done tasked disruptive never before tasking dynamic next generation think outside the box easy to use next-gen thought leadership ecosystem off the shelf thrilled elevator pitch on the runway top empower one of a kind top of mind empowerment operationalize top-down enterprise class optics touch base enterprise-level organic growth transform epic out of the box transparency exclusive out of the loop turnkey exit strategy outside the box ubiquitous extensive paradigm unique extraordinary paradigm shift user friendly face time path forward value proposition fastest peak performance value-added feature-rich perfect storm viral flexible ping vision frictionless pivot voice of the customer game-changer platform well positioned gap analysis premier when it comes to generation X price point win-win get on the same page proactive wish list going forward productize world class great pull the trigger Thanks , Weird Al , for beating the drum about why language matters .
If you 've got any of your own word crimes to share , please do so in the comments section below .
Besides the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame or the chance to see the Indians play at Progressive Field , do you know what else can draw more than 2,000 people to Cleveland , Ohio ?
The answer is Content Marketing World ( CMW ) , the biggest content marketing conference on the planet that 's set to take place September 8-11 .
Now in its fourth year , CMW 2014 promises to be bigger and better than ever , featuring over eighty sessions with leading brand marketers presenting on a variety of topics around strategy , integration , and measurement , as well as new trends and tips in the industry .
It 's also a great opportunity for content marketers to network with and learn from their peers .
Stop by Booth # 23 for a Free Linguistic Assessment In addition to some great speakers , CMW will also feature a variety of exhibitors and sponsors .
Here at Acrolinx , we 're excited to count ourselves among them this year .
So if you 're headed to Cleveland next week like we are , we encourage you to stop by and see us atBooth # 23 , where we will conduct a free linguistic assessment of your website .
We know that as a content marketer you 're a very busy person with a lot of different responsibilities .
Your company 's website — or at least a considerable amount of the content on it — is probably one of them .
To maximize the impact of that website , you need to ensure that the content you create for it resonates with your audience .
How well you write is often one of the most important factors in determining whether or not it does .
So if you stop by our booth and give us your company 's URL , we 'll analyze your website and score it in terms of the overall quality , readability , and tone of voice of your content .
In addition to getting your website 's scores , which are a useful benchmark , you 'll also receive a report containing the top 20 improvements you could implement to make your website easier to read , simpler to understand , more consistent , and ultimately more effective .
The reality is that as content marketers we all care about making the right impression with our content .
Yet , we do n't always realize the negative impact that things like inconsistency , striking the wrong tone , or using a lot of buzzwords or jargon can have on that impression .
Acrolinx is a powerful platform that can help you resolve those issues across all of the content you create enterprise wide .
We 're Looking Forward To Meeting You We 're excited about CMW !
We 're looking forward to attending as many of the sessions as we can , given how many accomplished content marketers are presenting this year .
And , even though he 's not a content marketer , we 're pretty excited to see Kevin Spacey 's closing keynote as well .
Most important of all , however , we ca n't wait to meet as many of you as possible .
We love helping companies create better content across their organizations — not just marketing content , but technical content , product content , customer service content , and everything in between We 'd love to hear about what you 're doing and to tell you a little bit more about how we might be able to help .
We hope that you 're as pumped for Content Marketing World as we are and we look forward to seeing you at Booth # 23 !
Agile product development has revolutionized far more than how companies develop their products .
In fact , it 's transforming technical product content , too , as well as how that content is created .
While agile methods transcend numerous business sectors , it 's the software industry that has felt their impact most .
It 's also where technical content faces the biggest challenges as a result of three converging trends : A rapid acceleration in software development cycles , including online launches Online hosting with embedded content , where bite-sized content produced at frequent intervals is replacing massive tome-sized documents produced over the course of many months An aspiration for localized content in multiple languages timed with product releases Let 's consider these trends , and their implications for technical content , individually .
Shorter development times Conventional wisdom tells us how agile methodology has disrupted traditional development cycles .
Actually it would be more accurate to say it 's demolished them .
Product cycles , once typically stretching 18 months to two years , are now measured in a few months or even weeks .
The traditional waterfall method , with its longer review periods , has given way to shorter , iterative sprints in which teams continually evaluate and improve code .
What 's more , product upgrades now occur in increments as short as six weeks .
Since content must be ready to roll at the same time as the product itself , your content creators need to adapt themselves to the same agile methods that their product development teammates use .
Working in smaller , highly integrated teams , they face tighter time frames that strongly encourage the adoption of minimalist , standardized approaches to content creation .
Online-hosted , embedded content Because today 's apps live online , the content associated with them does too .
Long-gone are the days of the official shipping event , with software delivery via DVD .
This means that the nature of technical product content is changing since it 's now integrated into the same processes used to develop the software product .
When customers access your product , they are able to access the technical product content associated with it at the same time , rather than obtaining it in the form of free-standing manuals created using tools from the `` old '' offline software world .
In fact , all technical content — including FAQs and other technical support — now lives online .
And thanks to agile product development 's speedy product cycles , rapid response to customer feedback is no longer just an ideal but a stringent requirement to keep up with the pace of frequent upgrades .
The dramatically increased emphasis on searchability that accompanies online access is also influencing new agile-inspired content creation processes .
Agile development 's just-in-time methods have an especially critical impact on technical content in the immediate run-up to a product 's online launch .
Because coding changes can now occur right up to the last minute , content creators must keep pace , without the once-customary pre-launch hiatus .
This phase of the development process holds high potential for chaos without careful content monitoring , a challenge that participation by non-native speakers in content creation can exacerbate .
As the implications of faster product cycles and online-hosted content take hold , a new rule of thumb is emerging : Your technical product content deserves the same level of discipline as you devote to your code throughout the development process , so you should monitor both for quality and consistency in the same way .
Localization Both of these trends are drawing attention increasingly to a third : the importance of rapid content localization .
It was not so long ago that technical content first appeared in so-called Tier I languages , such as English , followed a few months later by translations into Tier II languages and ( maybe ) , a few months further on , Tier III .
Older models of content creation for product development paid less attention to localized content : translations ate up resources and diverted attention from more pressing tasks .
Localization , however , has become easier and , at the same time , it has also become more critical to product success .
Machine translation , for example , has become increasingly reliable .
New content optimization software also produces greater consistency and simplicity in phrasing and sentences , leading to content that is easier to understand and translate .
In fact , content optimization software can help your company meet the challenges of agile development head-on by allowing for continual content monitoring , and delivering a fundamentally improved site-build experience with correct , high-quality content .
Thanks to the growing efficiency and scalability of these approaches , companies like yours can launch web-based products in dozens of languages simultaneously .
For the creators of technical product content , these are challenging and exciting times .
Agile methodologies have certainly changed the face of product development .
In doing so , they are also changing the role and nature of content itself .
With the growing importance of content in the product brand equation and the enhanced capabilities of content optimization tools , content creators now have a huge opportunity to innovate alongside their product development colleagues .
Editor 's note : This is the final post in a series about the Content Era .
To read the previous post , click here .
Every day , globalization is changing the content game in a variety of ways .
Here in the US , for example , immigration is expanding the pool of non-native English speakers .
Content also has to reflect the rise of developing markets and their diversified needs and languages .
The fact is that the globalization coin has two sides , and companies need to keep both in mind : globalization 's diversifying power is having a huge impact on our workforce ( those who produce content ) and on customers ( those who consume it ) .
As the trend toward language diversity grows , we can expect big implications for creating consistent content .
Let 's take a closer look at this phenomenon .
If you check out census charts tracking immigration in the US over the past 50 years , a few remarkable differences will leap out at you : In 1960 , just under 10 million people in the US were foreign-born , or 5.4 percent of the total population .
By 2010 , that number had climbed to 40 million , or 12.9 percent .
Immigration routes that mostly began in Europe now originate in Asia and Latin America .
The population of foreign-born US residents now exceeds 5 percent in two-thirds of the 50 states ; in California the proportion is 27 percent .
Over 60 million Americans speak a language other than English in the home .
For content creators , these numbers matter .
As the US population diversifies , content must do the same .
It 's not just that content needs to be culturally attuned to a rapidly evolving US customer base .
There 's also the question of making content multilingual , either through translation or by creating content in other languages from scratch .
Adding to this challenge is the fact that many non-native speakers who are producing content are n't professional writers , but rather engineers and support staff .
The culture-and-language challenge that content creators face in the US is a smaller version of what 's happening globally .
As the world gets smaller , it also gets more complicated .
It 's important to note that globalization has changed not only where companies do business , but also how .
Hundreds of case studies and reports document the experience of companies that adapt their products to the specialized needs of local markets .
We 've probably all read , for example , about how McDonald 's has tailored its menus to suit the diets and taste buds of Indian consumers .
Content is no different .
So how user-friendly is your content in the markets where you either currently , or hope to soon , do business ?
Translatability : hurdling the barrier More and more companies respond to the globalization challenge of reaching diverse customers by turning to translation .
If you want to connect emotionally with your customers — one of the keys to building relationships with them — then your content needs to speak their language .
Many companies that a few years ago translated their content into just one or two languages now translate to more than 20 .
If international markets matter to you , translation is a must .
And , given the importance of the Internet as the global meeting-place for business , this is true for companies regardless of their scale .
In some markets , getting translation right is especially important .
For example , China will ultimately become the biggest market in the world , with enormous opportunity for growth .
Without a doubt , content directed at this market must be in Chinese .
But does that mean Mandarin only , or Cantonese too ?
As anyone who 's traveled or bought a product made overseas knows all too well , translation quality varies wildly .
Content marketers need to take heed .
Reading a poorly translated product manual can make customers wonder how much a company has thought about its product experience , or even what the content says about the product itself .
Most importantly , translation quality signals how much a company cares — or does n't — about its customers .
As a result , it 's critical to pay attention to the quality of your source content .
Whether a translator is a human or a machine , your company should ensure that it prepares its source content with translatability in mind .
For example : Continuously improve your source language by finding better substitutes for terms likely to be unfamiliar or ambiguous to non-native speakers Keep sentence structure short and simple Watch for idiomatic expressions that translate poorly into other languages Yet a lack of resources to get content right compounds the problem of translatability .
While translation can be costly , cutting corners can easily result in low-quality content .
Fast-paced product development contributes to this dilemma by introducing rapid changes .
Indeed , the trend toward agile development , emphasizing speed and lean resourcing , suggests this is a particularly important aspect of the content-generating process to monitor .
Technical writers may respond to the pressure by sacrificing quality for speed , a particular concern when you consider that all too often no quality control stands between the content creator and the reader .
Thus , source content itself may suffer , leading to difficulties for translators , and putting important details in jeopardy .
And details matter .
If user interface strings are not accurately localized to particular language markets , for example , you may end up confusing translators and ultimately your customers .
Some content gurus suggest that the best content is clever and cultural .
However , the worst content for translation also happens to be clever and cultural .
How do you achieve a balance in this contradiction that makes quality content accessible to customers and addresses the impact of globalization on a diverse workforce ?
In response to this dilemma , and as high-quality source content increasingly becomes a key to translatability , interest in standardization will grow , too .
Every language has parallel grammatical constructions and words to say the same thing .
Eventually , companies are likely to find that more standardized approaches to content will help them leap the translation barrier with greater efficiency .
Few aspects of doing business today matter as much as building strong relationships with your customers wherever they happen to live .
Content is your passport for getting there , so make sure that you give it the justice that it deserves .
Editor 's note : This is the third post in a series about the Content Era .
To read the previous post , click here .
You surely have n't missed the news that these days , just about everyone is in the content game and competing for attention .
Did you know , for example , that in 2012 , nearly 140,000 new websites appeared online every day ?
Not only that , last year nine out of ten B2B marketers reported that they expected to produce more content this year than they did last year , a trend that will undoubtedly continue .
As a result of all of this activity , we are bombarded with more content than we could ever begin to consume .
And , since a lot of that content is boring , confusing , self-serving , or inarticulate , we have become adept at making instant decisions about what content we 'll consume and what we 'll delete or ignore .
In fact , most of us decide whether or not to read an e-mail within a split second based on the subject line , or decide to leave a website within seconds if it is n't immediately clear that it contains what we want .
As the graphs reflecting growth in content marketing — the process of using content to attract , retain , and engage your customers — trend sharply up , the competition for our attention is increasing .
This presents a challenge because your content needs to stand out from all the noise .
As Jake Sorofman , research director at Gartner , warned last year , `` audiences are inundated by pleas for their attention and consumers no longer respond to anything but the most compelling content . ''
In view of content 's powerful role in building customer relationships , this should trouble everyone seeking to deploy content to grow their business .
Make your content findable , readable , and engaging So how can your company rise above the noise ?
We hear a lot today about usability .
Certainly you need to generate content that responds to customers ' real needs , answers their questions with actionable information , and does all that in as short a time as possible .
To really stand out , however , your content must be findable , readable , and engaging .
Your content wo n't get far without readers , so you have to ensure that your content is findable .
That means making sure that search engines understand what your content is about by utilizing the right keywords ( particularly multi-word phrases known as long-tail keywords ) in the appropriate places in your content , such as the headlines , the first sentence or two of the body , and the metadata .
By doing so , you 're not only doing readers a favor by making your content more scanable , but also helping yourself by optimizing your content for search engines .
Once your readers have found your content , it must be readable .
There are several ways to measure content readability , including how concisely it 's written , its scanability , and its objectivity .
Online content should be at least 50 percent leaner than its print version .
Staying concise also helps readers scan your content , with simple sentences and bite-size chunks of straightforward text to guide their eyes up , down , across , and diagonally .
Objectivity reassures readers that your content provides relevant information rather than promoting your brand .
All three elements matter .
A classic study by John Morkes and Jakob Nielsen discovered that concise writing increased usability by 58 percent ; making content scanable improved usability by 47 percent ; and delivering objective content improved usability by 27 percent .
Taken together , all three resulted in a 124 percent increase in the usability of web content .
And , in our view , improving usability leads to higher levels of readership .
Finally , you 'll want to engage your readers so that they actually enjoy your content .
There are several ways to do this .
One is to simply adopt a warm and inviting tone of voice that speaks to your readers rather than at them .
Other tactics include posing questions , encouraging and promptly responding to comments , and including visually engaging images .
Once your company has established clear standards for your content , it 's important to ensure that you apply those standards consistently across all of your content assets .
Since it 's your customers , and not you , who control what content they view and when , it 's important to ensure consistency in the tone , language , and overall usability of your content to create a cohesive experience .
Content creators should also take note that readers almost always react negatively to jargon , errors in spelling and grammar , inaccuracies , and incomplete information .
Attention to detail is key .
Customers expect consistency in content , and often quickly become discouraged when they do n't find it .
This reality has led to significant improvements .
For example , when Cigna Health Insurance emphasized its user-friendliness for policyholders , the company heard from customers that its explanation-of-benefits documents were hard to understand , which implied that the company did not care about its patients .
In response , the company rewrote these documents in plain English .
At the 2013 Best Practices Conference , Microsoft reported that similar feedback persuaded them to re-evaluate content that customers described as too technical , confusing , and cold .
They realized poor content not only made it harder for customers to understand the company 's products , it also hurt customers ' opinion of the company itself .
For example , Microsoft decided to reword its dialog boxes in Excel with language that is clearer , shorter , and more straightforward .
As content proliferates , overcoming the background din will continue to challenge all of us as we fight for attention in the content era .
The challenge is even greater in a global context , as companies do business in multiple markets and multiple languages .
My final post in this series will focus on how to stay ahead in the global content race .
Editor 's note : This is the second post in a series about the Content Era .
To read the previous post , click here .
If you want to know how successful companies build relationships with their customers , you do n't have to look any further than their online presence .
That 's because unlike in the past , when sales and marketing teams were the gatekeepers of the information that prospects needed to make their purchasing decisions , today 's consumers simply turn to Google instead .
Thanks to company websites , social media , and numerous other online channels , buyers can empower themselves with much of the information they need without having to reach out to a salesperson .
Make no mistake , this marks a huge change in how companies do business because it means that in today 's online world , content is the primary driver of customer relationships .
Because customers also value these relationships , winning their trust is essential .
To earn it , you need to think about your online content as your ambassador and as a way to attract , engage , and retain customers .
Let me share a couple of data points to illustrate the relationship-building power of content .
In a 2012 survey about product documentation , participants offered their opinion about how the quality of instruction manuals affected their perceptions of companies .
Sixty-nine percent of respondents reported that clear and useful instructions made them feel that a company cares about its customers .
On the other hand , 42 percent noted that poor instructions made them wonder where else a company might be sloppy .
In other words , content has the power to influence brand image and perceptions of quality .
As a result , it can either burnish or tarnish the trust at the core of companies ' customer relationships .
It 's all about your content All of your company 's content assets — your technical content , your website copy , your marketing brochures , your product manuals , etc .
— help shape how your customers see you .
That 's why it 's important to ensure that your content is n't just communicating the factual information that you want to convey , but that it also paints the right picture of who you are as an organization by being accurate , consistent , and warm , and by demonstrating your attention to detail .
The bottom line is that customers not only notice when companies pay attention to their content , but also when they do n't .
Sloppy content with typos , errors in grammar , and wrong or inconsistent tone of voice can make your customers doubt you and even question whether or not they really want to build a relationship with you .
That 's a risk that most companies can not afford to take .
Beyond a heightened need for high-quality content , there are two important implications of content 's power in driving relationships that I 'd like to point out : Sales and marketing no longer control how customers access their content .
In particular , the order in which they consume content is entirely up to the customer .
As a result , it 's a good idea to consider every piece of content as if it were a customer 's starting point in getting acquainted with your company and building a strong relationship .
Because order is unpredictable , everyone in your organization who generates customer-facing content is essentially part of the marketing team .
Which is to say , every content creator contributes to building your customer relationships .
As the importance of this sinks in , we 're likely to see more companies looking at content as something that requires executive-level oversight .
So what 's the takeaway from all of this ?
It 's that content has a new role to play as the foundation upon which great customer relationships are built .
That means that every piece of content your company creates can either help or hinder those relationships .
As a result , your job is to make sure that your entire organization is creating content that not only rises above the noise , but also connects with customers and keeps them coming back .
In my next post in this series , I 'll focus on how to create effective content .
You hear a lot of talk these days about the deluge of content that 's being published online .
Every day , for example , more than two million blog posts are published , 294 billion new e-mails are sent , and over 58 million Tweets cross the Internet .
As staggering as these numbers are , the real story is n't about the quantity of content out there , it 's about how and why content has emerged as one of the most important tools companies use to drive their business .
Given the incredible scale and increasing importance of content , it 's safe to say that we have entered what we like to refer to as the `` content era . ''
Of course , it has n't always been like this .
Some of us can still remember a time before the Internet when product information was tough to get , available only by telephoning the company and waiting for someone to send it through the mail or for a salesperson to deliver it .
Access to information was limited and , as a result , consumers had far less power than they do now .
By contrast , today the information people want is only a few clicks away and consumers are able to get it whenever and however they want .
Growing your business in the content era What does all of this mean for business ?
According to Forrester , B2B buyers progress through up to 90 percent of their purchasing decisions before engaging with sales .
That 's a huge shift from the pre-Internet days , when information gathering would start by contacting sales .
So where do buyers get their information prior to talking with a salesperson ?
They get it online by reading and viewing content that comes from companies and other sources .
If a company fails to produce content that buyers can find and understand , some of them will go elsewhere .
On the other hand , if a company produces content that works well , it can build relationships through that content .
That 's a profound shift and it means that content has become more important than ever before .
But that 's not all .
As content 's role continues to morph and grow , we 're seeing some other far-reaching consequences .
For starters , an increasing number of companies are recognizing content 's ability to give them a competitive edge .
One consequence of this recognition is that some companies have moved their technical documentation departments to marketing , so that they can present a more consistent face to their customers .
A few companies have gone even further by elevating the control and importance of their content to the executive level .
IBM , for example , has named a senior executive to have all of its customer-facing content under a single point of leadership .
Plus , content plays an increasingly important role within companies that want to differentiate themselves from their competitors ( or just hang on to the business they 've got ) by delivering superior customer experiences .
And with good reason .
Those that offer customer-friendly content have been shown to reap a variety of benefits , including a 64 percent increase in customer profit margin , according to recent research from the Aberdeen Group .
Content trends to live by With this backdrop in mind , we 'd like to call your attention to three trends that will help to shape the future of the content era : Content is the key to building relationships with prospects and customers .
As we have seen , today content plays a large role in influencing buying decisions .
It 's the only factor that shapes how customers and prospects perceive your company 's brand , its product , and the quality of its service — in short , your company 's reputation — for the vast majority of your buyers ' journey .
Competition is stiff , so you 'd better make your content stand out .
Given how much content there is online , people have become incredibly determined to sidestep anything that might waste their time .
In addition to creating content that 's relevant for your audience , the best way to help ensure your content gets consumed is by making it really good .
That means creating content that 's easy to find , simple to read , and even enjoyable ( which we usually describe as `` engaging '' ) .
The increasing globalization and diversity of employees and customers are affecting both how we create , and how we need to create , content .
As companies expand , they move into less familiar markets .
At the same time , the Internet brings your content to every doorstep , regardless of where you think you do business .
Today 's global audiences need clear , accurate , and compelling content in their native language .
If you ca n't deliver it , you 're missing out on a huge opportunity .
In the coming weeks , we 'll be blogging more about the content era and its implications for businesses .
The bottom line is that content is no longer a nice to have , it 's mission critical .
If you do n't want to get left behind , you need to figure out not only how to put content at the center of your sales and marketing initiatives , but also how to make that content as effective as possible .
How is the rise of the content era affecting your business ?
Val Swisher has written a good piece about the different things `` content strategy '' can mean .
The phrase `` content strategy '' is hot right now .
Scott Abel and Rahel Bailie are writing a book just about all the different things it means to different people .
This reminds me of the debates about `` knowledge management '' , which usually now means a place to store Word , Excel and Powerpoint documents .
Or `` customer relationship management '' , which is either a marketing tool , a support tool , or both – depending on who you ask .
Terms like this tend to get appropriated by people with slightly different agendas , and Val 's article rightly points out that then it becomes difficult for everyone .
We all have to keep reminding our audiences what exactly we mean when we say `` content strategy '' .
But it does n't have to be that way .
Most of the definitions I have read are really just a part of content strategy , not something that you could actually really call a strategy .
I am not going to wheel out a dictionary definition of `` strategy '' versus `` plan '' versus `` tactics '' , nor a tired quote from Sun Tzu's Art of War .
But surely one thing is clear : a strategy has to be all encompassing .
It has to include in scope everything which might be relevant to success .
This means that Content Strategy has to be really strategic .
It 's not just about editorial calendars , corporate identity , the website or a user manual .
Content Strategy should be about who is my target audience and what content do I need to give them to win them ( and keep them ) as happy customers .
It also has to define aspects of the actual content .
I have seen a ton of `` content strategies '' which say nothing about what the content should actually be like – `` we need an email campaign around this '' , `` we should do more social '' , `` we should have marketing content that works for sales '' .
OK , so what do I write ?
Of course you need a plan , a concept , or strategy if you will , around your technical product content , your marketing – and you need to work out how to go global .
But these can not be disconnected ( mini- ) strategies .
They need to be connected .
None of these individual content aspects will be successful if you do n't have a strategy to connect them .
Something which allows all the content creators in your ecosystem to write stuff* that works .
And of course because not everyone can keep the whole thing in their heads , you need some kind of infrastructure to keep everyone , and all their content , aligned .
That last bit has been my mission for the last 15 years .
* stuff : a technical term I learnt from my content friends at Facebook
Editor 's Note : This is the third post in a series about tone of voice .
The first post was about what tone of voice is and why it matters and the second was about how to start defining your tone of voice by looking at your company 's brand values .
In today 's post , we 're going to take a look at Design Station , a fictitious company that 's in the process of developing its tone of voice .
Design Station is a web application developer based in Seattle .
The company was founded seven years ago by twin brothers Steve and Simon Smith , both of whom loved electronics and computers from an early age .
Four years ago , the Smiths started adding more staff , and the company now has a team of five people .
It mainly serves small or medium-sized firms that are looking for reliable , easy-to-use ecommerce sites .
The Smiths recently created a three-value framework for Design Station , with explanations of what each of its brand values — rigorous , idealistic , and curious — does and does n't mean : Values : Rigorous Idealistic Curious It means… We work hard to build reliable code and test it thoroughly before it goes live .
We really care about writing well-crafted code and finding the simplest , most elegant solution to every problem .
We 're always on the lookout for what comes next , so we can be a part of it .
It does n't mean… We 're rigid or uptight .
We do n't get the job done .
We 're dreamers .
By developing these values , the Smiths built a shared understanding of what they meant .
As a result , they were able see more clearly how their brand values could translate into their writing style .
And later on , when they were putting their tone of voice into practice , it was much easier to work out whether or not the things they 'd written were in line with their tone .
From Values to Tone For more experienced writers , values like the ones the Smiths have created might be enough of a guide all on their own .
However , if you want everyone in your organization to understand how to articulate them , you 'll need to build a bridge between your values and your tone .
That means thinking about how each value translates into a writing style .
Let 's return to the Design Station example and look at how their three values could become tone of voice `` do 's and don'ts . ''
This brand has three versions of its tone , in line with its values : a rigorous one for talking about practicalities , an idealistic one for linking to other people 's ideas , and a curious one for talking about the future .
Values : Rigorous Idealistic Curious Do… Keep your writing clear and concise when specifying projects or explaining ideas.Stick to shorter words and sentences .
Always give concrete details when you can .
Do n't generalize .
Use jargon as shorthand when you 're sure the reader will understand it .
Say why you 're doing what you 're doing , using more flowing language.You can use longer words and sentences here .
Use proven principles and thought leadership to justify your suggestions .
Use questions to talk about the future , product innovations , and anything else forward-looking.Express excitement about what 's coming .
Don't… Make the language so clipped that you sound like a robot .
Drift off into abstraction — always link the ideas to what you 're actually doing .
Speculate wildly or look too far into the future.Let your excitement become starry-eyed .
In the same way as you made your brand values specific , make your tone specific .
Do n't waste time writing generic or obvious guidance , or saying the same thing over and over .
Remember , you 're looking for points of differentiation .
In our next post , we 'll look at how to translate your tone of voice into your writing .
Want to learn more ?
Check out Acrolinx 's new eBook `` Watch Your Tone : Why You Company 's Tone of Voice Matters and How to Get it Right . ''
Although content marketing is a tactic in use in countries all around the world , it 's rarely approached with a global mindset .
In fact , most content marketers create content with only their local audiences in mind , and seldom think about how their messages should be customized for international audiences .
Instead , many of them take the easy way out , hoping that their one-size-fits all approach will work .
Not surprisingly , when it comes to translating and localizing their content , it 's a similar story .
Given the high costs and administrative burdens associated with these activities , they 're done as seldom as possible .
The result is that the content we create does n't always work well with global audiences .
While it was n't all that long ago that this would n't have mattered , today , thanks to technology and globalization , even small businesses often have international customers , making it a very real problem .
And while English has become the lingua franca for much of the world , that 's no excuse .
We certainly ca n't expect everyone to understand English well enough to grasp all of its nuances and intricacies .
Nor can we assume that anything we say in one language will be valid in another .
Anyone familiar with Kentucky Fried Chicken 's foray into the Chinese market will understand what the potential implications can be when you fail to think globally .
While the company 's well-known slogan `` finger lickin ' good '' has been successful in the United States for years , it was far less effective in the Chinese market , where it translated into the rather unappetizing `` eat your fingers off . ''
The implications for content marketers The takeaway for content marketers is that you ca n't ignore how your content is going to be perceived in other cultures .
In fact , going forward we need to develop content that works globally and to view content marketing as a global activity .
That means ensuring that your content gets translated into all of the right languages and , doing everything that you can to optimize your content so that translation becomes a more efficient and cost-effective process .
It also means thinking about how your messages could be perceived in other countries .
So what can you do to get ready as content marketing goes global ?
Here are 5 tips : Identify which languages matter for reaching your target audience .
Once you 've done so , prioritize them based on the size of the opportunity in terms of the purchasing power of the potential customers who speak that language .
Then make your business case to justify the costs of translation by comparing the potential new opportunities that translating your content creates versus the expense of doing so .
Nelson Mandela may have made the point best when he explained , `` If you speak to a man in a language he understands , you speak to his head .
If you speak to him in his language , you speak to his heart . ''
Utilize machine translation when necessary .
To the extent that you ca n't afford to translate your content into other languages , consider using machine translation as an alternative .
While tools like Google Translate are n't yet capable of providing perfect translations , they are steadily improving and can serve as starting point for your translations .
Adopt a simple style .
To the extent possible , adjust your writing so that it lends itself well to easy translation by , for example , avoiding complex sentences , jargon , and colloquialisms .
Writing content that 's easy to translate wo n't always be possible since writing that 's too simple often is n't as effective , however , there are things that you can do to help such as creating a library of preferred terms and phrases as noted below .
Develop a library of preferred terms and phrases to aid in translation .
Once you 've gone to the trouble of translating a particular term or phrase , take note of it so that it can be used time and again .
Every company has standard terms and phrases that it uses to talk about itself .
The more of these you capture in a library , along with their corresponding translations , the less arduous it will be to translate your content .
Take advantage of your employees ' language skills .
If you have employees who are native speakers of the languages you are translating into , ask them to review your translations to make sure that they are both accurate and that the messages are going to work in the local country .
For example , you might ask them to check the content for any local cultural sensitivities that you might otherwise be aware of .
As content marketing continues to become an increasingly important business driver , smart content marketers need to be thinking about how to create content that will resonate with global audiences .
What are you doing to make your content global ?
Editor 's Note : This is the second post in a series about tone of voice .
The first post was about what tone of voice is and why it matters .
You ca n't create your company 's tone of voice in a vacuum .
You have to begin with your brand values .
Tone of voice is how you communicate your personality in language — it 's how your brand sounds when it talks .
You may already have done some work to define your brand values , for example by developing a brand positioning statement , a vision or mission statement , some brand pillars , or some other document .
It does n't matter what you created — what matters is that you thought seriously about what your brand is all about .
There are two ways to look at your brand values : Outside in beginning with your market Inside out beginning with your company Let 's take a look at each one in more detail .
Brand Values , Outside In If you want to work `` outside in , '' survey some other brands in your market .
How do they position themselves ?
What are their key messages ?
And how do they use language to get them across ?
Surveying your sector in this way has benefits .
It reveals the universal values that all companies in your sector must have , just to play in the game .
For example , although they may have very different philosophies , all the furniture stores mentioned below project technical product quality , commercial efficiency , and an understanding of customers ' workspace needs .
And it 's hard to imagine a competitor beating them without displaying those values .
Office Depot positions itself very clearly as a cost leader , with a strong low-price message and simple , practical language that focuses on physical features and concrete benefits .
Herman Miller puts a strong emphasis on design , ergonomics , and optimizing workspace that 's expressed in language that is much quieter , more nurturing , and more refined .
Kinnarps is different again , drawing on its Swedish heritage to communicate a green message and a minimal , no-nonsense approach with very clean , clipped , and almost scientific language .
However , there may be other values that everyone uses out of habit or groupthink — even though they 're not essential .
These are your opportunities to do something different .
For example , none of the furniture stores listed above shows any trace of humor or playfulness in its tone .
That could be an opportunity for a new player to establish a distinctive voice , as long as they can do it without compromising the industry 's universal values .
Brand Values , Inside Out With the `` inside out '' approach , you start at the core of your business and build outward to values , then on to tone .
To get started , consider questions like : What makes your company unique ?
What unique value do you offer your customers ?
What is your company 's culture like ?
How do you present yourself to customers ?
What are the key messages you need to get across ?
Brainstorming around these questions could generate useful ideas .
If the well runs dry , you can always mix things up by using analogies or metaphors : If your company were a person , what would it be like to talk to , or hang out with ?
What car , film character , restaurant , or clothing brand would it be ?
A Simple Framework for Brand Values How you capture your findings is up to you .
One simple method is to boil everything down to three one-word values that reflect the essence of your brand .
The three values need to be distinct , but still complementary — that is , not synonymous , but not total opposites either .
Do n't be afraid of using unexpected words — the sort of words you do n't normally hear in B2B marketing .
If the values are unique , the words to express them should be too .
Remember , you 're looking for the things that make you different — not things that everyone in your market can lay claim to .
And do n't fall into the trap of choosing trite , non-differentiating factors such as `` friendly , '' `` honest , '' `` reliable , '' and so on as brand values .
Those attributes are the least you would expect from any provider .
They may be important to your service , but they wo n't help you create a distinctive tone .
Also , avoid B2B buzzwords like `` dynamic '' or `` proactive . ''
They 're clichés , so if you 're looking to be different , they put you at a disadvantage right from the start .
Plus , they 're vague at best and meaningless at worst .
Instead , search for sharper , richer , more colorful words that get closer to who you really are , and how you really work .
Abstract words in isolation do n't mean that much , so develop some detail around them .
Make them real and practical .
For example , if one of your values is `` creative , '' what exactly do you mean ?
When and how are you creative ?
What are you creative about ?
How does your creativity help clients ?
As you develop your values , you build a shared understanding of what they mean .
Then you can see more clearly how they 'll translate into writing style .
And later on , when you 're putting your tone of voice into practice , it will be much easier to work out whether things you 've written are in line with your tone .
Once you have your brand values nailed down , you 'll need to consider how they translate into writing style .
But before you do , in our next post , we 'll look at a fictitious example of a company that 's developing its own tone of voice .
Want to learn more ?
Check out Acrolinx 's new eBook `` Watch Your Tone : Why You Company 's Tone of Voice Matters and How to Get it Right . ''
German author Thomas Mann once said , `` A writer is a person for whom writing is more difficult than it is for other people . ''
Regardless of whether or not you agree with that sentiment , most of us can appreciate that writing well is n't easy .
While there are no magic bullets or formulas to follow to guarantee your success , below we have put together a checklist that contains what we view as some the most important questions you should be asking yourself to help improve your writing .
If you can answer yes to all of them , you 'll greatly increase the chances that your writing hits the mark .
Those questions fall into five main areas : 1 ) Message and Audience Before you start writing you need to have a very clear picture of what the message is that you are trying to communicate and whom you 're communicating it to .
Can you clearly articulate in a sentence or two what the main idea is that you are trying to communicate ?
Do you know what points you are going to make to support that idea ?
Do you know who your audience is and how to write for them ?
Specifically : What do they care about ?
What 's the appropriate tone to use with them ?
What 's the right length for what you 're about to write ?
What 's the best way to get them engaged ?
2 ) Style and Tone Once you start writing , it 's important that you pay attention to a variety of things , starting with the style and tone of the piece .
For example , ask yourself : Are your style and tone consistent with your corporate standards ?
Are you using jargon that your audience might not understand or buzzwords that are overused or cliché ?
Are you writing at a level that 's appropriate for your audience in terms of vocabulary , sentence structure , and complexity ?
Are your sentences too wordy ?
Are you using a combination of short and long sentences to avoid monotony and create a good cadence ?
3 ) Grammar and Spelling Grammar and spelling may seem like table stakes , but they 're still very important and increasingly being overlooked .
There are lots of different points to consider , some of the most common of which are : Do all of your subjects and verbs agree ?
Do all of your pronouns and subjects agree ?
Have you eliminated any instances of passive voice ?
Do you have run-on sentences or comma splices ?
Have you checked your usage of `` its/it 's '' , `` there/their/they 're , '' and other commonly confused words ?
Have you spell checked ?
Are all of the names , terms , titles , etc .
( that wo n't be in your spell checker ) spelled properly ?
4 ) Overall Effect Perhaps most important of all , you need to assess what overall impact your writing will have on your audience .
Is it interesting to read and easy to follow ?
Does it quickly capture people 's attention because you start with the highlights ?
( You 're not writing a novel , so do n't try to build suspense . )
Is it visually engaging ( i.e. , is broken up into digestible chunks , does it contain headlines , does it have an image , etc . ) ?
Is the intent of the piece clear throughout ( i.e. , do you stay on track and give readers reminders of what you 're trying to achieve ) ?
Is it consistent with all of your other writing in terms of style and tone of voice , overall personality , terminology usage , etc . ?
5 ) Optimization Finally , your content needs to be optimized to ensure that it 's working hard for you to rank well in search , encourage comments and social sharing , and most importantly of all , drive conversions .
Have you included the best keyword in the headline , opening paragraph , and meta data of your content ?
Have you done everything you can to encourage comments ( if appropriate ) and made sure that your content can easily be shared socially ?
Do you have a clear call to action to get your audience to do something as a result of consuming your content ?
Writing well may not be easy , but if you think about it in terms of addressing these five main areas , you will be much better off .
Having the right tools in place to support your efforts , including content optimization software , can often make that effort a lot easier .
To learn more about how Acrolinx can help , check out our product tour .
If you 're in marketing , you probably hear the term tone of voice get used at work sometimes .
But do you actually know what tone of voice is and why it 's so important ?
Tone of voice is how the character of your business comes through in your words , both written and spoken .
It 's not about what you say , but rather the way that you say it , and the impression it makes on everyone who reads or hears you .
Think about it .
Everyone you meet has their own way of expressing themselves that 's as unique as their face or fingerprint .
Some are pleasant and polite .
Others are pushy and in your face .
Some say so much with just a few words .
Others never seem to get to the point .
Companies are no different .
Take a look at the examples below .
Text Tone of Voice Possible Impression With its industry-leading , massively scalable technology , our web services platform delivers exceptional performance and reliability under the most demanding and highly variable conditions .
Technical , verbose , inwardly focused High-pressure marketing and empty boasts .
Beware !
Our web services platform delivers 99.99 % uptime and adapts to changing loads in less than a second .
Factual , concise Clear and factual , but what are the company 's people like ?
Web services that you can start and forget .
Informal , non-technical You 've got my interest , but where 's the proof ?
All three descriptions mean roughly the same thing , but they 're expressed in completely different ways .
That affects the impression you get , and how you feel about the person who 's speaking .
Because when you read a company 's content , you understand it on two levels .
The facts tell the analytical side of your brain what the company does , while the tone tells the creative side what they 'd be like to deal with .
Despite its name , tone of voice is n't just about how you speak .
It includes all the words you use in your business content , including in your website , sales emails , product brochures , call-center scripts , and client presentations , to name just a few examples .
Oh , and by the way , tone of voice is n't the same as good writing or strong messaging .
It 's the next level up from those things .
It 's about using language to give your brand its own distinct and recognizable voice .
All the content you produce should have the same tone of voice .
When your tone is consistent , your audience hears the same person speaking whenever and however they deal with you .
That shows them you 're a consistent , reliable company to deal with , and that every part of their experience with you will be equally good .
More and more B2B companies are getting into tone of voice as a way to engage their customers through language .
For example , leading tone of voice consultancy The Writer has worked with multinationals including Cisco , Unilever , and O2 ; here at Acrolinx we 've served clients including Philips , Yamaha , Google , and Microsoft .
So why are all of those companies focused on tone of voice , and why should you be too ?
Here are six important reasons : 1 .
It Makes You Human People like to deal with people .
So they like a brand to have a personality they can recognize and bond with .
Sometimes , people assume that B2B buyers work in a completely rational way .
But businesspeople are still people .
They might have more priorities and stakeholders to think about , but given a choice , they 'll go with the firm that they feel good about .
In B2B , the trend is toward more authenticity , honesty , realness , and openness — things that were traditionally seen as B2C values .
Buyers of all types are looking for the emotional truth behind an offer or brand , not just the rational benefits .
It Helps You Cut Through As content marketing becomes more popular , firms are generating more and more writing — but much of it does n't have a clear voice .
A distinctive tone gives you the best chance of connecting with people .
Ideally , you want your tone to be immediately recognizable ( even if you take the logo off your website or your social media feed ) and not sound virtually the same as your competitors .
It Replaces Face-To-Face Communication According to Forrester Research , business buyers do n't contact suppliers directly until they are up to 90 percent of the way through the purchase process .
With fewer opportunities to talk face to face , your written words have to work harder than ever .
Prospects know you pretty well from your website and marketing material before they ever pick up the phone .
Your tone helps to build trust with them from the start , laying the foundation for a strong working relationship .
We 've evolved to be highly attuned to subtle signals such as body language , gesture , voice , and so on .
In writing , all those signals are carried by tone of voice , so that 's the only way to show your identity , your character , and your intention .
It Builds Authority Think of the killer TED talks or conference presentations you 've seen .
Did the speakers stand perfectly still , reciting dull but convincing facts in a relentless monotone voice ?
Or were they lively , funny , and memorable , filling the stage with their passion ?
Tone of voice can be a huge carrier of authority and belief .
Personality shows you have confidence in what you 're saying , and that it therefore has real value .
It Gives You Focus Working on tone of voice can be an excellent discipline for thinking about your company 's identity .
You have to boil everything down to something clear and simple that anyone can understand .
That helps to cut through clutter and confusion .
Your tone can even help you set strategic direction .
Markets are getting more crowded and competitive , so companies have to decide who they 're for .
Instead of being all things to all people , they 're embracing niche appeal so they can hone in on the most relevant audience .
It Makes You Different In B2B , tone of voice is a story that 's just beginning .
Most companies have n't woken up to the idea at all .
A few have taken great strides .
But almost none have successfully transformed the way they use language — and that opens up a huge opportunity .
`` Very few B2B brands have been doing this for long enough that we can say they 've definitely nailed it for their whole brand , '' says Neil Taylor , managing partner at the Writer .
`` But what that means is that the first people who do nail it , in any sector , will clean up . ''
Need Help Creating Your Company 's Tone of Voice ?
Now that we 've covered the basics of what tone of voice is and why it 's important , you might be wondering how you can help your company develop its tone of voice .
We 've got a great eBook for you that will give you step-by-step guidance and instructions .
You can download it for free here .
Your company 's tone of voice — how the character of your business comes through in the words you write — can make a lasting impression on anyone who reads your content .
Whether it 's formal or casual , punchy or flowing , think as your tone of voice as part of your company 's DNA or fingerprint .
A compelling tone of voice will help you differentiate your business from competitors , humanize your company , and engage your customers .
The value of developing a strong tone of voice goes beyond those benefits .
It 's also a way to build authority , create focus , and cut through so that your messages stand out .
For these and other reasons , developing a distinct tone of voice is essential and something that B2B brands need to take the time to invest in .
Of course , doing so is easier said than done .
Fortunately , Acrolinx 's new eBook , `` Watch Your Tone !
Why Your Company 's Tone of Voice Matters and How to Get it Right , '' can help .
A systematic guide to creating your company 's tone of voice , the eBook brings together the insights of an array of leading experts , including : Doug Kessler , co-founder and creative director at Velocity Partners Neil Taylor , managing partner at The Writer Liz Doig , owner and brand language consultant at Wordtree and author of Brand Language : Tone of Voice the Wordtree Way Harriet Cummings , copy-editor at Distilled and author of the online guide to tone of voice , Finding Your Brand 's Voice Chris West , founder and head of voices at Verbal Identity `` Watch Your Tone ! ''
takes you step-by-step through the process of developing your tone of voice , starting with identifying your company 's brand values .
It explains , for example , how to use a simple framework to boil your brand down into three one-word values , like `` rigorous , '' `` idealistic , '' and `` curious . ''
It then describes how those values can be used as the starting point for establishing your tone of voice .
In addition to helping you define your company 's tone of voice , the eBook provides guidelines for translating it into your writing .
It outlines 12 distinct elements of tone of voice — such as word and sentence length , tempo , grammar , and use of jargon and colloquialisms — that you need consider when you write .
To round out the eBook , we 've included a chapter dedicated to how to successfully roll out your new tone of voice company-wide , which focuses on advice for creating a tone of voice guide .
`` Watch Your Tone ! ''
also contains an appendix with a variety of worksheets to help you as you go through the process of developing your company 's tone of voice .
As Ann Handley notes in her foreword to this eBook , `` Watch Your Tone !
offers valuable advice on how you can create your own corporate voice — a unique , instantly recognizable style for all your content , that lets you speak with one voice and stand out from the crowd . ''
Those companies that get it right will have an important competitive advantage .
Are you ready to learn about how to develop your company 's tone of voice ?
If so , download your copy of `` Watch Your Tone ! ''
today .
We recently wrote a blog post explaining that the future of content marketing is about more than just marketing content .
In it we described that the customer-facing content your entire organization creates — think of everything the technical documentation , product , and customer service teams are churning out , for example — has a role to play in leading your customers down the path to purchase .
In that post , we also noted that content marketers need to start getting ready to align all of that content with their content marketing efforts .
In this post , we outline six steps that you can take to help you prepare for this shift : Develop a content strategy .
If you do n't already have a strategy in place that articulates your goals and objectives along with the tactics to support your plan , it 's time to create one .
Until you have a documented strategy for what you 're currently doing , you can not earn the confidence of your counterparts across your company , let alone successfully integrate their content into a holistic content marketing program .
For some advice on how to create a content strategy , check out this post .
Conduct an audit all of your company 's content .
Find out the who , what , where , when and why of all of the customer-facing content that your company produces .
Identify where that content is used , or could be used , to influence your customers during their customer journey .
Evaluate how well it does or does n't align with your marketing standards .
You should also try to learn as much as you can about how it 's performing ; for example , how easily do customers find the content ?
How do they respond ?
Fold all of your customer-facing content into your strategy .
Once you know what content is created and how it 's used , you can start incorporating it into your strategy .
Look for opportunities to cross-pollinate key messages into different pieces of content , to actively promote content that you do n't promote today , and to repackage and recycle your content to meet different needs and opportunities .
Integrate other teams into yours .
If possible , try to integrate other content creation teams into the marketing team to centralize content creation .
If that 's not feasible , then set up regular meetings , forums , and communication channels to help align the teams and increase the flow of information among them .
Develop universal processes and guidelines .
You will ultimately need to standardize all of your customer-facing content so that it 's consistent in terms of brand , tone of voice , style , use of product names and technical terms , and spelling preferences .
Setting up a universal review and approval process can help , as can developing a style guide , although consistently enforcing the style guide can be a challenge .
Identify technology that can help .
One of the keys to scaling your content marketing program is using the right tools to help automate , standardize , and bring efficiency to your efforts .
Whether it 's marketing automation tools , social media management tools , or something else , having the right technology in place will ease your growing pains .
Importantly , make sure that you bring that technology to your entire organization rather than just using it within marketing .
The future of content marketing is poised to change as it becomes a company-wide initiative .
Savvy marketers need to be ready to take advantage of this opportunity by getting ready for it now .
If you 've ever seen the British sitcom Yes Minister or its sequel Yes , Prime Minister , then you know that poking fun at the government can serve as the source for a lot of laughs .
One area where the show 's writers found humor was in the long-winded , effusive dialogues they created .
The excerpt below from a speech by Sir Humphrey Appleby , one of the show 's main characters , is a classic example : `` It is characteristic of all committee discussions and decisions that every member has a vivid recollection of them and that every member 's recollection of them differs violently from every other member 's recollection .
Consequently , we accept the convention that the official decisions are those and only those which have been officially recorded in the minutes by the officials .
From which it emerges with an elegant inevitability that any decision which has been officially reached will have been officially recorded in the minutes by the officials… '' Appleby 's rant goes on at length , but you get the idea .
While lines like these are carefully crafted to be painfully convoluted for the sake of a laugh , they 're only funny because on some level they mirror the verbose , jargon-filled language for which the British government has long been notorious .
Until recently that is .
Plain Language is Music to Everyone 's Ears British government officials are nothing if not pragmatic .
Recognizing that their reams of official documentation can often be difficult to understand — no doubt years of being the butt of jokes on TV helped open their eyes — they decided to do something about it .
And so The Government Digital Service Content Style Guide was born , an online reference tool designed to help government officials make their content more `` readable and understandable . ''
Among the guidelines it recommends , the document encourages writers to : Personalize their content by addressing their audience as `` you '' Avoid creating duplicate content , which confuses users Be concise , specific , clear , and informative Avoid long or formal words when shorter , informal ones will do Avoid buzzwords and jargon According to one description , `` more than 30 terms of jargon that have crept into Government announcements and policy documents over the years have been placed off-limits . ''
For example the guide dictates that wildly overused verbs like `` foster '' should only be used in the context of children , while `` tackling '' must be reserved exclusively for sports references .
These kinds of guidelines are being introduced elsewhere too .
In the US , for example , the plain language movement began in the mid-1990s when a group of federal employees formed the Plain Language Action and Information Network ( PLAIN ) because they believed that citizens deserve clear communications from government .
As in the UK , a style guide soon ensued .
It was followed by an executive memo in 1998 requiring government agencies to write in plain language and the signing of the Plain Writing Act in 2010 .
One of our favorite bits of advice that the style guide offers is to `` place the main idea before exceptions and conditions . ''
It points out that if you place the exception first , the reader will almost certainly have to re-read your sentence .
Here 's their example : `` Except as described in paragraph ( b ) , the Division Manager will not begin the statutory 180-day review period for the program until after the preliminary review determines that your submission is administratively complete . ''
Note : The negative expression `` not begin… until after '' further reduces readability .
Similar efforts to simplify government communications are underway in Sweden , Germany and other countries around the world as well .
That 's good news because we all need to do a better job of creating simpler content that 's easier to read , friendlier , and not full of jargon .
Of course it 's not just governments that fall into this trap .
Plenty of businesses and individuals do too .
What examples come to mind for you ?
Do they still do this or have they taken steps to improve ?
We 'd love to hear your thoughts in the comments section below !
Here 's an important observation , though it might not seem like one at face value : Most organizations see content marketing as a marketing activity .
Full stop .
Not surprisingly , they therefore delegate responsibility for content marketing to their marketing departments .
While this wo n't immediately strike you as a unique or critical insight , let it percolate in your head for a minute .
The important point is that this widely accepted view will soon get turned on its head .
Let us explain .
Most people view content marketing as revolving around blogs posts , videos , and infographics – in short , all the usual suspects in terms of marketing content .
They rarely if ever consider all of the other types of content that companies create — technical manuals , product data sheets , and customer service FAQs to cite a few examples — and how all of it could align with and support their efforts .
Similarly , most marketing teams never engage their peers in other departments about their content marketing activities unless it 's to ask them to serve as subject matter experts for a particular project .
Regardless of whether that 's due to a lack of time or interest , they also do n't go out of their way to understand what content other departments are creating , let alone try to corral those efforts or align them .
As a result , it 's easy for silos to form and for other departments to create content without regard for corporate standards .
And who can blame them ?
They have their own goals to meet and adhering to the marketing team 's guidelines is rarely one of them .
This lack of coordination can lead to two big missed opportunities : First , for content marketers who cite an inability to consistently produce enough content to meet demand among their top challenges , [ 1 ] tapping into all of the customer-facing content that other teams already create offers a possible solution .
If marketers could find a way to take advantage of non-marketing content , they 'd likely discover that they had more than enough content .
In fact , their real challenge would n't be publishing enough content ; it would be figuring out how to utilize that content and align it with marketing standards .
Even more important is the missed opportunity to create a superior customer experience .
The fact that in most companies , multiple departments publish customer-facing content means that inconsistencies in many areas will inevitably occur , such as in readability , tone of voice , use of brand names and jargon , and even grammar and spelling .
As a result , instead of creating a better overall experience for their customers , these companies are at risk of confusing them .
Imagine , for example , a company that uses four different terms interchangeably to mean the same thing .
That `` creativity '' in the use of terminology can confuse and alienate customers .
After all , sloppiness and inconsistency do n't exactly inspire confidence or trust .
Allowing two big opportunities like these to get away wo n't be good enough in the future .
Instead , as content marketing continues to evolve and mature , it must become a discipline that transcends multiple departments .
Some companies have already started to recognize that all of the customer-facing content they create has a role in moving customers down the path to purchase , regardless of where it comes from , and that in fact much of it is just as important or even more important than the material that marketing produces .
It 's only a matter of time before content marketers realize that they must partner closely with their counterparts in other departments such as technical documentation , customer service , and product development .
Plus , they 'll discover that they need to bring the content that their entire organization creates into the fold of their content marketing program .
For those reasons , companies will begin to bring together the disparate teams that create customer-facing content today .
Members of the marketing team , for example , may find themselves merging with their peers in tech docs and customer service with the goal of creating a single content engine to fuel a unified customer experience from start to finish .
Smart companies are already blazing ahead in this direction .
Importantly , even though content marketing will no longer solely focus on marketing content , marketing 's role will not diminish .
On the contrary , it will become more important than ever as marketing evolves to become a centralized hub for overseeing — or at least influencing — the creation of all customer-facing content company-wide in partnership with other departments .
While few organizations today present unified content to their customers , the situation will change in the months and years ahead .
If you want to prepare for this change rather than get blindsided by it , stay tuned for our next post and we 'll explain how .
Are you using content beyond what your marketing team is creating to support your content marketing efforts ?
If so , how ?
We 'd love to hear from you in the comments section below .
[ 1 ] According to the Content Marketing Institute and Marketing Prof 's `` B2B Content Marketing 2015 : Benchmarks , Budgets , and Trends — North America '' report , producing content consistently is the second greatest challenge B2B content marketers face ( which 50 % of respondents selected ) , second only to producing engaging content ( cited by 54 % of respondents ) .
Do you pride yourself in your ability to speak English ?
Do you avoid using impact as a verb ?
Do you shudder when someone redundantly says close proximity or spews out business jargon like actionable and incentivize ?
Do you grit your teeth when someone says literally when he means figuratively ?
Do you despair when someone says , `` What are our asks ? ''
Yep , so do we .
And we 're affronted daily by violations of what we smugly know , with absolute certainty , is the correct use of English .
But we learned an important lesson from a great book by John McWhorter , a professor of linguistics at Columbia University , called The Power of Babel : The Natural History of Language : Language evolves , so get used to it .
For example , take the word awful .
It used to mean `` awe inspiring , '' but it evolved into its current meaning before you were born .
And if you hate hearing `` ask '' used as a noun , you should know that it was common usage two hundred years ago .
So it 's time to abandon your attachment to correctness and acknowledge the inevitable , inexorable transformation of language .
As McWhorter says , `` everything about a language is eternally and inherently changeable , not just the slang and the occasional cultural designation , but the very sound and meaning of basic words , and the word order and grammar . ''
Although more than 6,000 languages are spoken around the world today , they all evolved from a single proto language that began in East Africa more than 150,000 years ago .
McWhorter explains how as humans migrated around the world , that single language gave way to thousands of others .
The rise of these distinct languages was the result of a variety of factors , including sound change and grammaticalization , two of the key processes of language evolution that the author skillfully illustrates with a variety of English and French examples .
On every one of its more than 350 pages , you 'll find a new nugget of knowledge that will entertain or intrigue you .
For example , did you know that only one percent of English words are not borrowed from some other language ?
Or that most of the languages that now exist will become extinct within a century ?
Or that as languages evolve , the unaccented parts of words tend to erode and disappear ( as the Latin word femina `` degenerated '' into the French word femme ) ?
McWhorter also explains how the meaning of words can change , citing the 1935 movie Top Hat to illustrate his point .
In it , leading lady Ginger Roberts tells a friend about her relationship with Fred Astaire , saying that `` He made love to me . ''
Those words surely would have been scandalous at the time if they had the same connotation then that they do today .
In fact , in the 1930s `` make love '' could mean any kind of physical involvement , including kissing , as was the intended meaning in the film .
Throughout The Power of Babel , McWhorter delves into numerous other aspects of language that most of us do n't take time to consider .
For example , what 's the difference between a language and a dialect ?
That turns out to be difficult to answer .
The difference could even be merely political : Bulgarians traveling in Macedonia can easily communicate with the locals , but you better not tell the Macedonians that their language is just a dialect of Bulgarian .
What the author does particularly well is open his readers ' eyes to the diversity of languages all around the world .
In New Guinea , for instance , there are languages that have no tenses , while in Australia there are aboriginal languages that only have three verbs ( in case you 're wondering , they are : come , go , and do ) .
He also points out how some of the most complicated languages in the world are spoken in cultures and societies many of us consider to be primitive .
Fula , a language spoken across 20 countries across Central and West Africa , is a prime example .
McWhorter explains : If the Romance or Germanic genders are a nuisance for non-natives , Fula is an absolute nightmare .
In French , German , Spanish , or Russian , we must cope with two or three classes that nouns can belong to , and in the first two languages , gender membership is fitfully suggested by the shape or meaning of the word .
In Fula , there are sixteen ‘ genders ' that a noun can belong to ; except that one of the genders is for people ( there is no masculine-feminine distinction ) , they correspond only occasionally and broadly to classes of meaning .
This is just one of several daunting challenges both native and non-native speakers must confront when learning Fula .
Of course , all languages have their unique quirks — the placement of verbs and pronouns , the existence of unique tenses not widely used in other languages , or the use of tones or even clicks — which is what makes each one so interesting .
McWhorter provides a fascinating account of how language has evolved , changed , and morphed millions of times over the course of human history .
For anyone who 's interest in language or linguistics , The Power of Babel is well worth a read .
As a bonus , you 'll realize some degree of humility about your command of `` correct '' English .
But what do you think ?
Could you ever overcome your disdain and start abusing your own language ?
Editor 's note : We recently hosted a webinar with content strategist Margot Bloomstein .
If you did n't get to join in , catch the high points below and find out how you can download the recording .
The key to successful marketing is having a content strategy that orients all of your activities and gives you direction .
When you do n't have a well-crafted strategy to help you maintain a consistent user experience visually and verbally , across channels , it 's like being the captain of a ship without a rudder .
Sure , you can still propel yourself forward , but it 's impossible to guide the ship toward your destination .
There are lots of different facets to a content strategy and one of the most important is your message architecture .
As Margot described , it 's a hierarchy of communication goals that reflects a common vocabulary .
Put another way , it 's simply an internal framework that you can use to define the most important things that you want to communicate through your company 's voice .
If we were to examine Apple 's message architecture , for example , it might look something like this : Confident but approachable ; accessible Simple ( minimal detail , streamlined , and anticipatory ) Inviting and friendly ( supporting but not fawning ) The bullets above communicate some of Apple 's most important defining characteristics .
Apple translates these characteristics into all of their content , including their website , apps , products , interface design , and even the channels that they use to engage their audience .
Since content marketing is n't just about what you say , but also how you say it , taking the time to develop your message architecture is crucial .
Ultimately , you want to use your content to create the right user experience for your audience both verbally and visually .
Defining your message architecture will give you a roadmap for creating a consistent and appropriate user experience in three main ways : Through your content , by making you think about things like what nomenclature and calls to action you are going to use .
It will also get you questioning what types of sentence structure , diction , and tone of voice are going to set the stage for the type of experience you are trying to create .
Through your design , by making you consider the images that you use , the subject matter and styling of those images , the color of your backgrounds , your use of bold headlines and various line weights , and your choice of fonts , all of which contribute to the user 's visual experience of the content .
Through your choice of features and content types , by making you determine the best formats for your content and any special capabilities that allow your audience to interact with it .
As your company 's voice emerges and is supported by content that reinforces it , you will be able to start differentiating your brand in the marketplace in a way that is far more tactical than , for example , trying to communicate your company 's vision , mission , and values , which are often more inspirational than actionable .
After all , it 's not exactly clear how to communicate a nebulous idea like ‘ excellence , ' which is so often counted among companies ' values .
So how do you establish your company 's message architecture ?
By engaging stakeholders in conversations to unpack marketing goals ( see Content Strategy at Work for more information ) .
After you 've got a message architecture in place , what comes next ?
Start off by formalizing your voice by creating editorial guidelines around style and tone that document your use acronyms , contractions , and punctuation , as well as your use of active and passive voice , sentence length , and diction .
Then work on translating your existing content to match the new guidelines .
In the process , you might discover that you need to phase out certain types of content or introduce some new ones .
Finally , figure out how all of this content fits into your editorial calendar so that people can plan for it appropriately .
You may also find that you need to reallocate your budget to support it .
But before you do anything , you need to understand what you are trying to communicate and why .
To find out more about the role of developing a message architecture in creating your content strategy and defining your company 's voice , check out Margot 's recent Webinar with Acrolinx .
Editor 's note : This is the final post in my series about content marketing .
Check out the previous posts on the benefits of content marketing , developing a content strategy , creating great content , and content distribution .
Content marketers often make the mistake of thinking that once their content is published and promoted , their work is done .
However , in reality there 's still a very important job for them to tackle long after their eBooks , blog posts , and podcasts have gone out : They need to measure how each piece of content performed , reflect on what worked and what did n't , and try to use whatever insights they gather from the process to make improvements .
It 's essential to look at how your content performs on a regular — at least monthly but ideally weekly ( or even daily if you 're publishing that often ) — basis .
When you evaluate your results , try to answer the following questions : How much traffic is your website getting in total and how much traffic are specific pieces of content generating ?
In particular , how many unique visitors and page views are you getting ?
How engaged with your content is your audience as measured by time on page , bounce rate , number of shares , and number of comments ?
How many people completed the desired conversion as a result of consuming your content , i.e. , what was the conversion rate ?
All of the key performance indicators bolded above are ones that you can easily access using Google Analytics .
( For a useful guide to Google Analytics , check out this post . )
Once you start gathering analytics data , it 's a good idea to start tracking and recording them in a content marketing dashboard that you can set up in an Excel spreadsheet like this : Although very basic , getting into the habit of compiling and reviewing data like you see above is a useful exercise .
You can also begin tracking similar metrics for individual landing pages to see how they perform and to get more specific insights .
Over time , you may also want to track other metrics , such as average pages per visit , the amount of traffic driven by search engine or social media , or the number of new subscriptions .
When you start to look at the data , your goal should be to try to identify any trends over time as well as any potential outliers .
If something performed really well , for example , can you figure out why so that you can try to replicate it again ?
Conversely , if something else did n't perform so well , can you pinpoint the reason and avoid it going forward ?
Your job is to glean as many insights as you can into how your content performed and why , and then to adjust your strategy accordingly .
To utilize your content marketing metrics successfully you not only have to update your content marketing dashboard on a consistent basis , but also meet as a team to discuss it .
Having meaningful , data-driven retrospectives about your content marketing program and what 's working and what is n't , is one of the most critical steps to improving your program over the long term .
Unfortunately , it 's a step that many content marketers overlook .
Even if they are disciplined enough to gather the right metrics , they never sit down as a team to discuss them and figure out what they all mean and how they should adjust their content strategy as a result .
Do n't fall into that trap .
The reality is that content marketing is as much of a science as it is an art , and without a clear understanding of the analytics behind your program , it is going to be virtually impossible to make meaningful improvements to it .
That said , there is a limit to how deep you should go .
Google Analytics allows you to track so much information about your content that you can quickly find yourself in a state of analysis paralysis .
It 's an easy way to spend a lot of time without necessarily getting a substantially bigger benefit .
For that reason , it 's a good idea to limit what you track to metrics and pages that matter most .
After all , if you spend your entire week gathering and analyzing the data , it will leave little time for you to attend to the tasks of creating and distributing your content .
As you set off to build your own content marketing program , remember that metrics are going to be a key indicator of the value that your program is bringing to your organization .
Not only that , they will also serve as guide posts to help steer you in the right direction when it comes time to make improvements to it .
As 2014 winds down , we wanted to look take a look back at some of our top posts for content marketers , technical communicators and fellow language geeks .
In the interest of full disclosure , we 're not taking this trip down memory lane because we 've had too much eggnog and find ourselves feeling pangs of nostalgia .
On the contrary , we 're in the middle of planning how to make the Acrolinx blog even better in 2015 .
We 're hoping that after pointing out some of our best posts ( which we 've organized into five themes below ) , you 'll share some feedback that we can take on board for next year .
So without further ado , here are the five main themes that the Acrolinx blog covered in 2014 : 1 ) The Content Era We kicked off the Acrolinx blog with a short series about what we like to refer to as the content era , the current age we live in when content is ubiquitous and among companies ' most powerful tools for driving business and building customer relationships .
The series provided practical advice about how to create content that rises above the noise by making it findable , readable , and engaging .
It also explained the importance of creating content for global audiences and offering advice on how to make yours more easily translatable .
2 ) The Future of Tech Comms Another series we published this year was about the future of tech comms and how the emergence of the content era is driving big changes for technical communicators .
One of the most important changes is how agile product development is putting tech comms professionals under intense pressure , leaving them with shorter development times and greater demands for online-hosted , localized content .
The series also points out the often-overlooked importance of technical content as a tool for building customer relationships and the implications that has for tech communicators .
In the face of these and other changes , we concluded the series by offering our advice for how tech comms professionals can re-position themselves with their bosses in ways that transcend traditional tech comms silos .
3 ) Content Marketing This year the Acrolinx team has also been blogging about content marketing .
From posts about the benefits of content marketing and tactical advice about content creation and delivery , to overviews of content marketing tools and content marketing eBooks that you ca n't afford to miss , we 've been trying to bring you the best content marketing ideas .
We 've also just launched a series about how to succeed about content marketing that will be coming out over the next few weeks .
You can access the first post in the series by clicking here .
4 ) Writing Writing is a fundamental part of what Acrolinx is all about , so we 've made sure that it 's a topic we cover within this blog .
So far we 've published posts with checklists for writers , step-by-step instructions on how to create a style guide , and recommended resources for writers .
We 've also identified some of the most common words that writers get wrong and provided examples of how to use them correctly .
We 've even got a post about why writers should care about their posture ( and trust us , they should ! ) .
5 ) Reviews Last , but not least , we 've tried to include some fun posts and to review other content that we think you 'd enjoy .
For example , we wrote about Weird Al Yankovic 's hit music video from earlier this year , `` Word Crimes . ''
We also reviewed Ann Handley 's excellent new book , `` Everybody Writes . ''
There you have it , the highlights from our first year of blogging .
So how 'd we do ?
And what can we do better next year ?
We 'd love to get your feedback , either in the comments section of this post or any of the other posts that you read , so please do n't hesitate to share your opinions !
Editor 's note : This is the fourth post in my series about content marketing .
Check out the previous posts on the benefits of content marketing , developing a content strategy , and creating great content .
Earlier in this series , we looked at how to create great content .
While critical for successful content marketing , great content is just part of the equation .
Equally if not more important is knowing how to amplify that content so that it reaches as much of your target audience as possible .
To reach your audience , you need to make sure that every piece of content you create gets distributed across all of the right channels ( the ones your customers use ) while not letting yourself get distracted by the rest ( the ones they do n't ) .
In this post , we will examine some of the different methods that you can use to reach your target audience and share some best practices for using each .
Your website While it may seem obvious that your company 's website is one of the primary tools you have for delivering content to your customers , lots of companies still fail to build their websites with content in mind .
Instead of making the specific content their customers want easy to find , they bury it deep within their sites where it 's hard to locate .
That 's a big mistake .
One way to avoid this pitfall is to set your site up for website content segmentation .
Design your homepage to encourage visitors to segment themselves , perhaps based on their industry , their role in the buying process , or a particular challenge they face .
Doing so allows you to control each visitor 's experience by directing them to the information and messaging that they will find most useful and engaging .
Other websites that you can control In addition to your own website , consider posting your content the appropriate content-hosting sites .
Many of these sites , including the ones listed below , attract millions of visitors each month and are full of business content : SlideShare ( for presentations ) Scribd ( for text-based documents ) iTunes ( for podcasts ) DocStoc ( for any document ) Visual.ly ( for infographics and other visual content ) YouTube ( for videos ) The advantage of posting to these sites is exposure to much larger audiences than you probably get on your own site .
Just make sure that you drive people who discover your content on any of these controlled sites back to your own site as much as possible .
Social media channels The number of social networking sites has exploded in recent years , bringing hundreds of potential new marketing channels onto the scene .
With so many options , it 's easy to get distracted and waste time experimenting with new channels that may never provide any real business value .
That 's why you should focus your efforts on the smallest number of channels that will have the highest impact with your specific target audience .
For most B2B companies that will typically include some combination of the social networking sites listed below : LinkedIn : As the world 's leading business networking site , LinkedIn is the ideal B2B channel for sharing content with targeted audiences .
In addition to promoting your content through status updates on your company 's page , take advantage of the more than 1 million LinkedIn Groups , which segment users based on their industry , interests , and needs .
Google+ : Although slow to take off , Google+ has evolved into a vibrant social network for sharing content .
Users can segment themselves into groups called communities based on their interests and needs , which facilitates distribution of your content to a targeted audience .
In addition , posting your content on Google+ has the added benefit of improving your search results .
Twitter : Ideally suited to sharing content , Twitter lets you send out short messages that link to longer blog posts or other content .
To be successful with Twitter hinges on maximizing the exposure of your tweets .
Do n't just tweet a new piece of content once , but rather tweet it four times , each spaced eight hours apart , to increase visibility across time zones .
If the content is timeless or evergreen , you should also preschedule up to 10 additional tweets to promote your content over the following three months .
Facebook : More commonly used by B2C businesses , Facebook can work in B2B as well .
Share personal , visually engaging content such as blog posts , videos , and infographics .
Stick to lighter , more entertaining content and leave your white papers , case studies , and reports for other distribution channels .
Paid Channels Beyond the many free options listed above for delivering your content , there are a variety of paid channels that you can utilize as well .
These include various forms of advertising , such : Content discovery platforms such as Outbrain , StumbleUpon , and Zemanta Social media promotions such as LinkedIn and Facebook ads , sponsored YouTube channels , and promoted tweets Display and pay-per-click search ads Sponsorships There are many different options you can pursue to promote your content .
The secret is focusing on the ones that really work with your target audience ( something that takes some experimentation to figure out ) and then making sure that you do everything you can to actively promote each piece of content that you create .
To help , try making a checklist of everything you need to do to promote each piece of content so that you can be sure that none of the steps get missed .
Once you start putting as much effort behind promoting your content as you do creating it , you will see a big difference in the impact that your content makes .
In our final post in this content marketing series , we will be talking about metrics .
This week , our friends at the Content Marketing Institute ( CMI ) compiled their seventh annual list of content marketing predictions .
Although they ate some crow for a few prediction fails in 2014 ( hey , nobody 's perfect ) , overall their thought leaders demonstrated remarkable accuracy in capturing the heart of this rapidly evolving marketplace .
Looking at the predictions that have been offered up for 2015 , there are quite a few that we could n't agree with more .
And , there are even some that we 've been hinting at ourselves over the past year , like these great examples : 2015 will bring decentralized content creation programs with participants across the company ( not just marketing ) , as well as content initiatives that rely on user-generated content in expanded and highly strategic ways .
The best source of content in most companies may be right under your nose : your employees and customers .
– Jay Baer , President , Convince & Convert We could n't agree more , Jay !
We 've long believed that content marketing is about more than just marketing content .
In fact , we recently published an infographic illustrating that all of the customer-facing content organizations create ( whether it 's from their marketing , sales , technical documentation , product development or customer service departments ) has an important role to play in building customer relationships .
Not only that , we also think tapping into all of those diverse content sources could be the solution to what many content marketers cite as their biggest challenge : producing enough content to meet demand .
Once content marketers open their eyes to all of the different content their organizations already create , they 'll find that their real challenge is incorporating it all into their content marketing efforts .
Plus , they 'll have to figure out how to standardize it all so it 's consistent in terms of branding , style , and tone of voice .
Brands will recognize the role of editor as the missing link to true content marketing effectiveness .
– Sarah Mitchell , Director of Content Strategy , Lush Digital Media Sarah 's spot on with that one !
Editors are so important because they 're the ones who are ultimately responsible for ensuring the quality and consistency of companies ' content .
After all , they 're typically the ones who take the time to check that writers from different departments are using the right terminology , achieving the appropriate tone of voice , and not letting typos or any other embarrassing mistakes find their way to your customers .
The problem , particularly at large companies that produce a lot of content , is that being able to hire enough editors to review all of the content can be prohibitively expensive .
Fortunately , good content optimization software platforms offer a much more cost-effective alternative that you can easily scale no matter how much content you produce .
Now is the time to have content marketers really step up and lead a centrilized organization that directs , creates ( or supports the creation of ) , and distributes content .
2015 will see the end of fractured programs and tactics .
– Amanda Maksymiw , Content Marketing Manager , Lattice Engines Amanda is right !
Fractured programs and tactics just are n't going to cut in anymore .
Content marketers needs to be more strategic .
We 've been trying to do our part to add to this discussion , having written this post about how to create a content strategy earlier this year .
Plus , we 're working on an eBook right now about the future of content marketing .
Rest assured that it too calls out the fact that strategy has a big role to play to the success of content marketing going forward .
Stay tuned for the eBook in March 2015 .
Thanks to CMI for collecting so many great content marketing predictions for 2015 .
We hope you 're as excited as we are to see what the New Year brings .
While nothing 's ever certain , here at Acrolinx we 're 100 percent confident about one thing : We 'll continue to provide you with the best content we can each and every week .
Editor 's note : This is the third post in my series about content marketing .
To read the first post about the benefits of content , click here .
To read the second post about creating a content strategy click here .
One of the by-products of the rise of content marketing is that there 's more content being created every single day than most of us can imagine .
According to some estimates , for example , as many as 2 million new blog posts are published every single day .
And that 's just blog posts !
Think about all of the other pieces of content — the articles and videos , the podcasts and reports , among many other things — that are also being produced at breakneck speeds .
With such huge volumes of content available , you have to work really hard to ensure that your content rises above the noise so that it gets actually gets consumed .
So how exactly do you do that ?
The best way to start is by making sure that every piece of content you create has real value for your target audience .
People 's time is limited and they are rarely if ever prepared to waste it consuming content that 's more self-serving than substantive .
Instead , they look for content that 's inherently useful because it answers their questions , shares information that they want , or in some way meets one of their other needs .
To make your content useful for your audience you need to put the insights you gathered while developing your content marketing strategy to use .
Assuming you know who your audience is , what they care about , and what concerns and pain points they have , it wo n't be hard to deduce what types of content they 're most interested in .
While creating useful content that 's customized for your specific target audience is a big step in the right direction , that tactic alone wo n't suffice .
You not only need great information , you also need to think about how you say it .
For example you want to make sure that your content is : Easy to read .
Focus on creating content that 's concise , error free , and that is n't filled with jargon or terminology that no one understands .
Remember , just because what you have written makes sense to you , does n't mean it will make sense to everyone else .
Engaging .
Make sure that your content talks to your audience , not at them .
Use personal pronouns like `` you '' and `` our '' to create a level of familiarity that you ca n't achieve using the third person .
Not only that , try to create pithy content that grabs people 's attention and is easy for them to scan so that they can navigate to the points they care about most .
Consistent .
Your content also has to demonstrate continuity so that it all has the same style and tone no matter who in your organization is producing it .
That means ensuring that all of your content creators adhere to same standards .
In addition to how you write your content , you need to think about other aspects of it , such as how easy it is to find and share .
To facilitate finding and sharing , you should place the right keywords in the right places and embed social sharing tools in your content .
And if you have intend to share your content globally , it has to be easy to translate , which again requires clear , concise , and consistent language .
Even if you follow all of the advice outlined in this post , your content will still fall short if it does n't do one last thing .
It has to be optimized to drive conversions .
Conversions are simply desired actions ( filling out a form , liking a page , etc . )
that your audience takes as a result of consuming your content .
They are the ultimate goal of content marketing and so you need to make sure that every piece of content you create will drive them .
To improve conversions , your content should include compelling calls to action ( CTAs ) that clearly articulate what you want your audience to do and why they should consider doing so .
You should experiment with your subject lines and headlines , change the colors and fonts of your CTAs , and see what gets the best results .
Sometimes even small tweaks ( like the ones suggested in this post ) can make a big difference in terms of how effective your content is at driving conversions .
Creating great content is n't easy , but if you want you want to stand out , it 's essential .
To find out more about what it takes to create great content , check out Acrolinx 's eBook , `` Speak with One Voice : How to Gain Competitive Advantage in the Content Era . ''
In the next post in this series , we will be talking about content distribution .
If you think about it , content is one of the key drivers of customer experience .
Thanks to the Internet , it has become the primary tool that companies have for building relationships with their customers , who these days can progress as far as 90 percent of the way through the sales process before ever contacting a vendor .
Even after a sale is made content can be just as important , with the vast majority of consumers preferring to troubleshoot their own problems ( with the help of FAQs , for example ) rather than call the help desk .
The takeaway is that since content is now the main touchpoint that many companies have with their customers , it can play a huge role in determining how positive or negative their experiences are likely to be .
Acrolinx 's new infographic , `` Why Great Customer Experiences Start with Great Content '' illustrates this concept and makes some other important points about customer experience and content 's role in it , including : Customer experience matters .
So much so that most consumers are willing to pay more to have a better experience .
Yet interestingly , almost none of them report having consistently good experiences .
That means that companies have a big opportunity to use their content to differentiate themselves by creating the kind of experiences that attract new customers and keep existing ones loyal .
All customer-facing content drives customer experience .
Once you 've got your head around the fact that content has the ability to drive customer experiences , you 've got to appreciate that we 're talking about all of a company 's content , not just the marketing stuff .
So broaden your thinking beyond blog posts and videos to also include things like user manuals , fact sheets , product overviews , and help files .
That means also thinking about the diverse teams that create all of this content , including your sales , documentation , product development , and customer service teams , among others .
Finally , the infographic also shares a formula for how to create the great content you need to drive positive customer experiences : Great content = story x tone of voice x consistency Here at Acrolinx , we believe that when you 've got a good story that 's told in the right tone of voice and that 's consistent with all of your other content , you 've got a recipe for creating something create to fuel successful customer experiences .
The infographic goes on to provide tips on each of these facets of great content .
To learn a lot more about how to use your content to create great customer experiences , we encourage you to check out Acrolinx 's new infographic , `` Why Great Customer Experiences Start with Great Content . ''
Editor 's note : This is the second post in my series about content marketing .
To read the first post about the benefits of content marketing , click here .
The first step to building a successful content marketing program is to develop a strategy to guide you .
Unfortunately , many companies never do , and as a result lack the organization and focus that it takes to get real results .
Although creating a full-fledged strategy may seem daunting , it will be a lot easier if you start out by creating a basic framework to help guide your content marketing efforts .
In this post , we will walk you through the four components that you should base your framework upon , which include : Your knowledge of your target audience The actions you want your audience to take as a result of consuming your content The actual content you plan on creating The ways you intend to deliver that content Let 's take a closer look at each one of these components : 1 ) How well you know your buyers To create content that resonates with your buyers and that is ultimately able to shepherd them down the path to purchase , it 's critical that you understand who those buyers are .
Start out by gathering as much information about them as possible by either interviewing them yourself or by talking to the customer-facing people in your organization .
When you do , try to find out : What their role in the buying process is What their needs and pain points are What will motivate them to make a purchase Who influences their buying decisions What concerns they have that might prevent them from making a purchase Next , compile all of the information you gather into a buyer persona — a short but useful description of that buyer — to help solidify your understanding .
Here 's an example of what a buyer persona might look like : Adam is a VP of sales and needs a better CRM .
He finds his existing tool frustrating because it is too slow and unreliable , but he does n't know there are better solutions available .
Adam is the final decision-maker and while price is an important motivating factor when making a purchase , he's most concerned with functionality and ease of use .
As part of your research , you also need to study your buyer 's journey , i.e. , the steps that he or she will take leading up to making a purchase .
In doing so , figure out where along that journey your buyer is mostly likely to get hung up or stuck and why .
For example , a simplified buyer 's journey might look like this , where the sticking points are in red : Your job as a content marketer is to attack those sticking points by creating the content necessary to ease whatever concerns your buyers have .
2 ) The actions you want your buyers to take Once you have a good understanding of your buyers and their buyer journey , it 's time to think about what actions you will want them to take as a result of consuming your content .
These might include : Visiting a specific page on your website Opening an e-mail Downloading a piece of your content Sharing a piece of your content socially Signing up for your e-newsletter Each of those actions is a conversion , and while your ultimate conversion goal will be to get them to make a purchase , your buyers will likely need to complete a series of much smaller conversions over time that ultimately lead up to that purchase .
Make sure that you are setting a conversion goal for each piece of content that you create , and that each conversion goal is appropriate the corresponding stage of the buyer journey for which it is intended .
For example , trying to get prospects who are just visiting your site for the first time to buy from you is probably an unrealistic conversion goal .
A more appropriate objective might be to get them to visit a specific page on your website or to fill out a form .
3 ) The content you are going to create The next aspect of your strategy that you need to consider is the content itself .
Specifically , you 'll want to decide what content format is most appropriate for what you 're trying to achieve as well as which topics and messaging each piece of content should include .
To help you make the decision and ensure that you are creating content that will resonate with your buyers , consider what you already know about them , their needs , and their preferences .
Likewise , you will want to ensure that the type of content you select is appropriate for the stage of the buyer journey that you are targeting and for the specific conversion goal that you are after .
No matter how good your white papers may be , for example , they probably are n't the right form of content for drawing new buyers with limited attention spans into your sales funnel .
4 ) How you will deliver your content The last component of your strategy that you need to consider is how you will get your content to your buyers , a point that we will go into more detail about in a later post .
Your task at this stage is to figure out which methods are most effective given what you know about your buyers and the stage of the buyer journey that they are in .
In the process , you will want to keep a few basic guidelines in mind : Cheaper forms of contact such as e-mail or social media are generally better than more expensive ones such as advertising .
Why use your budget on content delivery unless you have to ?
You will need to use multiple forms of contact to get your content out .
It 's not enough to just post content to your website , you need to share it socially , post it to content-hosting sites , and find every relevant way you can to maximize the chances of getting it in front of your audience .
The easier the form of contact is to execute the better so that you are n't devoting all of your time to distributing your content .
Make sure that form of contact is good enough to drive the specific conversion that you are after .
Remember , how you deliver your content is just as , if not more , important than the content itself , so you will want to ensure that you get this step right .
Once you have a solid grasp of these four components , organize the information that you gather about each into a single matrix or framework and examine how they work together .
If they are all carefully thought through and aligned with each other , you will be well on your way to developing a successful content strategy .
In the next post in this series , we will be talking about how to create great content .
If you 've created a corporate style guide , then you know it is n't easy .
Documenting an organization 's preferences about spelling , punctuation , terminology , jargon , and tone of voice is no small feat .
However , we have little sympathy when style guides contain glaring errors .
If a style guide offers bad advice or is full of mistakes , its authority becomes questionable .
Blogger Stan Carey provided a great real-life example in a recent post where he took Ireland 's second largest employer ( Health Service Executive ) to task for its style guide , noting that it suffers from `` poor levels of grammar , punctuation , formatting , and spelling . ''
In the article , which is aptly titled `` HSE – Who Proofs the Proofreaders ? ''
Carey points out a variety of errors he discovered in the guide , including typos and inconsistencies , as well as what he deems to be generally bad advice .
HSE is n't the only organization with a lackluster style guide .
Tom Albrighton , another blogger , wrote a similar post about the guide he encountered at the North Norfolk District Council in the UK , which was plagued with so many problems that he felt it lacked all credibility .
Albrighton notes , `` If brands ca n't get their own writing guidelines sorted out , then really , what hope is there ?
And where does it leave those who are supposed to be working for those brands ? ''
How to Create a Successful Style Guide Despite these examples of failed attempts at creating corporate style guides , that does n't make the task any less important .
After all , having consistent , high-quality content is one of the key steps in creating a positive experience for your customers that accurately reflects your company 's brand .
Below we offer some advice about how to create a great style guide by following six straight-forward steps : 1 .
Know what you 're trying to achieve and who your audience is Chances are that your company 's style guide will never be all things to all people , so you 'll only drive yourself crazy if you try to make it so .
A better approach is to focus on addressing a limited number of common issues or pitfalls that will help improve the overall quality of the content your company is creating .
In the process , do n't forget who your end users are .
Style guides are n't just for the marketing team or freelance writers , they 're for everyone in your organization .
As such , it 's important to make sure your style guide is designed to accommodate people with a wide range of writing skills .
Ensure that your guide contains all of the right components Once you 've assessed your objectives and audience , you 'll need to build a logical framework to organize your style guide and make sure that it contains the right components .
This might include : A writer 's checklist like this one A list of stylistic do 's and don'ts A description of your target tone of voice , with plenty of examples about what works ( and what does n't ) A repository of the unique words , phrases , and spellings your company uses to describe itself Guidelines on grammar and/or commonly misused words In addition to categorizing your content into sections like the ones outlined above , organize the relevant points in each group alphabetically to make them easier to find .
Doing so , as well as creating a detailed table of contents and index , will make your style guide easier to navigate .
Refer to the other third-party reference tools While company style guides often reflect unique nuances ( or exceptions to rules ) that are specific to that company , they should primarily align with the rules and best practices set out in other respected resources .
For example , you might choose the Chicago Manual of Style as your definitive source for grammar , punctuation , and style issues , and Merriam-Webster 's Collegiate Dictionary as the basis for your spelling preferences .
Limit the number of sources you leverage to avoid confusion and do n't hesitate to direct your readers to them for more information .
Personalize your guide Never underestimate the importance of creativity and humor when writing a style guide to help make dry material more enjoyable to read .
For example , consider incorporating pop culture or , better yet , corporate culture , into your style guide .
Illustrate key points with made-up examples about well-known public — or even company — personalities to make them more memorable ( such as `` Our CEO has over more than 50 new ideas to help the business '' ) .
You could also break your style guide up with famous quotes about writing ( such as this one from Stephen King : `` Any word you have to hunt for in the thesaurus is the wrong word .
`` ) , relevant cartoons , or other personal touches .
Promote and enforce Promote your style guide internally with the same enthusiasm that you would use to launch a new product or service .
For example , consider creating a mini-campaign to ensure that copies get into everyone 's hands , as well as to let them know why adhering to a style guide is important .
Fair warning : Getting people to adhere to the guide will be a challenge , so you 've got to be vigilant and persistent in your efforts .
Never call it done A good style guide will evolve over time .
Be prepared to incorporate feedback , add in new content , and make other tweaks as needed .
Each new version will be that much stronger .
Creating a style guide is n't easy , but it is worth doing .
While content optimization software such as Acrolinx helps medium and large organizations make their style guideline stick , small companies can make a lot of progress by simply documenting best practices and sharing them across their organizations .
The steps outlined above will make that process easier for everyone involved .
What do you think ?
Did we miss anything ?
If you do n't have a style guide , why not ?
And if you do , how well does your organization 's content comply ?
All business owners — whether they 're novices or veterans , whether they sell swimming pools or accounting services — have at least one thing in common : They want to get as many customers as possible .
Of course , getting those customers is n't always easy .
That 's especially true given that customers are changing how they buy .
According to Forrester Research , many B2B buyers progress through up to 90 percent of their purchasing decisions before engaging with sales .
That represents a huge shift from the pre-Internet days , when information gathering was virtually impossible without contacting someone from the sales team .
Instead of turning to salespeople , today 's buyers go online to get the information they need by reading and viewing content that comes from companies and other sources .
Any company that fails to produce content that buyers can find and understand risks losing them altogether .
That 's why content marketing has become so important .
It 's the process of creating valuable content that 's tailored for a specific audience and then delivering that content at the right times and in the right ways to build relationships and drive sales .
( For a more detailed explanation of content marketing , check out this page from the Content Marketing Institute . )
Simply put , by providing your prospects and customers with useful content at various points in the buying process to address their needs and concerns , you can help shepherd them down the path to purchase .
Plus , when properly executed , content marketing can also help you to : Raise awareness of your company 's brand Position your company as a thought leader Drive traffic to your website Generate , manage , and nurture leads Promote engagement with your target audience It 's important to note that content marketing is about more than just marketing content .
It 's about all of your content .
So in addition to you blog posts , white papers , and webinars , it 's also essential to think about how things like your product information , users ' guides , and other forms of technical content can be used to attract , engage , and retain customers .
The reality is that content marketing has the potential to power your company 's customer growth , but only if you can fuel it with the many different forms of high-impact content that your audience needs .
Of course , building a successful content marketing program is no small feat and presents a number of challenges .
To help you overcome those challenges , over the coming weeks we will be sharing a series of blog posts about how to build a content marketing program from scratch .
Specifically , the series will look at how to : Develop a content strategy that aligns the deep understanding of your target buyers and the buyer journey they are on that you need with your conversion goals , the points of contact that you want to use to reach those buyers , and the types of content that are most effective for getting their attention .
Create effective content that will resonate with your target audience by not only being tailored for them , useful , easy to find , but also readable , consistent , and engaging .
Deliver your content to your audience so that it gets in front of them in the right places and at the right times .
Measure your content marketing program 's overall effectiveness and use the insights you gain from that process to iterate on it and drive continual improvements .
To succeed in today 's online world , your company has to use content marketing .
When done well , it can be a relatively inexpensive way of driving your business to new heights .
Stay tuned for future posts in this series to find out more .
Last fall I made an optimistic prediction for the future of B2B marketing : I said I looked forward to B2B organizations prospering with quality content that 's ridiculously useful and valuable and inspired .
Because as I talk about in my new book Everybody Writes , we do n't need more content ; we need better content .
The future is coming — it always does , of course .
And for those of us who work in content , the future I describe will be ours .
But it 's going to take some work .
Good content is something anyone is capable of producing .
I 'd argue we all need to , too .
If quality content is our future , we all need to get on board — and not just copywriters and producers and marketers , but all of us who use words to communicate .
That pretty much describes us all , does n't it ?
In other words , if you and I were seated facing one another right now , I 'd be looking you square in the eye — because This .
Means .
But here 's the thing .
The more people you 've got creating content in your organization , the more that individual styles get tossed into the mix .
You know what I mean : Some of us write how we talk ; others are much more formal and buttoned-up .
Some of us are long-winded or rambling ; others are succinct and concise .
Sometimes , individual styles can work well together — just as it takes many notes to make a melody .
But there 's an art to making the notes work together — and not sound like kindergartners in a rubber-band band .
You need to give your content creators some parameters around things like word choice , cadence , use of company terms , jargon , and other things that can help even out the experience for your customers .
Consistency is one thing .
But so is making sure that your tone is unique and instantly recognizable as belonging to you .
Your tone of voice is one of the best things you can cultivate to differentiate you from your competition , on a few levels .
Why should you care about this right now ?
Because more and more B2B brands are realizing the power of tone of voice .
And the ones that act first will benefit most .
They 're the ones that will seem most human to their customers and that will cut through the noise .
They 're the ones that will have the most authority and focus , and that will stand out .
Online fundraising engine Crowdrise , LinkedIn , and my company , MarketingProfs , all have a strong , discernable voice that is a clear advantage in a crowded content world .
Remember the goal is better content , not more .
There are lots of things you can do to improve your content , but getting your tone of voice right belongs at the top of the list .
Ann Handley is the Chief Content Officer at MarketingProfs and the author Everybody Writes : Your Go-To Guide to Creating Ridiculously Good Content .
Everybody Writes is a Wall Street Journal best seller , and a must-have guide for anyone creating content on behalf of any size organization .
Have you noticed that companies have gotten a lot friendlier over the past few years ?
I do n't mean that they 're any nicer or that they 're offering better deals ( though maybe that 's happening too ) , but rather that they 're coming across as a lot more personable and human in their content .
In fact , these days even the most corporate brands are loosening up and starting to speak to their customers rather than at them .
Microsoft is a great example .
Not all that long ago , when the company 's software crashed , users would be presented with a so-called blue screen of death , an exceptionally robotic , off-putting error message like this one : Recognizing just how unhelpful that screen was , Microsoft eventually replaced it with a much simpler message that everyone could understand : Implementing changes like this are important because they go a long way toward increasing engagement by making your brand more approachable .
It certainly helped in Microsoft 's case .
In fact , small changes like this one have slowly helped evolve the face of that business from a cool , corporate behemoth into a much more likeable and personable business partner .
Although the trend toward creating more conversational content is on the rise , not everyone has gotten on board yet .
There are still plenty of companies holding on to their formal corporate speak .
Not only that , many of the companies that have adopted a more conversational tone have only done so in certain areas .
As a result , you may find companies with content that 's warm and engaging in one instance ( such as their marketing content ) and formal and off-putting in the next ( such as their technical content ) .
That kind of inconsistency can muddle a brand and confuse customers .
Some Advice on How to Loosen Up In my view , it 's important to establish a conversational tone across all of your company 's content .
One of the knee-jerk responses that companies have to this is that they 're afraid that their customers wo n't take them seriously if they do .
My response to that is simple .
You 've always got to create your content with a clear understanding of the context you 're writing it for .
In other words , always strive to be conversational but ramp that up or down depending on the situation .
For example , you do n't see Microsoft cracking jokes or trying to come across as too cute or chatty with their new error message .
That 's because they understand that the message is about the fact that their software just crashed .
As such , they 've managed to tailor their tone so that it 's both conversational and appropriate to the particular context of the situation .
I do n't recommend trying to be too slick with your messaging either — no matter what the context .
You want your language to come across as natural and not so overwrought that it does n't seem sincere .
My final piece of advice is to make sure that your content is consistent .
You probably have lots of different writers across your organization and it 's important to ensure that they 're all on the same page .
If your marketing content is going to adopt a more personal tone ( and believe me it should ) , then you need to figure out how that tone will translate to all of your company 's other content as well .
The Bottom Line : Your Customers Are People Content marketing is all about building relationships with your customers through content .
One of the keys to doing that is talking to them like the people they are .
So lighten up and adopt a more conversational tone with your content .
In other words , start writing more like the way people actually talk .
Trust me , your customers will thank you for it .
Here at Acrolinx we know how important it is for companies to create consistent content for their customers no matter where in the organization it 's coming from .
That 's because when your content is consistent in terms of style , tone of voice , use of terminology , and other company-specific preferences , it creates a more unified customer experience .
That , in turn , can lead to greater customer satisfaction and ultimately an increase in both sales and advocacy .
What 's interesting is that any time that we sit down with individual content teams —something we do quite a bit — they generally think that they 're doing a good job of working together to ensure the consistency of their company 's content .
In fact , when we recently surveyed individual content marketers to ask them how they 'd rate the consistency of their company 's content , 63 percent said that they thought that most if not all of it was consistent .
Be that as it may , our view is that those numbers probably do n't reflect the reality of the situation .
The fact is that most content teams tend to only think about the content they 're responsible for creating , and never take into account all of the other customer-facing content their companies produce .
As soon as we bring multiple content teams from the same company into a room together , that reality usually becomes quite obvious .
The problem is that most organizations simply do n't have a way of managing and optimizing all of their content across teams , departments , and geographies .
Why does that matter ?
Let us illustrate the point with an example .
Take a look at the logos above that are featured in the image of this blog post .
You no doubt recognize them and have probably also noticed that there 's something strange about them .
The fact is that there a bit squished and , as a consumer , you immediately notice that something 's wrong .
We love making this point with the companies we work with by showing them compressed versions of their own logos that are squished just enough to get them to say `` Oh , that looks wrong '' or `` That 's a horrible use of our logo . ''
People react to seeing their logo misused because it represents their company 's brand .
When it 's not used properly because — as in our example it 's been squished — not only do people notice , it also degrades the brand .
It 's really the same thing with your company 's content .
Every time your customers read a piece of support content that tells them how to use your product or service that 's written with language that does n't reflect the personality that you as an organization are trying to promote , it 's exactly like squishing your logo .
It 's a jarring experience that can damage and weaken your brand .
It can make you look cheap .
That , in our view , is a visual way of thinking about what your language is doing if you do n't keep it consistent , on message , and aligned with the personality that you 're trying to project .
Just as you would never compromise the quality and consistency of how you represent your brand through your logo , you should never compromise on how you 're representing your brand through your content .
If you 're a content marketer and you 're trying to scale your content marketing program , one of the biggest decisions you have to make is figuring out how to produce all of the high-quality content you need .
You 've really got two main options , both of which have pros and cons .
You can either create your content in house or outsource that task to a third-party .
Fortunately , you do n't have to choose one option to the exclusion of the other and , in fact , are probably better off doing a bit of both .
Let 's take a look at the ups and downs of each option to find out why .
Creating Your Content In House At a time when it 's easy to make the case that everyone works for marketing , outsourcing your content creation may seem unnecessary .
After all , why spend your precious budget dollars when you can turn to your peers across marketing — and your organization for that matter — to help with your content creation efforts .
The reality is that since everyone in your company is in some way responsible for trying to engage customers and deliver a great customer experience , you 've got leverage to co-opt them and engage them as content creators to fuel your program .
Not only that , as employees they 're as close to your business as can be and are therefore positioned better than anyone else to create content that true to your company 's tone of voice , that engages your customers , and that provides unique value .
It 's a great plan , at least in theory .
In practice , however , relying on your colleagues for content can be much more challenging .
The reality is that most people are n't good writers — that includes your peers on the marketing team — so getting them to create content for you that you can actually publish can be problematic .
With the proper training and guidance , however , this is a hurdle that you can overcome .
Still , it 's a significant barrier and one that could easily make scaling your content marketing program a lot more difficult .
Complicating matters further , even if you have the good fortune to have lots of great writers throughout your organization , there 's another challenge .
Creating all of your content in-house can , over time , result in it becoming quite insular and stale .
That 's hardly a formula for content that stands out and drives conversions .
Outsourcing Content Creation to a Third-Party That brings us to the alternative , which is outsourcing your content to a third party , such as a freelance writer or an agency .
Paying someone else to create your content can be a great way to both lighten your load and ensure that you get the outside perspective you need to keep your content fresh .
Yet if you think that outsourcing your content creation means that you can absolve yourself of all of the responsibility and still get a great outcome , you 're mistaken .
On the contrary , these kinds of arrangements only work well when you partner closely with your vendor to ensure a successful outcome .
And there 's a learning curve to overcome here too .
Your vendor will be new to your company and perhaps even your industry .
As such , they 'll need time to get up to speed before they are able to start creating content that really resonates with your audience .
Plus , if someone else is creating all of your content , unless you 're carefully editing everything they write , you 're at risk of having your content be off brand .
The reality is that no third-party can represent your company , its tone of voice , and its brand better than you .
Striking a Balance Yields the Best Results So where does all of this leave us ?
If you 're looking to scale your content marketing program , you 'll likely find that you get the best results when you do a combination of in-house and outsourced content creation .
The key is to strike the right balance and that will take some experimentation .
In the meantime , cultivate the resources you have at your disposal , both in-house and external , so that they 're ready to hit the ground running when you need them .
I recently participated in a webinar about how to successfully do content marketing at scale .
As part of that conversation , the other panelists and I talked about a variety of interesting topics , including one that seems to be at the heart of a major dilemma that many content marketers face .
I 'm talking about the age-old debate over whether quantity or quality matters more when it comes to achieving content marketing success .
One of the underlying drivers behind the debate may be the fact that there 's something of a bandwagon mentality when it comes to adopting content marketing .
Content marketers are under tremendous pressure to scale their content marketing programs , even before they 've perfected what they 're doing .
That 's a unique situation .
Nowhere else in business do you start scaling things up before they 're really good and proven to work .
Just consider Apple as an example .
Do you think Tim Cook decided to start mass-producing the new Apple Watch as soon as he saw the first prototype ?
Of course not .
He waited until they had got the product just right .
Yet when it comes to content marketing , for some reason we rarely apply the same logic .
Instead , as content marketers we often hold ourselves to grueling content schedules , sacrificing quality so that we can produce enough content to keep up with demand .
Underscoring this reality are the results of a 2014 study by the Content Marketing Institute and MarketingProfs , which found that 64 percent of respondents identified producing enough content as their top priority .
To be sure , there has always been a strong trend within the industry toward creating more content , even if that meant sacrificing quality .
And there was a time when that worked just fine .
A few years ago , for example , if you were the first company in your industry to adopt content marketing , you 'd find that you had an instant competitive advantage because you were doing something that was new and unique .
Since none of your competitors were trying to build relationships with customers through content , it was pretty easy to win over yours with whatever content you created , regardless of how good it really was .
In today 's crowded content marketing landscape , however , that no longer works .
There 's so much competition that to obtain competitive advantage you need to have really great content or you 'll just get lost in the noise .
Put another way , it 's not about creating more content , it 's about creating better content .
That 's why I think we need to wipe out content mediocrity .
While mediocre content may have sufficed at one point , today it 's no longer good enough .
Not only that , since there 's no such thing as neutral content mediocre content not only does n't help your cause , it can actually erode your brand .
That 's because every piece of content you publish is going to leave an impression on your target audience .
If that impression is n't positive , it 's by default going to be negative .
That in turn means lower engagement and people tuning you out .
All of this is n't to say that quantity does n't matter .
It absolutely does .
It 's just that you ca n't afford to sacrifice quality for quantity 's sake .
So your takeaway from all of this is simple : focus on creating the best pieces of content that you can .
It 's only when you 've mastered creating quality content that you 'll be ready to scale your operations and start producing more .
While few if any content marketers would ever admit to not having a strategy , the truth is that many do n't .
At least not the kind of thoughtful strategy you need to get real results .
In fact , less than half of B2B content marketers have a documented content strategy , and of those who do , many have n't put the rigor into their strategies that they need to .
In other words , companies with fully baked content strategies are the exception and not the norm .
So what 's everyone else doing ?
A lot of marketers ( content marketers are no exception ) like to experiment with different individual tactics to see if they work .
They might try out blogging for a while , and then switch their focus to creating videos .
They might test out one type of paid promotion this month and another the next .
While some of those individual tactics can and do work — some quite well in fact — the problem for many content marketers is that they do n't have a framework to bring them all together into cohesive strategy .
As a result , they often do n't consistently get the outcomes that they want and instead have to rely on brute force ( i.e. , creating huge amounts of content ) to move the needle .
While some organizations have the deep resources necessary to create lots of content , for most it 's neither cost-effective nor sustainable .
To get results , those businesses need to be more strategic .
A more strategic future Going forward , having a good content strategy is n't going to be a luxury , but rather an imperative .
Because as more and more companies adopt content marketing and begin competing against you for your customers ' attention , a good strategy may be the only thing that allows you to cut through all of the noise and stand out .
So if you do n't already have a well thought out , documented content marketing strategy , what can you do to create one ?
Start by asking yourself these four questions : 1 ) How well do you know your buyers ?
To create content that resonates with your buyers and that will shepherd them down the path to purchase , you have to understand who those buyers are .
Start out by gathering as much information about them as possible by either interviewing them yourself or by talking to the customer-facing people in your organization .
When you do , try to find out : What their role in the buying process is What their needs and pain points are What will motivate them to make a purchase Who influences their buying decisions What concerns they have that might prevent them from making a purchase Next , compile all of the information you gather into a buyer persona — a short but useful description of that buyer — to help solidify your understanding .
Here 's an example of what a buyer persona might look like : Adam is a VP of sales and needs a better CRM .
He finds his existing tool frustrating because it 's too slow and unreliable , but he does n't know there are better solutions available .
Adam is the final decision-maker and while price is an important motivating factor when making a purchase , he's most concerned with functionality and ease of use .
As part of your research , you also need to study your buyer 's journey , i.e. , the steps that he or she will take leading up to making a purchase .
In doing so , figure out where along that journey your buyer is mostly likely to get hung up or stuck and why .
For example , a simplified buyer 's journey might look like this , where the sticking points are in red : Your job as a content marketer is to attack those sticking points by creating the content necessary to ease whatever concerns your buyers have .
2 ) What actions do you want your buyers to take ?
Once you have a good understanding of your buyers and their buyer journey , it 's time to think about what actions you will want them to take as a result of consuming your content .
These might include : Visiting a specific page on your website Opening an e-mail Downloading a piece of your content Sharing a piece of your content socially Signing up for your e-newsletter Each of those actions is a conversion , and while your ultimate conversion goal will be to get them to make a purchase , your buyers will likely need to complete a series of much smaller conversions over time that ultimately lead up to that purchase .
Make sure that you are setting a conversion goal for each piece of content that you create , and that each conversion goal is appropriate for the corresponding stage of the buyer journey for which it is intended .
For example , trying to get prospects who are just visiting your site for the first time to buy from you is probably an unrealistic conversion goal .
A more appropriate objective might be to get them to visit a specific page on your website or to fill out a form .
3 ) What content are you going to create ?
The next aspect of your strategy that you need to consider is the content itself .
Specifically , you 'll want to decide what content format is most appropriate for what you 're trying to achieve as well as which topics and messaging each piece of content should include .
To help you make the decision and ensure that you are creating content that will resonate with your buyers , consider what you already know about them , their needs , and their preferences .
Likewise , you will want to ensure that the type of content you select is appropriate for the stage of the buyer journey that you are targeting and for the specific conversion goal that you are after .
No matter how good your eBooks may be , for example , they probably are n't the right form of content for drawing new buyers with limited attention spans into your sales funnel .
4 ) How you will deliver your content ?
The last component of your strategy that you need to consider is how you will get your content to your buyers , a point that we will go into more detail about in a later post .
Your task at this stage is to figure out which methods are most effective given what you know about your buyers and the stage of the buyer journey that they are in .
In the process , you will want to keep a few basic guidelines in mind : Cheaper forms of contact such as e-mail or social media are generally better than more expensive ones such as advertising .
Why use your budget on content delivery unless you have to ?
You will need to use multiple forms of contact to get your content out .
It 's not enough to just post content to your website , you need to share it socially , post it to content-hosting sites , and find every relevant way you can to maximize the chances of getting it in front of your audience .
The easier the form of contact is to execute the better so that you are n't devoting all of your time to distributing your content .
Make sure that form of contact is good enough to drive the specific conversion that you are after .
Remember , how you deliver your content is just as , if not more , important than the content itself , so you will want to ensure that you get this step right .
Once you have a solid grasp of these four components , organize the information that you gather about each into a single matrix or framework and examine how they work together .
If they are all carefully thought through and aligned with each other , you will be well on your way to developing a successful content strategy .
A content strategy may be optional today , but in the near future it will be the one thing that makes or breaks your content marketing program .
__________________________________________________________________ `` B2B Content Marketing 2014 Benchmarks , Budgets & Trends – North America , '' Content Marketing Institute and MarketingProfs .
I 've seen too many marketers who make the mistake of acting like venture capitalists with their content strategy .
In other words , they bank on their ability to hit a few winners to carry the day , without really worrying too much about everything else .
Although this `` let a thousand flowers bloom '' approach may work great for VCs , it 's deadly for marketers .
Because there 's no such thing as neutral content .
It 's Positive , It 's Negative , But It Is n't Neutral That last statement was a pretty important one , so take a minute to let it set in .
There 's no such thing as neutral content .
Every piece of content that you publish that is n't great is effectively working against you by degrading your brand and limiting your long-term prospects of connecting with your audiences .
That means content where you do n't have a good story to tell , that 's not relevant to your target audience , or where your tone of voice is off is actually working against you .
In many cases , you 'd effectively be better off not publishing anything at all than putting a piece of content out there that 's not up to snuff .
That may sound extreme , and it is , but in today 's content-driven world it 's true .
Think of your own experience and willingness to engage with brands and publishers .
While great content helps you stand out and create better experiences for your customers , content that does n't measure up leads audiences to tune out , opt out , and ultimately drop you out of consideration .
For businesses that have long believed they could rely on quantity , rather than quality , to be effective at content marketing , this will no doubt be a rude awakening .
To be clear , however , I 'm not suggesting that quantity is n't an important factor in successful content marketing .
You ca n't create a single piece of flawless content once a year and except to get great results .
You need to produce content on a consistent and regular basis .
That said , your challenge is figuring out how to make sure that it 's always of the highest quality .
There are a lot of great tools and platforms out there that can help you do that , but the trick is simply remembering to never sacrifice quality for the sake of quantity .
As an interesting side note , it 's worth pointing out that earlier this year we launched a comprehensive research project focused on assessing global content quality .
A key finding of this report was that only 33 percent of the companies analyzed met the minimum standards for content quality — an incredibly low number considering our research focused on some of the top brands in the world .
Clearly there 's work to be done on the quality front .
So as you think about your own content , remember that neutral content does n't exist .
Your target audience can and will find every piece of content you publish , and the impression that content makes on them will either strengthen or weaken their perception of your brand .
The stakes are high , but the potential benefits of getting it right are even higher .
I recently had the opportunity to participate in a webinar with the Content Marketing Institute in which I outlined five challenges that content marketers face .
I described the first two of those challenges — whether or not everyone should work for marketing and if the customer journey actually has a finish line — in a previous post .
Today , I 'd like to explain the other three challenges for you .
In the meantime , if you 'd like to watch to the actual webinar , you can access it online here .
The mega-trend toward casual content In order to connect with and engage your target audience more effectively , you have to talk to them in a more casual and conversational way .
And you have to do so with a distinct personality and tone of voice .
While this is n't news to many brands , plenty of others still hold on to the idea that their content needs to be business-like and boring , erroneously assuming that if it is n't both formal and complex , it wo n't be credible .
The reality is those assumptions could n't be further from the truth .
Research has shown time and again that buyers want to be talked to like human beings .
That means not only adopting a more personal and engaging tone , but also a unique personality that helps to differentiate you from your competitors .
It 's also worth pointing out that simplifying your messages so that they get boiled down to their core does n't make you look stupid .
On the contrary , when it 's done well it will demonstrate that you really know what you 're talking about .
Consistency in a world where everybody creates content If you enlist people from across your organization to create content ( i.e. , the various subject matter experts who reside in different areas of the business ) , a number of issues can occur , not least of which is inconsistency .
The fact is that getting professionals who may not normally be content creators to write is a challenge in and of itself .
Getting them do so in a way that 's on brand , on message , engaging , and consistent with your company 's style and tone of voice is even harder .
One solution that many companies turn to is to create a style guide .
The problem with that approach is that in many cases those style guides are never actually consulted .
I 've also spoken to many companies that have multiple style guides — virtually one for every department — which sure makes achieving consistency problematic .
Interestingly , however , most marketers do n't immediately recognize this as an issue .
That 's because they often just look at their own marketing content when checking for consistency .
Unfortunately , what they 're failing to do is take all of the other content their companies produce into account as well , such as the technical documentation , warranties , product information , etc. , all of which is often available online .
The problem is that unless all of that content is consistent in terms of language , tone of voice , and style , you 're putting yourself at risk of degrading your brand .
The future of content marketing We 've seen content marketing arise as the predominant way that most marketing organizations think of and measure themselves .
In most industries , particularly B2B , marketers are thinking of content marketing as being at the core of what they do .
Of course the key to successful content marketing is creating great content that 's effective and creates a desired impact .
Doug Kessler , who I mentioned in my previous post , has come up with a great formula that reflects this .
It 's : Story x voice = impact Essentially , what it means is that you need a great story at the core of every piece of content you create , otherwise you 're not going to be successful .
But even with a great story , that content wo n't work if it does n't have the right voice so that it speaks to and resonates with your audience .
Conversely , if you do get the voice right , it 's like force multiplier , dramatically increasing your content 's ability to create impact .
The content marketing industry is growing up fast , yet it continues to face a number of challenges .
In my view , all five of the issues I 've cited in this series are going to be game changers in terms of how the industry continues to move forward .
What do you think ?
Are there other trends or challenges that we should be talking about ?
I 'd love to hear your thoughts in the comments section below .
I recently had the opportunity to participate in a webinar with the Content Marketing Institute in which I outlined five challenges that content marketers face .
I 'd like to share those challenges again here in case you missed the webinar .
While I 'll be the first to admit that some of the points that follow are more controversial than others , I think that they 're all becoming increasingly mainstream , and that they 're game-changing issues in terms of how content is being created .
I 'll tackle the first two challenges in this post and save the other three for a second post .
If you 'd like to watch to the actual webinar , you can access it online here .
1 ) Should everyone work for marketing ?
One of the central tenants of content marketing is that you need to be in a relationship with your customers and prospects by regularly providing them with the content they need .
Importantly , that content should n't just come from marketing , but also from individuals and subject matter experts across your organization as well as from peers and related third parties .
Marketers who understand this have historically had a strong desire to get more content out to their prospects and customers .
In fact , when the Content Marketing Institute asked marketers what their top priority was back in 2014 , an overwhelming 64 percent of them indicated that it was producing enough content .
The unfortunate result of marketers ' desire to `` feed the beast '' has been an overwhelming deluge of all types of content , regardless of its quality .
The reality , however , is that just having more content is n't the key to successful content marketing .
On the contrary , giving people too much content can be problematic because it can often result in a backlash .
Doug Kessler , the Co-founder and Creative Director at Velocity Partners , makes that very point in a now famous presentation called `` Crap , '' in which he explains that the biggest threat to content marketing is content marketing .
In his presentation , Kessler makes a plea to content marketers to stop just blindly creating and soliciting huge amounts of content and instead focus on developing smaller amounts of higher quality content that 's better suited for reaching people .
Since then the content marketing industry has grown up a bit .
Today 's marketers are looking more carefully to see what types of content they take rather than simply accept anything they 're given from across their company .
In fact , in the 2015 version of the same Content Marketing Institute survey , respondents had made a major pivot , with 54 percent of respondents citing creating engaging content as their top priority .
So while content marketers may still want everyone to be a part of the marketing team , the reality is that they 're realizing that they need to be much more selective about who actually is and what content those people produce .
2 ) Does the customer journey have a finish line ?
Marketers spend a lot of time talking about customer journeys , without always understanding where that journey leads to or ends .
Instead , they often think about customer journeys in terms of the classic steps of a sales funnel , starting with awareness and progressing through to consideration and conversion .
While it 's true that you do need to provide prospects and customers with content at every stage of the customer journey , the reality is that the typical journey looks nothing like the funnels or straight lines we so often see them represented as .
A much more accurate representation would be a messy , squiggly line that goes in lots of different directions .
As much as you 'd like to think of a buyer 's journey as a beautiful diagram with an orderly progression to it , trying to plan for that is a loser 's game because it just does n't every actually work that way .
Instead , you need to think of the buyer 's journey as being more chaotic and filled with different inflection points .
Your job as a content marketer is to make sure that your customers and prospects bump into your content at those inflection points , and that your content engages them and encourages them to move in a specific direction .
One of the implications of all of this is that if you invest a lot of time and money creating great content before a sale , and then do n't do the same for the content used post-sale , you 're making a mistake .
Consider Nikkon as an example .
Prior to making a purchase prospects get beautiful content that 's glossy , shiny , and engaging .
Yet as soon as they 've made a purchase , they 're suddenly demoted to receiving content that 's dull and clunky , like a user 's manual that 's in black and white and written in a bunch of languages that they do n't even speak .
That 's a problem because , as many studies have shown , people look at the documentation before they buy a product .
That means that technical documentation like users ' manuals have a role to play in the purchasing decision .
That really changes the game in terms of having a connected customer journey and a unified content experience for your customers .
The reality is that there is no end to the customer journey — you want your customers to not only become repeat customers but also advocates — which means that you need to provide them with a continuous flow of great content at every step along the way .
In my next post , I 'll dive into the three other content controversies I covered in the webinar , including the mega-trend toward more casual content , the importance of consistency in a world where everyone creates content , and the future of content marketing .
If you enjoyed this post , I hope you 'll check it out .
As you might imagine , most good writers are sticklers when it comes to using proper grammar and punctuation .
They cringe when they see apostrophes used to pluralize nouns , the pronoun `` your '' confused with the contraction `` you 're , '' or any number of other common mistakes that can creep their way into writing .
While it 's always a good idea to eliminate errors from your writing , it 's also important to remember that sometimes it 's ok to break certain rules , especially if it helps you to establish the right tone of voice .
That 's all well and good , provided you know which rules you can break and which ones you ca n't .
The good news is that the list of rules you can break is a lot shorter than the ones that you ca n't .
So , as a general rule of thumb , always write the way you were taught to , and then go back and look for opportunities to make your writing more conversational .
To help you get started , below are five of the most common rules that we encourage you to consider breaking from time to time , along with an explanation of why .
Never end a sentence with a preposition In school we 're taught that ending a sentence with a preposition is nothing short of a cardinal sin .
But the reality is that strictly following this rule can often result in language that sounds too formal .
Consider the difference between these two sentences : What software is the new product compatible with ?
With which software is the new product compatible ?
As readers , we understand both sentences equally well .
But does n't the first sentence sound more natural than the second ?
Of course it does and that 's why you should write it that way , even if it means that you 've got a preposition at the end of your sentence .
Never split an infinitive Similar to ending sentences with prepositions , we also learn that we 're never supposed to split up the infinitive forms of verbs ( e.g. , to be , to do , to have , etc . )
in writing .
That 's often true , but there are times when splitting the infinitive just works better .
Think of Star Trek 's famous motto , for example : To boldly go where no man has gone before .
In that example , the infinitive `` to go '' is split by the adverb `` boldly . ''
If we were to follow the rules and avoid splitting the infinitive , the sentence would change to the awkward-sounding to go boldly where no man has gone before .
Does n't have the same effect , now does it ?
Your subjects always have to agree with your verbs Although this is definitely true 95 percent of the time , there are exceptions .
For example , compare the two lines below .
Apple is a great company .
It has amazing products that consumers love .
Apple is a great company .
They have amazing products that consumers love .
While the first set of sentences is technically the correct one , the second set creates a more personal impression of Apple .
Plus , usage like this is so widespread that most people wo n't fault you for using this more conversational style .
Never start your sentences with the conjunctions `` but , '' `` and , '' `` or '' True enough , you do n't want to start most of your sentences with these conjunctions .
But doing so selectively ( like we just did at the start of this sentence ) can help create a better style .
The trick is just to use them in moderation , when doing so can help you be more direct or establish a more conversational tone .
Paragraphs need multiple sentences , sentences need multiple words While these are often hard-fast rules , there are times when they can be broken .
Really !
Doing so can give the cadence of your writing a much needed adjustment , helping you to keep readers engaged .
Just look back at this blog post to see some examples of how we 've used a combination of sentence and paragraph lengths in our attempt to keep you interested .
How 'd we do ?
Of course , we 've only scratched the surface here in terms of the rules that you can bend or even occasionally break .
What other ones come to mind that you enjoy overlooking in your writing ?
At Acrolinx , we have a vision to help the world 's greatest brands create amazing content at scale .
This is no small feat ; in fact , it 's a monumental problem to overcome .
But before I tell you how we 're working to solve it , let me take a minute to explain what led us down this path in the first place .
Over the past few years there 's been a tidal shift that everyone has been a part of — even you .
We all discover , learn , and buy things differently today than we did just a decade ago .
Because we now live in a content-fueled , always-connected world .
As exciting as that is , our customers are acutely aware of the challenges of creating high-quality content at scale .
And , knowing that we 're uniquely positioned to help , they turned to us for a solution .
That 's why we started re-imagining what kind of software it would take to support large complex companies that are creating massive amounts of content across a variety of departments , teams , languages , and geographies .
We knew that the solution would have to be cloud-based to support diverse and decentralized users .
It would also have to be incredibly easy to set up and use , customizable to different customers ' unique needs , have a beautiful interface , and be flexible to support a wide range of use cases and content types .
Not only that , it would need to have even more powerful language capabilities than our previous software .
That 's how Acrolinx Cloud Edition was born .
Based on our existing linguistic analytics expertise , our new cloud-based software actually `` reads '' your content and analyzes it against thousands of linguistic dimensions and rules such as style , terminology , readability , and tone .
It then provides writers with real-time guidance on how they can make it better .
The result : Acrolinx makes it easy for companies to create great content that 's on-brand , on-target and drives results .
We 're incredibly excited about this offering and some of the features our customers will love .
Here are a few : Audience Personalization : Within the software , users can now define unique audience profiles with specific preferences for words , phrases , brand terms , and SEO keywords .
The Acrolinx engine understands this profile blueprint and guides writers to develop content that consistently matches those preferences .
Real-Time Guidance : We also re-designed how we give users guidance with our new side-bar .
It 's like having your own personal writing coach giving real-time feedback as you type .
The Acrolinx Score : Another exciting development with this new offering is deep analytics and reporting .
The Acrolinx dashboard gives you a beautiful view of their content quality and synthesizes the complex linguistic analysis into a single score that 's easy to measure and manage .
As you might imagine , we 're very proud of this achievement but what really inspires us is the impact this will have on our customers .
The world has changed and content is the new currency of customer engagement .
We 're thrilled to part of this revolution and we invite you join us as we help the world create amazing content .
Check out this short video to learn more about the making of our new solution .
[ scis id= '' 4 '' align= '' left '' ]
In 2015 , Acrolinx launched a bold new research project to read and evaluate the world 's content .
Using our software 's linguistic analytics engine , we evaluated the public-facing content of 340 major companies from around the world .
Brands like Kohl 's , Gucci , Audi , Xerox and many more .
As part of the analysis , our software `` read '' more than 20 million sentences spread across 150,000 unique web pages .
That represents over 160 million words !
At this point , you might be wondering why we did this .
The simple reason is that we wanted to cast a light on what we believe is an incredibly important issue : the importance of creating engaging , readable content .
With that in mind , we launched our research , looking at content in terms of three dimensions : grammar and style ( both indications of quality ) and clarity ( an indication of how easy your content is to read ) .
Using a proprietary algorithm , we were able to give each company an overall content impact score based on a 100-point scale .
Importantly , we were looking to see whether or not companies achieved scores of 72 or above , which is the benchmark we set based on a decade of helping companies create more effective content .
Interestingly , the overall scores varied dramatically , ranging between between 55 and 85 points .
While only 31 percent of the companies we studied had scores of 72 or higher , most fell below that critical threshold which is both interesting and a bit worrying .
We believe that the companies achieving high-marks for content quality will be far better positioned in a world where content drives awareness , customer engagement , satisfaction and ultimately , loyalty .
To learn more , download the full report and stay tuned for upcoming editions of this report .
Later this year we 'll be taking a deeper dive into various aspects of content quality as part of our ongoing goal to help companies create better content .
[ vc_button button_color= '' color-iopl '' link= '' url : http % 3A % 2F % 2Fwww.acrolinx.com % 2Fglobal-content-march2015 % 2F||target : % 20_blank '' ] DOWNLOAD THE REPORT [ /vc_button ]
At Acrolinx , we 're always on the look out for great content to share .
We 've recently been checking out infographics and this week wanted to point out five of our favorites that address different aspects of content marketing .
From tips on how to create great content to the latest content marketing trends for 2015 , below are the infographics that caught our attention and that we think you 'll enjoy , too .
The State of Content Marketing 2015 Brought to you by UK-based marketing agencies JBH and Smart Insights , The State of Content Marketing 2015 is a great , data-driven infographic about what trends to expect this year .
What we like about it is that it in addition to providing an overview of content marketing , it offers practical advice on how to succeed , including where to invest your budget dollars , what tactics you need to master , and how to get the fundamentals right .
Interesting take away : Did you know that 56 percent of content marketers do n't have a content strategy ?
We Live in a Visual World Presentation experts Ethos3 have created a great infographic to remind you about the importance of creating visual content , and the role that presentations , videos , and infographics can have in your content marketing program to help you better engage your audience and drive results .
Interesting take away : People retain 80 percent of what they see , 20 percent of what they read , and only 10 percent of what they hear .
The No Hype , Buzzword-Free Guide to Creating Good Content for Your Business The folks at content platform Spundge have got a no-nonense infographic that outlines an eight-step process for creating better content .
It points out that writing is just one of the many steps you need to take to really good content , and in fact , it 's one of the last .
Interesting take away : Your writing is only as good as your sources , so make sure that you 're identifying the best ones and referring to them often .
B2B Content Marketing Trends for 2015 The content marketing automation software providers at Überflip have displayed some of the key insights from MarketingProfs and the Content Marketing Institute 's latest B2B content marketing industry survey in their inforgraphic .
What 's great about `` B2B Content Marketing Trends for 2015 '' is that it highlights some of the most notable findings from the 40-page report , condensing them into a single image .
Interesting take away : Between 2013 and 2014 , infographics saw the single greatest increase in usage of any B2B content marketing tactic , up 62 percent .
Why Great Customer Experiences Start with Great Content In case you have n't seen it , we also want to make sure that you check out Acrolinx 's infographic about the important role that all of your company 's content has to play in creating better customer experiences .
It also explains that the key to great content is focusing on your story , tone of voice , and consistency .
Interesting take away : Did you know that 86 percent of buyers are willing to pay more for a better customer experience , yet only 1 percent of them say that they consistently have a great experience ?
Savvy content marketers pay close attention to analytics and measure much of what they do .
They want to know , for example , how many page views they 've generated , what the open and click through rates of their most recent newsletter were , and often most important of all , how many prospects they 've converted into leads .
That 's all well and good , but if you reread that last sentence closely you 'll see that it reveals a fundamental limitation .
Here 's a hint : look at what tense we 've used to construct the sentence .
The reality is that today 's analytics often offer only a rearview mirror 's look at how your content performed in the past .
Make no mistake , there 's certainly tremendous value in looking back at past performance data across a number of metrics , including but not limited to : Sessions New vs. returning users Page views Time on page Traffic sources Bounce rate Social impressions Conversion rates Tracking and analyzing metrics like these is an important exercise that content marketers should do regularly .
Getting into the discipline of doing so is helpful not only to facilitate reporting and demonstrate your ROI , but also to inform your strategy .
By reviewing performance metrics over time , you can identify trends , pinpoint specific tactics that do and do n't work , and ultimately form hypotheses about what you could do differently to get a better result .
Of course , even with the most rigorous tracking and analysis — the kind performed on a weekly , if not daily basis — content marketers can do little more than make informed guesses about what to do next .
While content marketers who are rigorous about analytics are better off than those who pay little or no attention , there are still significant limitations in terms of what they can divine about the future by looking into the past .
Are you ready for a forward-facing future ?
New technologies are emerging that will pave the way for what we believe will become the Holy Grail of content marketing : predictive analytics .
In the not-too-distant future , analytics tools will make valuable recommendations to help inform their users ' strategies and will be formulated by analyzing vast quantities of data around a variety of points , including : Audience sentiment and preferences Language quality Tone of voice Hot topics Keywords Distribution channels Conversion rate effectiveness The best tools will cull all of the available data ( both from your own program and from others similar to it ) and generate intelligence and recommendations .
Companies will then be able to consider these insights when deciding what kinds of content to create , which topics to cover , how best to create that content in a way that 's going to resonate with their audience , and how to ensure that content reaches the right targets .
This may sound like science fiction to anyone more concerned with the power of words than the power of data analysis , but it is coming .
If you want to be ready , there are a few things you should start doing now : Determine what metrics matter most to you .
There are new tools emerging all of the time that offer insights into different aspects of your content marketing , not all of which may be relevant to you .
It 's easy to get lost in the weeds , so hone in on the handful of metrics that are most relevant to meeting your goals , and any additional supporting metrics to help inform the strategy you 'll need to reach those goals .
Anything beyond that is just a distraction .
Begin tracking those metrics .
If you 're not already tracking the metrics that matter to you , it 's time to start .
And if you are , depending on how long ago you started , you may need to go back and gather additional historical data .
Ideally , you 'll want to have a deep well of performance data that you can use as a benchmark for future comparisons .
Identify what tools already offer certain predictive capabilities .
Our very own Acrolinx software , for example , evaluates your content giving its language a score to indicate how successful it predicts it will be with your target audience .
There is truth in the old adage that `` knowledge is power . ''
For the next generation of content marketers , that knowledge will stem from predictive analytics that will help them decide how to craft and deliver better content .
The result will be more effective content marketing that 's able to anticipate people 's needs rather than just react to them .
In case you had n't noticed , in today 's online world we are practically drowning in content — more content , in fact , than we could ever begin to consume .
To give you a sense of the scale of it , just consider that every day 70,000 hours of video are uploaded to YouTube , two million blog posts are published , and 294 billion emails are sent .
The problem is that a lot of that content is going to waste .
Because it 's not very good and , as a result , people are tuning most of it out .
If you 're a business trying to build strong relationships with your prospects and customers , that presents a real challenge .
How do you go about creating content that stands out so that your target audience not only reads it , but actually enjoys it and converts as a result ?
Great content starts with information that your audience will find relevant , interesting , and perhaps even entertaining .
But that 's just the starting point .
Your language matters , too .
That 's why the trick to making great content is making sure it has the following five characteristics .
It has to be : Readable .
When you create content , nothing is more important than making it easy to understand , which mainly depends on whether the content is readable .
The readability of a piece of content is shaped by many factors , including your use of jargon , terminology , spelling and grammar , and sentence structure .
Engaging .
To build relationships with your customers , your content has to create the emotional connection with your audience necessary to foster engagement .
Poor readability makes your content less engaging , but other factors play a part too , including your use of personal pronouns ( say `` I '' and `` we , '' not `` it '' and `` the company '' ) , how concise and lively your writing is , and how scannable it is .
Consistent .
Because content comes from many sources both inside and outside of your organization , inconsistencies are inevitable .
Inconsistencies confuse readers .
Inconsistencies can also affect your company 's brand recognition .
Rising above the noise of a crowded marketplace is difficult , but if your company name , product names , or key messages appear inconsistently , then rising above the noise becomes impossible .
Findable .
Whether you 're publishing support content on a dedicated portal , or making marketing content available on your website , you want your most relevant content to appear at the top of people 's search results .
While there are SEO `` tricks '' that you can try to boost your search rankings , the most important thing you can do is to focus on creating high-quality content that includes appropriate keywords in appropriate places .
Translatable .
Many emerging markets , such as India and China , have driven huge increases in global trade over the last decade .
As these countries develop , they create opportunities for growth far beyond what 's possible in nations with mature economies .
To satisfy consumers in these new markets , companies must localize their content into more languages .
That means doing everything you can to ensure that your writing is clear and readable to make translation as smooth and efficient as possible .
The bottom line is that it 's not enough just to create content anymore .
Your content has to be great or you 're losing an opportunity to help your business .
Making sure that your content is readable , engaging , consistent , finadable , and translatable will go a long way to getting you there .
Scott Abel , otherwise known as the Content Wrangler , is a content management strategist and social media choreographer who helps organizations improve the way they author , maintain , publish , and archive their information assets .
While at the heart of every good content marketing program there 's a solid strategy , that alone is rarely enough .
To be successful , you also need to have the right processes in place .
For example , content marketers often devise processes for deciding what types of content to create when and about which topics .
They also have workflows for reviewing that content and ensuring that all of the right people approve it .
And they have a variety of systems for delivering the content through their network of paid , owned , and earned distribution channels .
Yet for many of today 's content marketers , those processes tend to be primitive at best , and as a result can present a barrier to scaling operations .
Just think of all of the editorial calendars you 've ever seen that live in static , color-coded spreadsheets with little or no functionality .
And then there are the editorial standards that are painstakingly spelled out in hard copy style guides that no one reads .
Similarly , how many workflows have you seen document in Word or PowerPoint that get filed away and are quickly disregarded ?
The fact is that the processes supporting many of today 's content marketing programs are often manual , ad hoc , and unsophisticated .
Just consider how many companies use mass distribution tactics to deliver their content , as an example .
Rather than tailoring their programs so that specific audiences only receive the specific messages and content that 's relevant to them , many companies still default to a one-size-fits-all approach that 's not terribly effective .
What all of this means is that today 's content marketing is often slow and inefficient .
As a result , for those people charged with scaling content marketing programs , often the only solution is to add the brute force that hiring additional manpower can provide .
While all of that may be enough to get by today , the successful content marketers of tomorrow are going to need to do better .
A more efficient future , and how to get ready for it Going forward , content marketers will need to have the right tools to scale and automate their operations , so that they are able to work smarter and not just harder to get results .
Specifically , they will need tools that help them : Better understand who their target audience is and what they care about .
Discover what their audiences are talking about online so that they can insert themselves into those conversations with relevant content .
Automate content workflows and editorial calendaring to cut down considerably on the administrative time currently associated with these tasks .
Achieve greater alignment among silos so that content producers across companies work better together .
Identify relevant keywords and place them appropriately for search engines .
Optimize their language by embedding preferences for style , terminology , and tone of voice directly into the authoring tools that writers use .
Create distinct content experiences for different audiences , including how that content is delivered .
Obtain more precise insights into how content was consumed and which , if any , actions it resulted in .
Gain forward-looking insights with predictive analytics .
Many of the tools necessary to make these types of improvements already exist and will continue to become more sophisticated in the months and years ahead .
Those that do n't will begin to appear in the marketplace in the near future .
If you 're still getting by with an old school approach to content marketing , but want to be prepared for what lies ahead , it may be time to : Audit your existing content marketing processes so that you can identify where the weaknesses and bottlenecks are .
Chances are that you 're not going to have an unlimited budget for new tools , so you 'll want to be very clear on where you see the most opportunity for improvements .
Examine the tools that are available to help and prioritize them based on the benefits that they offer .
When doing so , there are a number of factors that you should take into consideration , including cost , functionality , and ease of integration with your current systems .
The difference between content marketing success and failure going forward will be determined in large part by how effective the systems and processes in place are that support your program .
If yours is built on ad hoc solutions , outdated spreadsheets , or any other antiquated practices , you 're going to have a very difficult time staying competitive .
If you 're a content marketer , different companies probably contact you on a regular basis to pitch their products and services .
These might include content creation , curation , hosting , and management services ; content distribution platforms and tools ; and content measurement applications , to name just a few .
But do you really need all of that stuff to be successful ?
Probably not , but you may need some of it .
The challenge then becomes figuring out which of those products and services to allocate your precious budget dollars toward and which you 're better off passing on .
With that in mind , here at Acrolinx we wanted to give you a simple way to figure out if your company needs content optimization software .
To do so , just read the five statements below .
If any of them apply to you and your organization , you might want to consider taking a closer look at some of the content optimization platforms available to you , which can help you improve your content company-wide .
There are lots of different people producing content within and even outside of your organization , but no one aligns and standardizes it all .
Many organizations , particularly larger ones , have numerous writers who sit across multiple departments , including marketing , technical documentation , product development , and customer service .
When it comes to content marketing , outside agencies are often involved too .
Yet there 's rarely a process in place to align and standardize all of the content that those writers produce to ensure that it 's aligned in terms of word choice , style , and tone of voice .
As a result , the content is often inconsistent , which can confuse — and even worse — turn off potential buyers .
If this is a problem at your company , the right content optimization software can probably help .
Your content is n't ranking well in search results .
If people are n't finding your content when they search on Google , you probably have n't optimized it appropriately .
Search engine optimization starts with ensuring that your content includes keywords in all of the right places , such as the title and headings , as well as strategically sprinkled throughout the body and in the meta tags .
Since not every writer thinks about the content they create from an SEO perspective , having a tool that prompts them to include keywords in the right places can be very helpful .
You 've got customers overseas and need to make translation as cost-effective and as accurate as possible .
Thanks to the Internet , we live in a global economy where even small companies regularly conduct business internationally .
As a result , those companies need to be able to deliver their content in multiple languages , which has historically been a slow and expensive proposition .
Fortunately , good content optimization software can help streamline the process by standardizing your use of terms and phrases .
In doing so , it helps make translation more efficient by allowing you to develop a growing library of set terms and phrases that have already been translated and can get re-used in future content .
Management wants to see how well you 're managing and improving content quality .
Good content optimization software will not only optimize your content , it will also measure your process so that you can see how it 's improving over time .
With analytics capabilities built in , you can assess your results , calculate cost savings , and identify problem areas , which is helpful for executives and managers alike .
You want to give your customers the best experience possible .
In today 's online world , customer experience is increasingly driven by content .
As a result , the better your content is ( in terms of consistency , accuracy , and tone of voice , among other factors ) the better your customers ' experience will be .
Importantly , it 's not just marketing content that influences customer experience , but rather all of the content your customers consume throughout their entire customer journey , much of which comes from other departments .
With the right content optimization software you can ensure that all of that content is consistent to create the best experience possible for your customers .
There are lots of products and services out there that can help you , and you certainly do n't need all of them .
Before making a decision , always evaluate how much you stand to benefit from using any of them .
We hope this post is helpful for anyone considering optimizing their content .
Editor 's Note : This is the fifth post in a series about tone of voice .
In case you missed it , check out our previous post about how to adopt your tone of voice in your writing style .
Once you 've identified your brand values and defined a new tone of voice , the final step in the tone of voice development process is making sure that it 's understood and used throughout your organization .
That 's easier said than done .
Fortunately , creating a guide for people to refer to when they write will go a long way toward helping .
Creating a guide is pretty simple .
The basic idea is to outline the key concepts and back them up with relevant examples .
That said , we also recommend including the following sections within your guide : Positioning statement .
Why you 've decided to start managing your tone of voice , and how this guide can help people in their writing .
Brand values .
A summary of the brand values you 've identified .
Tone of voice .
How your brand values translate into writing style .
Key phrases .
Forms of words that express something crucial about your brand or your values .
These could be public content like ad slogans or corporate taglines , or just frequent sayings within your business .
Sample texts showing how your tone of voice works in different situations .
You may also want to include illustrations of what not to do ( for example , how not to respond to complaints ) .
Hints and tips .
Mnemonic devices to help people remember your tone of voice guidelines , or suggestions to help them integrate your tone of voice into their day-to-day writing .
Your guide does n't need to be a 100-page monster .
It should have enough detail to be useful , but not so much that it becomes daunting .
Around 10-15 pages should be plenty , depending on how many examples you need to cover .
Importantly , whatever you do write should be in your tone of voice — ironically , something some brands forget .
10 Tips for Rolling Out Your Tone of Voice Of course , there 's no point creating a new tone of voice — or a guide to it — if it does n't get used .
That 's why we 're focusing the majority of this post on offering tips for making sure your tone of voice becomes part of the day-to-day writing throughout your organization .
Make it memorable For day-to-day writing , you need your guidelines in a form so you can check them quickly and easily .
A carefully crafted one-pager , or a well-designed poster , might be more useful than a book — or , at least , a useful complement to a book .
Using mnemonics and acronyms is another simple , snappy way to help people remember tone guidelines .
Offer some training The most obvious way to teach people about your new tone of voice is to train them .
You can commission a third-party trainer or do it yourself .
If you have a very large organization , a `` train the trainer '' approach might work best , whereby experienced writers or trainers work with managers , who then go back and share what they 've learned with their teams .
Whatever approach you choose , make sure the training involves a lot of hands-on work , not just sitting and listening .
Your tone of voice only has value if people actually use it .
Schedule regular health checks To see how your tone of voice is getting along , hold a meeting where you review your writing over the last year or so .
You can also look at examples from other brands — competitors , or companies in other sectors — that might fire you up to stretch your tone a little bit .
You could even build tone of voice into people 's formal reviews , so their performance rating depends on them using your tone in their work .
Kill some sacred cows Every business has its linguistic totems — key documents that everyone sees , and that set the tone for the whole organization .
They might be everyday things like login screens , or highly visible publications like annual reports .
By finding and changing them , you show everyone that your tone of voice has changed .
Appoint tone guardians To make sure tone of voice is being actively managed , consider appointing a `` tone guardian '' whose job it is to monitor tone of voice day to day .
If it 's everybody 's job to monitor tone of voice , it ends up being nobody 's .
Bear in mind that your change leader or tone guardian does n't have to be a writer — in fact , it might be better if they 're not .
The people who understand the positive effect , and relish the challenge of making it happen , can be more effective because they focus on the business benefits without getting bogged down in whether they like a piece of writing or not .
Build processes If you create a lot of text in your company , you 'll need a robust process for commissioning , editing , approving , and publishing your content , or it will be almost impossible to impose your tone of voice .
Whoever checks or approves text needs to make sure it 's written in the right tone .
If the approval process involves a lot of people commenting or amending , the text may need rechecking to make sure it 's still on tone .
Win over the doubters As with any other type of organizational change , there will be some people who resist your new tone of voice .
For example , people might find a way to avoid training sessions , or attend without really getting involved .
Language is an expression of our own personality , so people can get upset when you ask them to use the brand 's voice instead of their own .
You need to be diplomatic and tactful .
Find and fix your pain points One effective tactic for building commitment is to find your company 's pain points , wherever they are , and focus your efforts there .
Maybe your website badly needs updating , or you 've been using the same lackluster client presentation for too long .
Grab some quick wins Another technique is to identify the documents that have the most measurable effect , and change them .
This helps you achieve `` quick wins '' and make a strong case for the rest of your rollout .
Share success stories If someone has written something outstanding in your tone of voice , share it throughout the company .
Maybe they found a neat way to express a complicated idea , or they dealt with a sensitive situation , or they developed a great advertising slogan .
Whatever it is , it can show people that your new tone of voice is delivering real results , while also giving them another concrete example of how it can work .
To find out more and to learn how to help your company develop its tone of voice , check out Acrolinx 's free eBook , `` Watch Your Tone !
What Your Company 's Tone of Voice Matters and How to Get it Right . ''
Content marketers often pay lip service to the need to understand their customers in order to create great content .
And , increasingly , many of them do n't just talk the talk , they also try to walk the walk by creating customer personas .
Usually taking the form of short descriptions , these personas , as the name implies , are intended to help marketers personify their customers and bring clarity about who they are and what they care about .
Unfortunately , though , in many cases these so-called personas lack depth and as a result just are n't all that useful .
The problem is that most content marketers do n't treat persona development as a rigorous research task .
Instead , they often develop their personas in a vacuum based on their gut feelings about who they think their customers are and what they 're likely to care about .
While these insights may reflect a lot of knowledge and experience , and are certainly an important and useful starting point , unless they 're validated , they 're nothing more than assumptions that may or may not be correct .
Equally problematic is that even if marketers do invest the time to create meaningful personas , they often fail to use them appropriately .
That 's because after going to the trouble of creating the personas , marketers use them as a reference tool less frequently over time .
As a result , those personas wind up having far less of a bearing on the company 's content marketing than they need to .
All of these issues lead to a single result : generic content that 's not particularly effective at cutting through the noise , that does n't resonate with customers , and that does n't help move those customers down the path to purchase .
Thing Are Changing , Do n't Get Left Behind Going forward , this somewhat lackadaisical approach to understanding customers just wo n't be good enough .
Instead , savvy content marketers are already raising the bar by taking the time to truly understand their customers , develop meaningful validated personas , and then fully integrate those personas into their content strategies .
In fact , it wo n't be long until content marketing becomes hyper-focused on ensuring that all aspects of content strategy tie back to specific , well-crafted personas to ensure complete alignment .
The result will be content that 's carefully designed to resonate with specific audiences and strategically delivered to where those exact audiences are most likely to find it .
So what can you do to get ready ?
Below are four tips : Push your customer personas to become the insightful tools they need to be .
Interview or survey your customers and prospects to find out as much as you can about them , including their : Role in their organization Decision-making authority Demographic information Education level Buyer journey Needs and pain points Hobbies and interests Primary sources of information Preferred places to hang out online Preferences regarding types of content and method and frequency of contact Capturing all of this information is important because it can be useful in creating content that 's going to resonate with your target audience .
If a large portion of your audience plays golf , for example , that could influence the imagery and references that you use in your content .
Ensure you have separate customer personas for each of your unique audiences , rather than trying to create a single persona to use across the board .
Most companies have different types of customers ( e.g. , they have different pain points , they represent a different use case , etc . )
and therefore need distinct personas so that they can target each type of customer specifically .
That said , start small by focusing on just the two or three personas that matter most to your business rather than trying to tackle them all at once .
Create a content matrix that maps all of your existing and future content not just to customer personas , but also to specific stages within the customer journey that each of those personas goes through .
Doing so will help you to create alignment between your content and your target audience , thus putting some rigor behind your content strategy .
For tips on how to create a content matrix , check out this post .
Target your distribution strategies to be relevant to your personas and the stages of the customer journey they are in .
For example , you 're not going to rely on people finding your late-stage content via search when they 're already deep in your sales funnel and hopefully receiving your content directly .
Conversely , content that 's intended to raise awareness needs to be optimized for search to facilitate its natural discovery .
The reality is that in content marketing , you have got to take the time to find out the right information about your target audience .
While you may have been able to get by with assumptions in the past , going forward successful content marketing will hinge on the quality of your customer personas and your ability to align those personas to your overall strategy .
How rigorous are your customer personas and what steps did you take to create them ?
Share your experiences in the comments section below .
Editor 's Note : This is the fourth post in a series about tone of voice .
You can read our previous posts about what tone of voice is and why it matters , and how to develop your tone of voice using your brand values and how to go beyond brand values .
Once you have defined your company 's tone of voice , the challenge becomes figuring out how to bring it to life in your content .
For example , how do you give your content a formal tone versus an informal one , or an inspirational tone versus a practical one ?
In this post , we 'll take a look at the different elements of writing that you need to consider when implementing your tone of voice .
By adjusting the factors outlined below , you will be able to create whatever type of tone you 're after .
Word length As children , we learn shorter words first , longer ones later .
So if you want to be clearly understood by readers of all reading levels , use shorter words .
In terms of tone , short words are simple and direct , while longer ones suggest sophistication and nuance .
Shorter words tend to be punchier and harder , while longer words can give a softer , more relaxed effect .
Sentence length Shorter sentences give a concise style , while longer ones are more sedate .
A good guide is that you should be able to read any whole sentence out loud in a single breath .
Tempo Using shorter average sentence length is good , but the key word is average .
To keep readers interested , vary the length of sentences and paragraphs to give an organic , varied rhythm with its own ebbs and flows .
Pronouns Pronouns are words that stand in place of the names of people or things .
Your choice of pronouns can have a big effect on your tone .
For example , when writing about your company , you can use the first person ( `` we '' ) or the third person ( `` Acme Corp '' ) .
The first person is more immediate , positioning yourself as a group of people , while the third person is much more detached and abstract , with less clarity as to who is speaking .
Conciseness Conciseness is the ratio of ideas to words .
The fewer words you use to convey an idea , the more concise you are .
On a practical level , more concise is better .
Getting to the point saves time and therefore money .
But if you want to adopt a more flowing , rambling , or descriptive tone , you 'll need some `` extra '' words to achieve the laid-back feel you 're going for .
Jargon Jargon is specialized language used in particular professional domain such as law , finance , and engineering , among others .
There 's good and bad jargon , just like there 's good and bad cholesterol .
Bad jargon is there to hide the truth and bamboozle people .
Good jargon , on the other hand , signals that you 're part of a community , and saves time too .
Buzzwords Buzzwords are jargon terms that have the attraction of novelty .
Some fields , particularly in the tech industry , generate a lot of buzzwords because they need to name innovations ( e.g. , `` millennials , '' `` big data , '' `` Internet of things , '' etc . ) .
The same caution applies to buzzwords as to jargon : only use them if you know the audience will understand .
Also , remember that today 's hot buzzword is tomorrow 's embarrassing anachronism .
Clichés Clichés are words and phrases that have become worn out through overuse .
In B2B , words such as `` solution , '' `` proactive , '' and `` leverage '' were once new and fresh , but have now become clichéd .
Using clichés will probably make your tone sound stale and dull .
There may be times when you need to meet readers where they are by using a cliché you know they will respond to , but you could pay a high price if you wind up sounding like everyone else .
Contractions Contractions are formed of two words combined into one , such as `` you 're , '' `` do n't , '' or `` it 's . ''
Most people use contractions all the time when they talk , except in the most formal situations .
So using them in writing makes your tone informal , relaxed , and accessible , and gives readers a strong sense of being in a conversation .
Colloquialisms Colloquial language is the language of everyday casual speech — the way we talk when nobody 's watching .
It 's a flexible term , because the definition of casual varies from speaker to speaker , and from culture to culture .
Colloquial language is likely to use contractions ( see above ) and may also include slang , or even profanity .
Obscure words Using obscure or unusual words has a similar effect as using jargon — you 're gambling on whether or not the audience will understand what you 're saying .
However , you might want to drop one in from time to time to suggest refinement or a certain type of heritage .
If so , try to make it clear from context what the obscure word means .
For example , UK cake brand Mr Kipling uses the slogan `` Exceedingly good cakes . ''
Since it 's obvious that `` exceedingly '' means `` very , '' anyone can understand the slogan .
Mistakes and rule-breaking Technical problems that can creep into your writing include easily confused words ( e.g. , `` peek one 's interest '' instead of `` pique one 's interest '' ) , misspellings , and grammar errors .
Most people would agree that using the wrong word , or spelling the right word incorrectly , is undesirable in business writing .
Unless it 's part of a deliberate creative strategy ( `` Beanz Meanz Heinz '' ) , a mistake can only harm your chances of communicating well .
Bringing your company 's tone of voice to life is simply a matter of adjusting factors like these in your content to achieve the desired effect .
The challenge for large organizations is figuring out how to do so at scale .
To find out more and to learn how to help your company develop its tone of voice , check out Acrolinx 's free eBook , `` Watch Your Tone !
What Your Company 's Tone of Voice Matters and How to Get it Right . ''
Here at Acrolinx we 're very excited to be hosting Content Connections , our annual virtual conference , on November 3-5 .
With thousands of content professionals already registered for sessions in North America ( November 3 ) and Europe ( November 4,5 ) , this free , one-day event is all about making connections .
You 'll find out how to use content to connect with your target audience .
You 'll learn why connecting with all of the content creators in your organization is critical for speaking with one voice .
Plus , you 'll get the chance to connect with some of the biggest brands and thought leaders in the business .
It 's going to be a fantastic conference - but do n't just take my word for it .
Below are the top 10 reasons why you just ca n't afford to miss Content Connections .
1 ) Enjoy World Class Speakers : Pulizzi , Handley , Davis , Kessler , and More We know that you want to hear from the brightest thought leaders in content .
That 's why this year we 're bringing you some of the biggest names in the industry .
I 'm talking about people like the Content Marketing Institute 's very own Joe Pulizzi , and MarketingProfs Chief Content Officer Ann Handley .
And , with Andrew Davis , Doug Kessler , Scott Abel and Val Swisher , rounding out our lineup , we 've got some of the world 's leading experts ready to share their insights with you .
2 ) Learn Best Practices from Some of the Biggest Brands in the Business Think that top brands like HubSpot , Facebook , IBM , and Moody 's Analytics know a thing or two about content ?
You bet they do , which is why they and others are going to be on hand to share their experiences and insights with you .
3 ) Get Practical Tips on How to Create Better Content We all know how important it is to create great content .
But that 's often easier said than done , especially at scale .
Fortunately , you 'll hear from a variety of experts about how to create and optimize your content so that it works just as hard as you do to cut through the noise and drive positive business outcomes .
4 ) Overcome One of the Greatest Challenges of Creating Global Content : Localization If you 're responsible for creating content on a global scale , then you know how difficult translation and localization can be .
Working with vendors is stressful because it does n't always yield good , consistent results .
The good news is that it does n't have to be that way .
We 'll share all of the tips you need to successfully manage your localization vendors so that you get great results every time .
5 ) Learn Advanced Tips and Tricks for Using Acrolinx Acrolinx is a powerful tool , but are you using all of its capabilities as efficiently and effectively as you could be ?
We 've got a team of our own in-house experts on hand ready to provide all of the practical how-to advice you need to get the most out of every time you use our content optimization platform .
6 ) Discover How to Increase Your Content Velocity with Agile Practices We all know that content creation can be a slow process , but it does n't have to be .
Learn from a panel of industry veterans to find out how they 're applying agile practices to content creation to ensure that they 're able to keep up with the growing demands of their business .
7 ) Find Out How One of the Largest Companies in the World Does Content Marketing Everyone has heard of IBM , but not everyone can tell you how such a massive , successful company does its content marketing .
Fortunately , we 've got Steve Wright , IBM 's Vice President of Digital Enterprise and Business Analytics , standing by and ready to open the kimono to reveal some of IBM 's content marketing best practices .
8 ) Get Content Marketing Insights from the Godfather of Content Marketing Himself That 's right , we 've got Joe Pulizzi as a featured speaker .
During his keynote , Joe is going to reveal five essentials that anyone doing content marketing for business needs to know .
From creating goals and missions statements to leveraging influencers and partnerships , you 'll learn the secrets to epic content marketing .
9 ) Get a Handle on Some of the the Most Complex Challenges Facing Content Marketers Did you know that content marketing is full of controversy ?
We 'll be looking at five of the greatest content controversies that content marketers deal with on a daily basis , unpacking them , and examining what they mean for you and your business .
10 ) It 's Free , it 's Virtual , and it Could n't Be Easier How many conferences as good as this one do n't cost you a cent ?
Plus , since it 's virtual , all you have to do is switch on your computer and join in from wherever in the world you happen to be .
Jump in and out of the sessions that you want to hear most all day .
And , as if that were n't enough , we 've also got some amazing free giveaways that we 're raffling off to attendees , including a couple of brand new Apple Watches !
On the road with a team of content experts !
This article originally appeared on sdl.com SDL is co-sponsoring with Acrolinx an executive roundtable forum entitled `` Content Strategy 2016 . ''
We started last week with San Francisco and Seattle , and in coming weeks we will move on to Houston , Chicago , Boston , Atlanta and New York City .
I was on the panel with Acrolinx CEO Andrew Bredenkamp , Content Wrangler Scott Abel , and in Seattle we were joined by Content Rules CEO Val Swisher .
The audience was a mix of marketing , tech comms and globalization leaders .
`` Unify , Accelerate , Globalize '' The main panel theme was `` Unify , Accelerate , Globalize '' which are powerful mandates for creating , managing , and distributing your company 's content .
At the end of the session , we touched on a topic that has been a challenge for globalization leaders as long as I have been in the business : what markets to prioritize , what languages to support , in what order , with what portion of your content .
I explained it like this : imagine a triangle .
One point of that triangle is retrospective data .
Traditionally globalization teams have used rear-view mirror data such as past years ' revenue , customer support cases , feature requests and other information from finance and marketing colleagues , or general statistics such as country online populations and regulations requiring globalization .
When I started in globalization in the late 90s , these were the primary data points available… if it was n't a deal-driven situation .
( Actually , that was one of the most common scenarios : `` We need to be in Swedish to get this deal – make it so ! '' )
Then when the web revolution happened in the early 2000s , the second point of the triangle came in to play : real-time analytics for web and content .
Teams that were localizing web sites and web content were now able to measure the number and provenance of visitors , views , time spent , etc , to provide a more real-time approach for gauging international demand and spotting important emerging markets .
SDL 's own structured content technology includes analytics capabilities that tell you which items are being accessed the most .
And with the advent of content optimization tools such as Acrolinx , tech comms and marketing managers were for the first time able to automatically analyze content quality as it was being created , to gauge suitability for target markets and audiences .
The third point of the triangle has surfaced over this past decade : `` big data '' .
Now prospective buyers are not only doing their research on the web , they are talking amongst each other on social networks and community sites to exchange views on product brand , reputation , reliability , performance , etc .
With tools such as SDL Customer Journey Analytics , content and message strategy can be guided by scooping up vast quantities of relevant social data , which is then automatically scored on factors such as propensity to buy .
This lets marketers understand the lay of the land internationally before global investments are made .
They can know how people feel about competitors , about the product category , about unsatisfied demand and other factors .
Language tools and cultural expertise are important in interpreting this data , and that is another layer SDL adds to `` social intelligence '' .
Taking your website Global or adding new languages ?
All three of the triangle points are important .
It 's still great to have retrospective data points , as well as real-time analytics .
But adding big data on top of this provides a measure of confidence we did n't have before .
Whether you 're deciding to take your website global for the first time or add new languages , localize products , or invest in global support staff , making decisions that are founded on all three of the triangle points combined is a sound process that will help you manage risk and target the right markets at the right time .
For more information about developing your international business strategy , download our eBook : Are You Speaking The Right Export Language .
Main image : Joe the Goat Farmer About Jessica Roland Jessica Roland serves as Director of Strategic Accounts at SDL .
She has 15+ years of globalization experience , both in the enterprise software world with Documentum/EMC and with top web companies like Yahoo !
and Glassdoor , leading global teams in international product development and evangelizing global innovation internally and with customers .
As part of our ongoing Content Strategy 2016 world tour , we 've been hosting executive roundtable forums around the globe .
At each one , we bring industry experts together to talk about a variety of content marketing issues .
At the recent forum in San Francisco , for example , Scott Abel ( aka the Content Wrangler ) , SDL 's Jessica Roland , and our very own Andrew Bredenkamp and Steve Rotter , spoke to a large group of marketing executives about the importance of unifying your content marketing efforts .
The discussion kicked off with Steve highlighting an important change in content marketing by comparing the results of the Content Marketing Institute 's 2014 and 2015 `` Content Marketing Budgets , Benchmarks and Trends , '' reports .
When asked what their greatest challenge was in 2014 , 64 percent of content marketers said it was producing enough content .
Yet just a year later , that response was n't even among content marketers ' top three challenges .
Instead , in 2015 their greatest obstacle was creating engaging content , followed closely by creating consistent content ( cited by 54 percent and 50 percent of respondents , respectively ) .
What those numbers show is that over the course of a year , content marketers figured out how to ramp up their content creation efforts , but sacrificed its quality and overall effectiveness in the process .
For Andrew , this shift in priorities is a sign that the industry is maturing .
Whereas in the past content marketers ' goals were typically tied to content creation metrics ( e.g. , how many pieces of content they can create in a given week or month ) , today they 're more sophisticated than that .
Rather than focusing on the volume of content they create , they 're increasingly concerned with how effective it is .
Giving People the Content They Want Yet creating consistent , engaging content at scale is n't easy .
To do so , you 've got to first know how to create content that people are actually interested in , which is no small feat itself .
Fundamentally that means taking the time to develop meaningful personas to help you better understand your target audience .
It also means abandoning the traditional sales and marketing mindset of ensuring that every piece of content is always a sales pitch .
Instead , to succeed at content marketing , you 've got to create content that answers peoples ' questions or provides them with information they need .
Scott pointed out how important it is for marketers to adapt to the realities of how consumers search for information .
All of the different kinds of content that were previously controlled by sales are now available online .
You can find product information , FAQs , technical documentation or anything else you need to facilitate your purchasing decision without ever talking to a salesperson .
And , importantly , Google even tends to favor technical content like this over traditional marketing content most companies publish .
Breaking Down Silos to Unify Your Content Marketing To achieve consistency and scale , particularly at large companies with many content creators across lots of different teams and offices , Jessica says you 've got to break down the silos that exist in your organization .
It 's the only way you can unify your content marketing efforts .
That too , however , is easier said than done .
All too often in large organizations , different departments fail to work together to ensure that their content is unified and working toward the same goal .
Instead , they each do their own thing , which can easily lead to inconsistencies and situations where one department 's team is in effect competing with another 's .
The key takeaway from this segment of the forum was that to succeed at content marketing , companies need to be unified .
That means that they 've got to work together to ensure that they 're creating engaging content no matter where in the organization they sit or which department they work in .
Only when creating high-quality content comes first ( rather that simply creating lots of content ) , can companies really engage their customers and help move them down the path to purchase .
I 'd like to ask you to take a minute to indulge a simple request : pretend that you 're a consumer engaging with a brand for the first time .
Are you with me ?
If so , imagine that your initial point of contact with that brand occurs when you happen to stumble upon a particular news item while googling around online .
While not particularly well-written , you 're intrigued by the news to the point that you decide to go to the company 's website to learn more .
Before you know it , you 're happily reading about the company 's products .
Some of that product content reads well and really speaks to you .
But as you read more , you discover that other bits of the company 's product content do n't .
Maybe not immediately , but after a while the company starts to feel disjointed to you because of its inconsistent content .
Not only do some pages contain errors while others do n't , it 's as if the company has several distinct voices or personalities .
In fact , you get the impression that the company you 're dealing with consists of many separate entities that are n't coordinated or working together .
While not a deal-breaker , it 's an early warning sign that the company you 're dealing with may not be very polished or professional .
Reading some of the company 's Q & As and other support content only further supports your theory — it 's not nearly as good as some of the product content you just read .
Once again you find yourself questioning if you really want to do business with this company when you have other choices .
After all , if you 're not getting a consistent experience on their website , who knows what other inconsistencies you 'll experience if you choose to make a purchase from them .
Ok , enough pretending ; let 's talk about the facts .
The fact is that for an increasing number of customers , content inconsistency is a red flag that signals there could be a potential problem .
At a time when they expect great customer experiences , and for those experiences to be consistent across the board , even seemingly small details like these can play a pivotal role in purchasing decisions .
That 's because in a world full of choices , why would anyone accept a bad customer experience if a better one may just be a few clicks away ?
Trust me , this is something I know a fair bit about .
Here at Acrolinx we recently conducted a whole bunch of research about content consistency .
For the purposes of this blog post , let me point out a few of the key take-aways that came out of that report .
For starters , you 've got to appreciate that content consistency matters .
Here 's why : Content plays a huge role in shaping customer experiences and customers generally want those experiences to be consistent .
According to Forrester research , for example , having a consistent experience across all brand touch points is a key driver of brand trust .
Further making the point is a recent study by McKinsey & Company of 27,000 American consumers .
Among the findings were that a consistent customer experience across the entire customer journey increases customer satisfaction , builds trust , and boosts loyalty .
So if you accept that having consistent content is important , you may be as surprised as we were to discover just how few companies actually have it .
As part of our research we looked at the content of 170 global brands .
Of them , less than one-fifth had consistent , high-quality content — the kind that helps them create better customer experiences , which in turn builds trust , credibility , and a great reputation .
Everyone else either had inconsistent content , low-quality content , or worst of all both .
That 's a big problem for those companies because it can confuse their customers , giving them the impression that they 're being sold to by lots of different people rather than one unified organization .
That in turn can damage their brand .
If you want to know more about content consistency and its role in shaping customer experiences , check out our recent report , `` The Global Content Impact Index : Measuring How Consistent the World 's Leading Brands Are With Their Content . ''
Here at Acrolinx we recently published the second installment of our Global Content Impact Index ( if you missed the first report published earlier this year , you can access it here ) .
In this latest edition , we looked at how consistent the world 's leading brands are with their content .
Using Acrolinx 's linguistic analytics engine , we examined the websites of 170 different global brands , studying the variance in quality between the different types of content they produce .
Specifically , we wanted to measure the extent to which content quality can vary within individual companies .
That 's because while maintaining a consistently high level of content quality that 's not only grammatically accurate and has a unified voice , style , and tone is difficult to achieve at scale , it 's essential for building and maintaining a successful brand .
To determine consistency , we used the Acrolinx platform to score the unique sections of each of those 170 companies ' websites , including their blog , about us , news , product , and support content .
Next we calculated the variance between the highest and lowest scoring sections within each company , which we used as a measure of how consistent their content either was or was n't .
Based on our research and experience , we quickly determined that companies with a variance of seven points or less have content that 's sufficiently consistent to help them build their brand .
On the other hand , companies with a variance of greater than seven points start to suffer as a result of that inconsistency .
At a very high level , the diagram below illustrates the results of that analysis : Essentially what we found is that less than half of the companies we sampled are creating consistent content , and of those that do only 19 percent are creating consistently high-quality content .
Every other company 's content is either inconsistent , not very good , or worst of all both .
That 's a problem , particularly when it comes to creating positive customer experiences .
Why does content consistency matter ?
Content consistency is important for a number of reasons .
When the quality of your content is n't consistent , it can confuse your customers , giving them the impression that they 're being sold to by lots of different people rather than one unified company .
That in turn can damage your brand .
Conversely , when your content is consistently good , it helps create better customer experiences , which in turn builds trust , credibility , and a great reputation .
Some recent research from McKinsey & Company helps make the point .
As the graphic below shows , there 's a very high level of correlation between customer satisfaction and having a consistent customer journey experience .
While this particular research is specific to the banking industry , we believe that there are similar correlations in virtually every industry .
Want to find out more ?
Download the report I 've only scratched the surface in this post in terms of highlighting some of the findings that came out of our recent research .
For large companies that have a lot of people creating content across different departments , offices , and geographies , our findings will be particularly eye opening .
We were certainly surprised to see just how much content quality can vary — even at highly regarded brands .
If you 're interested in learning more about content consistency and want to see the full results of our research , I 'd strongly encourage you to check out our new report , `` Global Content Impact Index : Measuring How Consistent the World 's Leading Brands Are With Their Content '' .
And stay tuned for the next report in this series , set to come out later this year
It 's almost that time of year again : Content Marketing World 2015 is coming up on September 8-11 .
Here at Acrolinx , we 're looking forward to making the annual pilgrimage to Cleveland so that we can be part of the biggest content marketing conference on the planet .
It 's a great event and one that you should definitely check out if you have n't before ( by the way , you can still register for it by clicking here ) .
In addition to sponsoring a booth again this year , which we hope you 'll stop by and check out , our very own Andrew Bredenkamp ( Acrolinx 's founder and CEO ) is going to be speaking .
In fact , he 's partnering up with IBM 's VP of Digital Enterprise and Business Analytics , Steve Wright , to co-present what promises to be a very interesting session called `` Massive Scale : How One of the Biggest Companies in the World Does Content Marketing . ''
During the session Andrew and Steve are going to talk about what it 's like to do content marketing at a gigantic organization like IBM .
To give you a sense of the scale of their operations , just consider that they have over 4,000 products and services , with 40,000 content creators across 170 countries .
While certainly not the focus of the presentation , I should mention that IBM is one of our biggest clients , with thousands of content creators around the world using our platform .
If you 're interested in checking out the session , it 's going to be held on September 10 from 11:00 to 11:45 am as part of the Intelligent Content stream .
It promises to offer some great insights to anyone trying to do content marketing at scale .
As always , we 're looking forward to meeting as many people at the conference as possible , so if you see our booth , stop by and say hello .
We 'd love to hear about the challenges that you 're facing in your organization , and to tell you a bit more about Acrolinx and what our content optimization platform can do .
We 're also excited to see this year 's outstanding line up of speakers , including our friends Ann Handley , Scott Abel , and Andrew Davis as well as many other content marketing leaders who we look forward to meeting and learning from .
We 'll see you in Cleveland very soon !
If you 're a content marketer and you 're trying to scale your content marketing program , one of the biggest decisions you have to make is figuring out how to produce all of the high-quality content you need .
You 've really got two main options , both of which have pros and cons .
You can either create your content in house or outsource that task to a third-party .
Fortunately , you do n't have to choose one option to the exclusion of the other and , in fact , are probably better off doing a bit of both .
Let 's take a look at the ups and downs of each option to find out why .
Creating Your Content In House At a time when it 's easy to make the case that everyone works for marketing , outsourcing your content creation may seem unnecessary .
After all , why spend your precious budget dollars when you can turn to your peers across marketing — and your organization for that matter — to help with your content creation efforts .
The reality is that since everyone in your company is in some way responsible for trying to engage customers and deliver a great customer experience , you 've got leverage to co-opt them and engage them as content creators to fuel your program .
Not only that , as employees they 're as close to your business as can be and are therefore positioned better than anyone else to create content that 's true to your company 's tone of voice , that engages your customers , and that provides unique value .
It 's a great plan , at least in theory .
In practice , however , relying on your colleagues for content can be much more challenging .
The reality is that most people are n't good writers — that includes your peers on the marketing team — so getting them to create content for you that you can actually publish can be problematic .
With the proper training and guidance , however , this is a hurdle that you can overcome .
Still , it 's a significant barrier and one that could easily make scaling your content marketing program a lot more difficult .
Complicating matters further , even if you have the good fortune to have lots of great writers throughout your organization , there 's another challenge .
Creating all of your content in-house can , over time , result in it becoming quite insular and stale .
That 's hardly a formula for content that stands out and drives conversions .
Outsourcing Content Creation to a Third-Party That brings us to the alternative , which is outsourcing your content to a third party , such as a freelance writer or an agency .
Paying someone else to create your content can be a great way to both lighten your load and ensure that you get the outside perspective you need to keep your content fresh .
Yet if you think that outsourcing your content creation means that you can absolve yourself of all of the responsibility and still get a great outcome , you 're mistaken .
On the contrary , these kinds of arrangements only work well when you partner closely with your vendor to ensure a successful outcome .
And there 's a learning curve to overcome here too .
Your vendor will be new to your company and perhaps even your industry .
As such , they 'll need time to get up to speed before they are able to start creating content that really resonates with your audience .
Plus , if someone else is creating all of your content , unless you 're carefully editing everything they write , you 're at risk of having your content be off brand .
The reality is that no third-party can represent your company , its tone of voice , and its brand better than you .
Striking a Balance Yields the Best Results So where does all of this leave us ?
If you 're looking to scale your content marketing program , you 'll likely find that you get the best results when you do a combination of in-house and outsourced content creation .
The key is to strike the right balance and that will take some experimentation .
In the meantime , cultivate the resources you have at your disposal , both in-house and external , so that they 're ready to hit the ground running when you need them .
There are three main ways to develop your capabilities as a writer .
The first is to get lots of practice .
You can get into the habit of writing on a regular basis and seeking out feedback so that you gradually improve over time .
Another thing that you can do is devote time to reading , so that you absorb other writers ' style , creativity , and techniques , with a view to incorporating various aspects of that into your own content .
Last , but not least , you can approach writing as though you were a student and study up using some of the great resources available online .
While the best writers no doubt use all three techniques , in this post our goal is to help you with that third tactic specifically .
To do so , we 're pointing you to some of the best compilations of resources for writers that we know .
50 Free Resources that Will Improve Your Writing Skills Smashing Magazine has put together a great compilation of writing resources that are arranged thematically into seven categories : grammar and punctuation , common mistakes and problems , general writing skills , practical guides to better writing skills , copywriting blogs , tools , and other resources .
Not only are most of the resources they 've identified quite good ( and still relevant six years after publishing this post ) , they 've made it very easy to navigate to exactly whatever will be most helpful to you based on your specific needs .
This is a great set of resources for anyone looking to improve the mechanics of their writing .
The Best Resources for Writers What we like about the resources that Lifehacker has gathered is that they crowdsourced them from actual writers ( in fact , you can still add your own suggestions ) .
As a result , they have compiled a rich array of interesting books , videos , and tutorials that you might not otherwise normally come across in your travels .
While not as nicely organized as some resource lists , this one has some real gems so it 's worth picking through it .
The Harvard College Writing Center Harvard 's writing center has a number of useful resources that you may want to check out .
While clearly very academic in nature ( and at times Harvard-centric ) , the site still offers plenty of valuable advice that you can adapt to any kind of writing .
We 've found the section on strategies for writing essays particularly helpful ( and relatable to writing any piece of content where you 're trying to persuade your audience ) .
Plus , should you ever need to write for an academic audience or about a particular academic discipline , this is definitely the place to come .
48 Content Writing Examples , Tools , Tips , and Resources In this guest post for the Content Marketing Institute , author Mike Murray provides an array of real-life examples of compelling content and then offers tips on how to write like a content marketer .
We like this post because it moves past the mechanics of good writing and into how to create content that 's effective for marketing .
Plus , since it 's jam packed with dynamic examples , it 's an enjoyable read that you can easily apply to your own work .
150 Resources to Help You Write Better , Faster , and More Persuasively The Open Education Database has put together a vast list of resources aimed at making writers ' lives easier .
This is certainly the most comprehensive collection of resources we 've found and , like Smashing Magazine 's , it 's well organized and easy to navigate .
Here you 'll find links to sites with information for all kinds of writers as well as practical resources on everything from grammar and citations to writing services and software , professional organizations , and business and legal matters .
The site goes deep , so if you 're after something very specific , this may be a great place to look .
We hope that you find these resources useful .
Like anything , you need to comb through them and identify what 's most relevant for you and your needs .
That said , we 're impressed with the caliber of all of this content and are confident that if you 're looking for writing resources , this is an excellent place to start !
We recently had the opportunity to run a webinar with Deborah Bosley .
Deborah is the owner and principal of The Plain Language Group , a consulting and strategy firm based out of the Southeastern United States .
For more than 20 years , Deborah has worked with some of the largest companies in the world , helping them figure out how to make plain language part of their content strategies .
The Q & A that follows is adapted from her presentation .
Acrolinx Team : Deborah , you do a lot of work around communication .
What in your view is the key to good communication ?
Deborah Bosley : A few things come to mind .
For example , I always encourage my clients to `` communicate unto others as they would communicate unto themselves . ''
What I mean is that when you 're describing something to your target audience , you should always do so in the same way that you would imagine them describing it to their friends .
That often means not talking to them like they 're subject matter experts , but rather using language that 's plain , direct , and succinct .
Beyond that , I think it 's always a good idea to make sure that you 're using your communications to answer your customers ' questions .
It 's also important to make sure that you get to the point quickly ( which goes back to being succinct ) .
In my view the best way to make sure that happens is by communicating the information that your audience actually needs to know , rather than everything on top of that that you think they do .
AT : You mentioned plain language .
What do you mean by that ?
DB : Plain language is the use of proven writing and design strategies that make it easy for your intended audience to find , understand , and use information .
You 'll notice that I mentioned the word design in my definition .
That 's because plain language is about more than just the words that you use .
It 's also about how easy your content is to navigate visually .
Another way to think about plain language is finding ways to communicate information so that it 's clear , concise , and credible .
AT : So why is plain language important to content strategy ?
DB : There are lots of reasons .
For example , depending on the industry that you 're working in , being able to meet compliance requirements is significant and you need plain language to do that effectively .
It 's also a way to emphasize your branding , to make your company 's values clear , and to better manage risk by ensuring that people understand you .
Plus , I 'd add that using plain language can help you increase customer satisfaction and that it can help you improve your overall bottom line .
AT : What tips can you offer to help people ensure that they 're using plain language effectively ?
DB : There are lots of tips , but here are six of the most important : Always keep your sentences short so that people can easily understand them .
That means using no more than 25 words in a sentence , though it 's even better when your sentences contain just 15-18 words each .
Likewise , make sure that your paragraphs are also nice and short .
In most cases , paragraphs should consist of no more than three to five ( short ) sentences .
Use three to five headings per page to help make your content easier to scan and navigate .
Headings will help your customers find the specific information they 're after faster .
Whenever possible , lay your content out into columns because it 's easier for people to read text that way .
Aim to write at an eighth grade level to ensure that everyone understands you .
Last but not least , remember that design is every bit as important as language .
AT : What impact can using plain language strategies have on a business ?
DB : Let me give you a real-life example .
I recently worked with the financial services provider TIAA-CREF .
They had sent out a letter to their clients that was just hard to understand .
As a result , 10,000 of their customers called them over the following week looking for clarification .
So we subsequently reworked the letter with plain language in mind and got a much better result .
In fact , feedback about the revised letter was 95 percent positive and it ultimately resulted in millions of dollars flowing into the company .
AT : Thanks so much for taking the time to talk with us today , Deborah .
Most content marketers know that they need to measure what they 're doing to be able to demonstrate ROI effectively .
But that does n't mean that it 's easy or that it 's something that they do as often as they should .
In fact , according to a recent survey by Altimeter Group , 67 percent of marketers identified measurement as the top area that they need to invest in this year .
That 's just one of many data points that illustrate the growing importance of not only measuring your content performance , but also knowing how to do so properly .
With that in mind , we 've scoured the Web for the best resources that explain how to measure content performance .
Some are for novices while others are aimed at more advanced audiences , but they all provide useful insights .
Below we have curated what we believe to be some of the best advice available today .
It 's all recent ( about no more than a year old ) , well written and argued , and from authoritative sources that we trust .
1 ) The Fundamentals of Tracking : CMI 's Back to Basics Blog Series Last year , the Content Marketing Institute 's marketing director Cathy McPhillips wrote `` A Simple Plan for Measuring the Marketing Effectiveness of Content '' as part of a broader back to basics series on content marketing .
Rather than offer detailed advice on what specific metrics to track , this post provides operational guidance on how to go about measuring content performance .
For example , it provides a templated spreadsheet that you can use to start tracking metrics .
That , plus the great advice the article shares makes this post a nice primer on how to get started measuring the effectiveness of your content .
2 ) The 411 on Metrics : Jeff Bullas ' Blog Tells You Which Ones Matter Most In a guest post on Jeff Bullas ' wildly popular blog , Aaron Agius shares `` 17 Key Content Marketing Metrics to Start Tracking Today . ''
In it , Agius explains what each metric means and why of all of the different potential metrics out there , these are the most important ones for measuring content performance .
As such , this is a great foundational post for anyone looking for a quick overview of content marketing metrics .
3 ) The 2 Steps to Showing ROI : HubSpot 's Blog Post on Benchmarking In a guest post for HubSpot entitled `` How to Create a Benchmark to Measure Content Marketing ROI , '' Eric Murphy shares a two-step plan for establishing a baseline for evaluating content effectiveness .
Murphy refers to Jay Baer 's field guide to content to content marketing metrics ( another good resource that 's worth a look ) , but takes things a step further by explaining how to map those metrics to the sales funnel .
That 's a critical step for demonstrating ROI in terms that everyone in your organization can understand .
4 ) Dun & Bradstreet Hones in on Brand Awareness , Thought Leadership and Engagement In `` 6 Ways to Measure B2B Content Marketing Performance '' author Derek Edmond outlines how to demonstrate B2B content marketing performance in terms of brand awareness , thought leadership , and engagement .
Edmond 's post is probably the most analytical of the resources featured here .
It describes how to use a variety of tools like Google and Bing Webmaster Tools , as well as how to best use social media results to benchmark content performance .
5 ) The Mother of All Resources : Altimeter Group 's Best Practices Guide Authors Susan Etlinger and Rebecca Lieb have put together a formative resource with their `` Content Marketing Performance : A Framework to Measure Real Business Impact . ''
The report `` lays out a framework for measuring the impact of content across the business , and includes a set of case studies and recommended metrics to enable content strategists to approach measurement at the outset , rather than at the conclusion , of their content development initiatives . ''
At 30 pages , we like the level of detail that the document provides and appreciate its case study-based approach .
This is a great resource for anyone looking for different ways to measure content performance that you can tie back to your company 's bottom line .
We hope that you find these resources helpful .
If there are others that you like , please point us to them in the comments section below .
Earlier this year we published a 60-page comprehensive guide on tone of voice called `` Watch Your Tone !
Why Your Company 's Tone of Voice Matters , and How to Get It Right . ''
While thousands of people have downloaded it so far , we realize that not everyone has the time to go through that big of a document .
That 's why this week we 're coming to the rescue with a collection of four new SlideShares that convey the main takeaways of the eBook in easy-to-consume , bite-sized chunks .
And the best part is that you can go through and absorb all of this content in less than 10 minutes .
We kick off our series of SlideShares with a presentation , called `` Why Your Company 's Tone Could Make or Break Your Business , '' that succinctly outlines what tone of voice is and why getting it right is so important for your business .
The presentation describes why all of the content that your company produces needs to have a consistent tone of voice , and what the benefits are of doing so .
Next , we move on to our second SlideShare , which is entitled `` How to Use Your Company 's Brand Values to Nail Your Tone of Voice . ''
This presentation describes the different approaches that you can take to develop your tone of voice .
Importantly , each of those approaches has to tie back to the values that define your company 's brand .
The presentation also offers some pro tips for choosing just the right values to truly reflect what your company ( and its tone ) is all about .
From there , we move on to `` The 12 Aspects of Language that Shape Your Tone of Voice , '' a short presentation that describes how you can use language in different ways to create different tones of voice .
By altering your use of sentence length , colloquialisms , and jargon , for example , you can create vastly different effects that can make your writing more or less formal , inviting , and warm .
Last , but not least , the series concludes with `` How to Roll Out Your Company 's New Tone of Voice , '' which offers practical advice for how to ensure that your new tone of voice gets adopted throughout your organization .
One of the keys to ensuring that happens , the presentation explains , is by developing a clear guide for people to follow .
Doing so , along with offering the necessary training and support , will go a long way toward making your new tone of voice part of your company 's DNA .
We hope that you enjoy these SlideShare presentations on tone of voice .
Should you ever want to learn a lot more about tone of voice , you can either download our full eBook or get in contact with us .
Happy reading !
Here at Acrolinx , we recently had the opportunity to host one of our fast track webinars with Gretyl Kinsey , a technical consultant at Scriptorium Publishing .
In her role at the North Carolina based content strategy consultancy , Gretyl has worked on developing and implementing content strategies for dozens of companies across a variety of industries .
In our webinar , she shared some of her key learnings from those experiences , focusing on why having a content strategy is so important for any company facing challenges around localization , scalability , and consistency .
After the webinar , Gretyl sat down with us to talk about some of the key points from her fantastic presentation , which we have captured below .
Acrolinx Team : Thanks for taking the time to talk with us , Gretyl .
Let 's start at the very beginning with what your definition of a content strategy is .
Gretyl Kinsey : Sure .
To me , a content strategy is a plan that you make for how to handle your content creation processes .
That plan can apply to any kind of content your company produces — technical content , marketing content , sales content , you name it — and should be designed to solve your content problems , improve efficiency , and help your business 's bottom line .
AT : Ok , so what do you see as the key to getting a content strategy right ?
GK : I 'd say there are two main points to keep in mind .
First , your strategy needs to be tailored to your company 's specific goals and needs .
In other words , it 's important to remember that just because you see another company doing something that seems to get results , do n't automatically assume that you should simply follow their lead .
It does n't work that way because there 's no one-size-fits-all approach to content .
The other point I 'd stress is that good content strategies solve the issues that you 're facing right now .
Great strategies , however , take a longer-term view and help you ensure that you 're prepared for the future .
AT : How can having a content strategy help companies that are having a tough time localizing their content ?
GK : Localization can definitely be a challenging , time-consuming , and expensive undertaking .
Having a good content strategy will help companies confront those issues by forcing them to plan ahead so that they avoid the pitfalls that can often make localization so difficult .
For example , you can plan ahead to ensure that you 're using terminology consistently across your content , that you 're avoiding jargon and colloquialisms , and that you 're being culturally aware and sensitive .
Simply having a plan for all of that will go a long way toward saving you and your translators a lot of time and energy .
AT : In your presentation you went on to say that localization often goes hand in hand with scalability .
How so ?
GK : I 've worked with lots of fast-growing companies whose content teams find themselves under the gun as they scale .
They may suddenly find themselves with more employees in more locations or with more products to sell and more releases .
Or maybe they have more localization requirements or simply more requests for content in more formats .
That 's fine if their content creation processes can keep up with the demand , but if they ca n't , it 's usually a sure sign that they need a content strategy .
And , just like with localization , the key to being able to scale successfully is having a strategy that help you to always plan ahead .
AT : And where does consistency fit into the equation ?
GK : Having inconsistent content can be a huge problem , and one that can make localizing your content and scaling your content creation processes a lot more difficult .
It 's important to ensure that your content is consistent in terms of language , style , structure , presentation , and branding .
When it is , it really helps make your content all the more effective .
When it 's not , it 's confusing for the end user , makes translation more difficult , and can bring your attempts to scale your content machine to a halt .
While making sure that your content is consistent seems obvious and relatively easy , it 's often overlooked .
Unfortunately , that just leads to more problems down the road when it comes time to make changes to your content or scale up your efforts .
AT : What advice do you offer your clients to help them ensure that they keep their content consistent ?
GK : I tell them they 've got two choices .
They first is to create a really comprehensive style guide that defines things like what style their writers should be using , how their content needs to be structured , and which terms are and are n't acceptable .
But for that option to work , they 've actually got to enforce its use and make sure that every piece of content is being reviewed against the guide .
That 's a lot easier said than done .
The second option is to automate that whole process by using a content optimization platform that enforces style guidelines so that writers do n't have any choice but to adhere to the company 's standard .
AT : And what 's the payoff of having a content strategy that allows you to more easily localize your content , scale your content creation processes , and ensure that your content is consistent ?
GK : I think it 's as simple as this : By putting some upfront time and money into making sure that your entire operation is running smoothly and that you 've thought ahead about how to handle things , you 'll have a lot easier time further down the track when it comes time to adapt to whatever may come your way .
That , in my view , is worth its weight in gold .
AT : Thanks so much for taking the time to chat with us , Gretyl !
I recently led a panel discussion about agile content development at the Intelligent Content Conference .
While there , I had the opportunity to talk with Susie Dickson , a content strategist at Facebook and an Acrolinx customer .
Susie has spent her entire career in content , first as a journalist and , since joining Facebook , in a variety of roles including content operations and support content .
When I asked her to describe what Agile means to her , Susie said that it 's how Facebook does product development .
She explained that things move really quickly at the company and that they 're always changing .
In fact , the company 's mantra is to `` move fast and break things . ''
As a result , she and her team have to adapt and move quickly to both create and update content to meet constantly evolving needs .
When I pressed her to explain why being agile was so important for her team , she said that when you work in an engineering-driven culture like the one that she does at Facebook , you 're going to get left behind as a content creator if you 're not able to move quickly .
Not only that , if the content is n't created in real time as products are being developed you wind up with really broken product experiences .
Nobody wants that .
Next I asked her how being agile changes the way that content gets created at Facebook .
Her response was that it means that you ca n't create content in a vacuum .
Instead , you 've got to be part of an overall process and that you 've got to be able to iterate so that you can go back and revise content as much as needed .
To do that successfully at Facebook , content creators like Susie are n't just part of content creation teams .
Instead they 've worked to build strong relationships with the product team and today are actually embedded within those teams .
One of the keys to her success at Facebook has been partnering with the company 's UX research team .
Doing so has allowed her to gather quantitative feedback about how specific pieces of content are performing , whether or not people are interacting with the content , and what results it 's driving .
Of course , it 's not always possible to be agile .
One exception that Susie points out is when working with the company 's legal team .
Trying to work too fast with lawyers can be painful because it 's just means that you wind up having to make too many compromises .
That 's because as Susie puts it , at the end of the day , legal teams always win — you ca n't put a piece of content out without their blessing — so you 're better off slowing things down and working the system at a pace that works well for them .
If you would like to hear for yourself what Susie and our other panelists from great companies like Google , PayPal , Moody 's Analytics and CA Technologies have to say about agile content development , check out this video of our discussion .
At Acrolinx , we know just how important language is .
It 's how people communicate , form connections and , most important of all , share knowledge and ideas .
It 's at the heart of our business and at the core of what we do every day .
We also know that language is the key to making information accessible to everyone , and that to do so effectively , particularly during times of crisis , you 've got to communicate with people in their own language .
Those are just a couple of the reasons why we 're proud supporters of a very important organization called Translators Without Borders .
Founded in 1993 by Lori Thicke and Ros Smith-Thomas , this not-for-profit organization brings together translators from around the world and connects them to non-government organizations ( NGOs ) such as Unicef , UNHCR , ICRC , Oxfam , Action Against Hunger , and Handicap International that are focused on health , nutrition , and education .
So far the organization has translated over 25.5 million words in over 100 languages .
Translators without Borders provides a platform to connect local language speakers with non-profit organizations across the planet .
In crisis situations , this often happens in quickly assembled rapid response community to directly support the crisis response effort and make sure the stricken populations can be heard .
The devastating earthquakes that recently rocked Nepal are an example of the acute need for translation .
As our own Andrew Bredenkamp , who has chaired the board of Translators Without Borders since October 2014 , explains , `` Aid organizations need to communicate with local people in their native language .
In the foothills of Kathmandu and in the surrounding villages , there are many people who do not speak English and it is these people that have been most badly affected by the earthquake .
The TWB translation team is delivering aid by enabling the flow of critical communications in the native languages of Nepali and Newari . ''
Here are just a few examples of some of the work that Translators Without Borders has done in the short time since the earthquakes struck : Translated over 500 terms into Nepali , Newari and Hindi for search and rescue workers and for people monitoring messages coming from the affected populations .
Translated approved and sanctioned Twitter messages , which contain crucial information about first aid and protection during and after an earthquake .
Contributed significantly to search and rescue by translating and categorizing local language messages from the affected population .
Translated and distributed a comprehensive First Aid document from English to Nepali .
Translated and distributed ‘ after earthquake ' messaging and public service announcements from the Centers for Disease Control .
The organization is working on a number of other projects as well .
For example , it 's leading the 100x100 Wikipedia Project , an ambitious endeavour to translate each of the 100 most widely read Wikipedia articles on health and medicine into 100 different languages , making the content accessible to much of the world .
So far , dozens of articles have been translated into a growing number of languages .
Working in partnership with The Open University , Translators Without Borders is also contributing to the Health Education and Training ( HEAT ) project , with the goal of training 250,000 frontline healthcare workers across sub-Saharan Africa by 2016 .
Translators Without Borders is helping by translating the health modules into languages used by the community health workers .
They are currently working on translating half a million words of training materials into Swahili .
We 're very proud to support Translators Without Borders and encourage you to consider getting involved with this important cause .
If you 're interested , there are several ways to help : You can make a donation by clicking here .
You can stay in touch by signing up for their biannual newsletter and monthly updates by clicking here .
If you 're a trained translator , you can volunteer by completing this volunteer form .
Last but not least , you can help promote their work on Twitter by following @ TranslatorsWB and using the hashtag # TranslationMatters .
We hope you 'll consider getting involved .
We recently had the opportunity to sit down with Laurel Counts , the director of technical communications at Moody 's Analytics , a financial services company that provides credit ratings , research , tools , and analysis .
In addition to being an Acrolinx customer , earlier this year Laurel participated in a panel discussion at the Intelligent Content Conference , where she shared some of her ideas about how agile content development works at Moody 's .
As the head of a global team that 's responsible for the documentation of all of Moody 's products , as well as product managing the localization and UI of that documentation , she 's a content development expert who 's well versed in agile .
Below are some highlights from our conversation about her experiences with agile content development at Moody 's .
Acrolinx Team : So tell us , Laurel , what exactly does agile mean to you ?
Laurel Counts : For most people , agile content development is about adapting to the needs of a changing environment and being able to iterate rapidly .
For technical communications , I think it plays out a bit differently .
There 's a tendency to want to fit into agile methodology , but it 's something that was created for product developers by product developers .
Tech comms is a different world .
So , when I think of technical communications and agile , I think of making our documentation nimble , quick , and clever so that we can make changes rapidly and push them out to our clients .
AT : Ok , you alluded to the need for speed more than once .
Why do you think velocity is so important ?
LC : It 's all about time to market and competition .
Moody 's Analytics builds software to help companies address the numerous financial regulations that are issued in both Europe and the United States and demonstrate that they are meeting the requirements those regulations set forth .
New regulations are always coming out and there are numerous other companies that are competing with us to in this space , so we have a very short window of time to act .
For that reason , velocity is critical because we want to get ahead whenever we can .
AT : And how does velocity and being agile change the way that content gets created ?
LC : When I started at Moody 's four years ago , the tech docs team was smaller and pretty isolated .
They were literally just working off in the corner .
Since then , I 've done a lot of work to make them part of the product team part so that they can get the information they need in a timely manner .
That allows them to be more agile and make changes quickly , which is exactly what you need when you 're working in agile development .
On a day-to-day basis , my team is a part of the larger product team 's scrums , standups , and other meetings .
I always encourage my writers to be active voices in those meetings in terms of trying to assess what the product team 's projects mean for them in terms of technical communications .
AT : Do you think your customers have noticed all of this agile content work that you 're doing ?
I think it 's a work in progress .
I do n't think they would have noticed a couple of years ago , but as we move forward and adopt an increasingly agile approach to documentation , I 'm confident that our customers will notice and that they will appreciate what we 're doing .
Neil Patel recently wrote a great blog post for the Content Marketing Institute called `` How Google Judges Quality and What You Should Do About It . ''
It 's a fantastic piece and , if you have n't seen it yet , we strongly recommend that you check it out .
In it , Neil explains that one of the reasons why content quality matters so much is because it 's critical to getting good search results .
He makes the argument that one of the most important reasons why content quality matters is because Google says so .
As much as we like the post , here at Acrolinx we see an important way to expand on it .
Specifically , we 're talking about what content quality really means .
In the article , Neil 's definition primarily revolves around technical specifications such as making sure that keywords are used appropriately , referencing authoritative sources , and ensuring that the content is updated regularly .
There 's no doubt that these and the other factors that he 's listed are important and that search engines will reward you with better rankings when you take them into account .
But let 's not forget an important point : Fundamentally , content quality comes down to how well your content is written .
Neil hints at this when he calls out the need to build credibility and to write at an expert level .
However , he seems to be primarily focused on how sophisticated someone 's take is on a particular subject rather than how well they actually write .
For our part , we believe that how successful you are at using language is equally important when it comes to building the credibility and authority that search engines are looking for .
Specifically we 're talking about things as basic as your use of grammar and spelling as well as more sophisticated aspects of writing like style and tone of voice .
This is a point made in a recent article about SEO that was featured on the Huffington Post .
In it Tyler Collins , the head of an SEO agency , explains that to rank well in search engines `` the content on your website must be well-written , free of grammatical errors , and 100 % unique and original .
Content must read smoothly and give visitors the information they are searching for . ''
With this passage , Tyler gives the writing aspect of content quality the attention that we wish Neil had .
Further making the point was the news early last year from search engine Bing , which confirmed that spelling and grammar have an impact on their search rankings .
Their logic , of course , is that all other things being equal , search engines are going to serve up content that 's easy to consume and that is n't encumbered with typos , grammatical issues , or other factors that impede readability .
It stands to reason that Bing is n't the only one taking this into account with its algorithms .
So Neil , we hope that in your next post about SEO and content quality , you 'll include what we know is a critical piece of the equation : good writing .
While it may never be the key driver of search , we believe that in an increasingly content rich world , it will increasingly become one of the factors that search engines use to determine what they rank well .
For anyone looking to increase their organic traffic , it 's an important reminder to always focus on good writing .
A recent blog post from the folks over at HubSpot offers some interesting data about various aspects of e-mail , including just how critical it is to ensure that e-mails are well written .
As staunch promoters of the importance of content quality in all of its forms — e-mail included — our ears immediately perked up when we heard about it .
In the post , HubSpot cites a study from the Radicati Group , explaining that nearly 140 billion business e-mails are sent each and every day .
That 's a lot of e-mail and , as anyone whose inbox fills up at a rate greater than a trickle can attest , people just do n't have time for messages that are n't clear , that are too long , or that are full of mistakes .
To prove the point , HubSpot surveyed over 1,200 people between the ages of 18 and 64 to find out how they use e-mail as well as how gender , age , and level of education impacted their preferences and behaviors .
The results led to two findings that are particularly interesting to us .
The first wo n't come as a surprise to anyone .
It 's that people prefer concise e-mails to longer , more verbose ones .
While it 's long been known that shorter subject lines lead to better open rates ( they drop from 24 percent to 17 percent on average when subject lines exceed 35 characters according to HubSpot 's study ) , the length of the body of your e-mails matters too .
In fact , 60 percent of respondents viewed concise e-mails favorably while less than 30 percent preferred longer versions .
In our view , part of good writing is being concise .
HubSpot 's findings validate just how important this is in everyday life when it comes to e-mail .
The second and even more interesting finding from our perspective is just how much the quality of your writing matters to people .
It turns out that errors in spelling and grammar are among the most `` objectionable trends '' that are likely to turn e-mail recipients off .
In fact , according to HubSpot 's research , nearly 80 percent of respondents find spelling and grammatical errors unacceptable .
Interestingly , 70 percent agree that excessive punctuation should also be avoided .
FAIL MAIL - 80 percent of respondents find spelling and grammatical errors unacceptable .
While this research is limited to e-mail , we believe it 's just another proof point that speaks to a universal truth : the quality of your content matters and will play a huge role in how well it 's received .
Importantly , your content 's overall quality is the sum of numerous parts — things like grammar , spelling , and punctuation are just a few of the most basic components .
If you go a step beyond them , you get to things like tone of voice , style , and readability , all of which have a role to play in determining how effective your content is at engaging your audience .
The takeaway from all of this simple .
When it comes to your content you 've got to be vigilant or you risk being ineffective or , worse yet , degrading your brand .
While controlling this on an individual basis can be challenging enough , doing so at scale is virtually impossible unless you 've got the right technology in place .
For more in-depth research on the topic of content quality , check out our Content Impact Index in which we analyzed over 200 million words of content from top brands around the world .
[ vc_button button_color= '' color-iopl '' link= '' url : http % 3A % 2F % 2Fwww.acrolinx.com % 2Fglobal-content-impact-index % 2F||target : % 20_blank '' ] DOWNLOAD CONTENT IMPACT INDEX [ /vc_button ]
It seems like everywhere you look , there are facts and stats floating around about content marketing .
Some of them are quite interesting ; others seem to mostly be noise .
In this blog post , we 've compiled some of our favorite content marketing stats into a single list .
It 's certainly not comprehensive — if there are other great stats that you 've seen we 'd love to hear about them — but it does give you a good sense of some of the scope and scale of content marketing .
So , without further ado , here are the 23 stats… To Start Off , Some General Trends 78 % of CMOs think custom content is the future of marketing ( Demand Metric ) [ bctt tweet= '' 78 % of CMOs think custom content is the future of marketing '' ] 75 % to 80 % of companies have an active content marketing initiative ( Aberdeen Group ) 88 % of marketers see customer relationships/loyalty and/or engagement as their top content marketing goals in 2015 .
( AdWeek ) 83 % of B2B marketers use content marketing ( CMI/MarketingProfs ) On average , prospects receive 10 marketing touches through the course of a successful buyer 's journey .
( Aberdeen Group ) Only 31 percent of brands exceeded the benchmark quality impact score ( Acrolinx Content Impact Index ) All of that Suggests the Need for a Good Content Strategy and for Good Content , Yet That 's Not Always What You Get Only 35 % of B2B content marketers have a documented content strategy ( CMI/MarketingProfs ) 77 % of business buyers prefer different content at various stages of the product research process ( Pardot/Salesforce ) Only 42 percent of B2B marketers think their content is effective ( CMI/MarketingProfs ) 57 % of marketers think that style and tone are either important or very important when it comes to content effectiveness ( Acrolinx ) 92 % of marketers indicate producing high-quality content as valuable or very valuable , but only 54 % rated their level of execution as effective or very effective ( Aberdeen Group ) Social Media Has a Huge Role to Play in Supporting Content Marketing 82 % of consumers trust a company more when the CEO/leadership team are active social media users ( TopRank ) 43 % of content marketers say social media is a top contributor to marketing success ( Gartner ) There will be an estimated 2.13 billion social network users around the globe by 2016 .
( Statista ) It 's All About Getting Results ( And Some Ideas How To ) 57 % of marketers have acquired a new customer from their blog posts ( Sekari ) Content marketing generates three times as many leads , per dollar spent , as traditional marketing tactics ( Demand Metric ) 69 % of marketers are using pageviews/unique visitors to measure the success of their content , while less than half are examining the time the user actually spends on the site .
( Contently ) Less than 20 % of a company 's website content drives 90 % of its traffic , and only 0.5 % of a website 's content drives more than 50 % of its traffic .
( InboundWriter ) Inbound marketing delivers 54 % more leads than traditional outbound marketing ( com ) 17 percent of pageviews last less than 4 seconds , and a mere 4 percent of pageviews hold a reader 's attention for 10 minutes or more .
( Statistic Brain ) Approximately 60 to 70 percent of B2B content that is created is never used because the topic is irrelevant to the target audience .
( Inbound Writer ) Companies with an active blog generate 67 percent more leads per month ( Source ) Customer testimonials have the highest effectiveness for content marketers at 89 % ( com ) Images result in a 98 % higher comment rate on LinkedIn ( Quick Sprout ) What other stats have you seen that you like ?
Share them with the Acrolinx community by leaving a comment below .
We recently had the opportunity to talk with Ben Cornelius , the director of content localization at PayPal , the well-known online payment system and one of Acrolinx 's long-time customers .
Ben has been working in content for 20 years and , in his role at PayPal , is responsible for overseeing the teams that produce the company 's content for global customers .
That includes the transliteration of content from English into a variety of other languages so that PayPal 's products and marketing campaigns make sense to audiences around the world .
Below are some highlights from our discussion about how PayPal has mastered Agile content development practices to get better results for customers .
Acrolinx Team : To start off , what exactly does Agile mean to you ?
Ben Cornelius : Agile is about rapid planning , development , and release .
It 's also about getting feedback as quickly as possible .
To put it another way , it 's about being nimble and able to take on feedback so that you can get to your company 's next release as fast as you can .
AT : Ok , and why is being agile so important for your business ?
BC : To be honest , we really have no other choice .
It 's driven by both our customers ' needs and by international regulations .
You see , banking regulations have deadlines that we have to hit .
If we do n't , we 're putting our banking license at risk along with our ability to help our customers may their payments online .
For that reason , it 's critical for us to be agile .
Plus , being agile gives us the opportunity to address people with our content based on what they 're looking for at any given time .
In my organization , for example , we interact with hundreds of teams globally to be able to send 667 different content variations out to 203 countries every 24 hours .
Without Agile , that just would n't be possible .
AT : How does being agile change the way that content gets created ?
BC : Content is part of what we deliver to our customers because it 's part of the PayPal experience .
So we work hand in hand with development , product , marketing , and every other team across the company to create content for our customers .
Since I 'm helping support them in their effort to achieve their goals , those teams welcome the collaboration and see it as a great partnership .
As a result , at PayPal we think of content development as development .
We do our planning with the software developers .
That way as new products are being defined , we 're already looped in and thinking about what content we can create to support it .
It really helps to break down silos .
AT : How does need for silo busting actually work in practice when it comes time to partner with a development team ?
BC : When we engage with development teams , we use simple tools that we built to look at the code repositories where all of the products live .
We also go into all of the management command and control consoles that our engineering and product teams use to make sure that we 're aligned with what they 're building .
In other words , we get very deep with them from the point of planning on .
That way , by the time that they 're in execution , we already know most of the things that need to get done .
That allow us to better help them .
AT : It sounds like you 've managed to role your sleeves up and get your hands right into the source code repositories to get a hold of the content you care about .
That 's great .
BC : Yes , and we 've made it simple so that that the people on my team are n't looking at ugly XML structures , but rather at what seems like the PayPal experience .
The only difference is that they can click into it and change the words in real time .
AT : So is Agile always a good thing ?
Are there places where you should n't pursue it ?
BC : The short answer is that there 's no team for which Agile is n't a good thing .
Of course , the long answer is that it 's more complicated with the lawyers .
In fact , trying to remain agile while working with our lawyers is one of our biggest constraints .
To get around that , we try to make their lives easy so that they want to do the work and are able to do so quickly .
That means making sure they have a visual context for what particular strings are going to look like to users so that they know exactly what they 're reviewing .
AT : How has PayPal benefited from your use of Agile and have your customers noticed ?
BC : Our internal customers have definitely noticed .
They no longer come to me saying things like `` your team is late , '' `` your stuff is n't here , '' `` I 'm going to miss my release , '' or `` my revenue is at risk . ''
Plus , our customers are happy because we do heavy analytics .
Since we 're a heavily regulated industry we have to do analytics , and rather than look at that as a burden , I 've made it into one of my team 's greatest strengths .
For example , when we change words , I can show people when there 's an increase in internal payments being used against that particular flow .
Basically , we 're able to show the business value of our content through the customer experiences it creates .
I think everyone notices that .
AT : That 's great Ben .
Thanks so much for taking the time to chat with us today .
Earlier this year we surveyed more than 1000 marketers around the world about their companies ' content .
Our goal was to see what insights we could gain by asking marketers about their content 's style , consistency , and tone of voice .
In this post , we 're sharing some of the raw data that our survey yielded , along with our own impressions of what it means and why it 's important .
To kick off the survey , we wanted to get a sense of how marketers would characterize their content 's personality .
While most people said it was either warm and friendly or proper and polished , it 's important to remember that these results reflect their own opinions .
If you were to look at their companies — and particularly their content — you might get a very different impression .
Next , we wanted to know how consistent their customer-facing content is in terms of its tone and voice .
If you 're a regular reader of this blog , then you 'll know just how important we think consistency is on this front .
And , not just in terms of marketing content , but rather all of the different types of content that companies create .
Here again the results are interesting , though whether or not they 're an accurate reflection of reality is another question .
The issue is that we only surveyed marketers , and marketers are often only responsible for marketing content .
Since big corporations have lots of different people creating content , many of whom sit outside of marketing , these impressions might not reflect the reality for their entire company .
Whether or not our respondents were taking all of those folks ' content into consideration is questionable .
All the more so when you consider the results of our next couple of questions .
When we asked marketers how important they think style and tone are in terms of content effectiveness , 95.57 percent of them said it was either important or very important .
Yet as the next chart shows , less than half of respondents had comprehensive brand guidelines for their messaging , language , and tone .
This really is the most eye-opening finding of our survey because it reveals a pretty significant gap .
Virtually all of the marketers we surveyed think that style and tone are important , yet 56 percent of them do n't have comprehensive guidelines in place that document what they should be .
Interestingly , among the companies that do have documented guidelines , only 32 percent of them indicated that everyone follows the guidelines across departments and geographies .
Do the math and you 'll discover that means that only 14 percent of all of the marketers we surveyed have guidelines in place that are consistently being used .
For anyone whose trying to create consistent at scale , that 's a problem .
The takeaway from all of this is simple : Style and tone matter , but most people are n't giving it the attention it deserves .
The question is , are you ?
Hey there friends at EContent magazine !
We were humbled to discover that you included us on your list of the 100 companies that matter most in the digital content industry for the fourth consecutive year .
It 's an honor to be acknowledged alongside industry leaders like Apple , Netflix , Facebook , and Amazon.com , and we 're grateful for the recognition .
Still , we ca n't help but think that more important than that recognition is what it means that lists like this even exist .
For us personally , it 's a validation that we 're on the right path by trying to help companies create better , more consistent content so that they can speak with one voice .
More broadly , though , we think it just goes to show you how important content has become and how many different aspects of content — from its creation and management to delivery and analytics — have matured in recent years thanks in part to the support of some pretty terrific companies .
The truth is that content is now probably the very best way that companies have of communicating with their customers .
For that reason , you 've got to really be sure that the content you 're creating is effective and that you 're doing everything you can to get it in front of the right people at the right times and in the right places .
That 's obviously easier said than done , but there 's no shortage of resources to help .
And , thankfully , EContent magazine has been reminding us all what some of those resources are for fifteen years now .
They 've certainly changed during that time , but that just shows you how much the digital content industry has matured .
Still , during all of that time one thing has remained consistently true .
The digital world has forever changed content and it 's now more important than ever before .
Thanks again for the recognition , EContent magazine , and for casting a light on what we believe is a very exciting and dynamic industry .
San Jose , Calif. – December 14 , 2015 – The Forbes CMO Practice released today a new report `` Publish or Perish : A CMO Roadmap for Managing , Systematizing and Optimizing the Marketing Content Supply Chain '' which reveals that publishing has emerged as a critical marketing discipline that is now essential to top-line growth .
The 126-page in-depth report includes best practice analysis , as well as an assessment of the leading solution providers .
It is now available for sale at www.forbes.com/CMO-Practice .
This report confirms that brand publishing is central to achieving virtually every program on the executive growth agenda and increasingly defines the success of the Chief Marketing Officer .
Content Marketing is a universal point for CMOs .
They are now spending more on content than traditional media advertising , yet few have mastered the discipline and economics of creating content at scale .
Bruce Rogers , Chief Insights Officer at Forbes Media and head of the Forbes CMO Practice Key findings from this study include : Managing the growing cost and complexity of content operations is a critical business issue : Marketers will need to find ways to optimize their content operations and fundamentally reduce the cost and complexity of producing and managing the volume and quality of marketing content needed to support modern sales and marketing programs .
The CMO must become a publisher to effectively build brands , engage customers and support sales : 93 % of CMOs agree that their organizations must develop a publishing function in order to execute their growth agenda and manage the rising cost and complexity of content operations .
To lead this transformation from within their marketing operations , marketing executives are increasingly casting themselves in the role of publisher .
Marketers must simplify , streamline and automate their publishing processes to grow effectively : Over 80 % of CMOs surveyed report they have already started working with their peers in sales , IT , HR and finance to establish editorial organizations and systems to support the creation , management and distribution of sales and marketing content at scale in every line of business .
Marketers who do not optimize their publishing process are putting their growth plans at risk : As marketers adopt more advanced and personalized marketing practices , the volume of marketing content and the complexity of managing it will continue to grow .
Over time , the demand for well-organized , high-quality marketing content threatens to outgrow the labor-intensive content production and management systems that prevail in most organizations .
The new bottom line for marketers is if you want to grow , you better become a publisher .
Our team of experts spent hundreds of hours researching the latest brand publishing best practices , skills , technologies and competencies to help senior marketing executives lead the transformation of their organizations from an advertising to a publishing model .
Stephen Diorio , Chief Analyst for the Forbes CMO Practice and the author of the report The Forbes Publish or Perish analysis outlines steps required to successfully simplify , streamline and automate publishing processes .
This report also includes : The top 100 Brand Publishing technologies to enable content production , management , distribution and optimization .
This list includes such point solution vendors as Acrolinx , Kapost , Lionbridge , Seismic and ScribbleLive .
Profiles of the 13 major technology partners most qualified to help the CMO establish a publishing technology roadmap , including Adobe , Oracle , IBM , Marketo and Salesforce.com .
Vendor selection guidance that CMOs can use to sort , rank and prioritize their technology approach .
The Publish or Perish report is designed to help CMOs and other marketing executives get control over the publishing process and reduce the cost and complexity of content operations .
A summary of the findings and the full report is on sale online at : www.forbes.com/cmo-practice .
About this research This comprehensive research initiative is based on a quantitative and qualitative survey of 380 marketing executives from around the world completed in June 2015 , as well as interviews with over 50 subject matter experts , and an in-depth analysis of over a thousand marketing technology solutions with the ability to enable aspects of the brand publishing process .
About Forbes Media Forbes Media is a global media , branding and technology company , with a focus on news and information about business , investing , technology , entrepreneurship , leadership and affluent lifestyles .
The company publishes Forbes , Forbes Asia , and Forbes Europe magazines as well as Forbes.com .
The Forbes brand today reaches more than 80 million people worldwide with its business message each month through its magazines and 38 licensed local editions around the globe , websites , TV , conferences , research , social and mobile platforms .
Forbes Media 's brand extensions include conferences , real estate , education , financial services , and technology license agreements .
About Acrolinx The Acrolinx platform helps the world 's greatest brands create amazing content : on-brand , on-target , and at scale .
Built on an advanced linguistic analytics engine , Acrolinx is the only software platform that can actually `` read '' your content and guide writers to make it better .
That 's why companies like Adobe , Boeing , Google , and Philips use Acrolinx to create content that 's more engaging , enjoyable , and impactful .
Learn more at acrolinx.com .
Editor 's Note : This post is based off of a presentation that Content Marketing Institute founder Joe Pulizzi recently gave at Content Connections , Acrolinx 's online , virtual conference .
Held in November 2015 , the event attracted more than 2,000 content professionals from around the world .
To check out Joe 's latest best selling books , click here .
Before I dive into the five essential steps to epic content marketing , let me take a step back and provide a little set up .
I want you to go way back in your memory to the time when websites first came about .
It was a great moment for marketers , was n't it ?
We finally had a place where we could post information about our products and services in the hope of attracting customers .
As social media got added to the mix , along with lots of other forms of content like blogs , podcasts , and videos , we suddenly had even more ways to communicate .
In the years since , however , we 've learned an important lesson : Nobody cares !
Unless they 're already deep within the buying process , our customers and prospects just are n't interested in hearing from us about our products and services , or about features and benefits .
Thanks to the explosion of channels available to consumers over the past few decades , people can get information in far more ways than ever before .
If you think back you might recall that prior to 1990 there were only eight channels you could use to reach prospects and customers : events , direct fax , direct mail , telephone , TV , radio , print , and display .
Consumers had a finite number of ways to get information and , as a result , marketers could use any of these channels pretty effectively .
Of course as we all know , that 's no longer the case .
So What 's Changed ?
Fast-forward to today and there are literally hundreds of different channels that consumers can use to access information .
I 'm talking about everything from Wikis and microsites to RSS feeds and paid search , all of which have empowered consumers .
Today they not only have access to most of the information they need , but can also control what they see , only paying attention to what they care about while ignoring anything they do n't .
This shift has had an important impact on how people make purchasing decisions .
If you look at the research from the folks at Altimeter , Forrester , and Gartner you 'll see that they all say the same thing : Today 's buyers go through at least 60 percent of the buying process before ever contacting the company they intend to buy from .
That means that as marketer if we want to influence their decision-making process , we have to be much more effective and compelling communicators .
That 's where content marketing comes in .
Instead of communicating with your customers through someone else 's channels , content marketing is about creating and distributing your own amazing information to help you build an audience .
And while more and more companies are embracing it , the reality is that most have n't yet cracked the code .
That 's why I think the advice below is so important for getting started on the right path to a successful content marketing program .
5 Essentials to Epic Content Marketing for Business Getting content marketing is n't easy .
It 's a marathon , not a sprint , that takes focus , dedication , and patience .
It 's also critically important that you have a documented content strategy .
Below are what I believe are the five essentials that you need to be thinking about before you create your strategy to help ensure that you get it right : 1 .
Understand your purpose There are really only three reasons to do content marketing .
You can do so to drive sales , cut costs , or to do what I like to refer to as creating sunshine by ensuring your customers remain happy and loyal .
Each of these is a valid reason to pursue content marketing .
The key is just being crystal clear about which one is driving your efforts .
Because the fact is that most companies do n't know why they do everything they 're doing , which leads to wasted effort and a lack of focus .
For that reason , I encourage you to try the following exercise .
Create a grid for every particular audience you 're targeting .
Down the left-hand side list all of the ways you communicate with that audience ( through e-mails , blog posts , podcasts , etc . ) .
Then , next to each jot down the business reason for why you 're using that particular channel to communicate .
In my experience , no one is ever able to fully explain everything they 're doing .
Going through this exercise not only makes potential activities that you can cut from your program clear , but also helps reinforce why you 're doing certain things .
That 's information that you then need to pass along to the people in the trenches , so that they understand how their efforts are contributing to the big picture .
Create a content marketing mission statement Before you can create and document your content strategy , you absolutely need to develop a mission statement to help keep everyone involved on the same page .
That in turn will save time by eliminating confusion .
Fundamentally , your mission statement needs to include three parts : your core target audience , what you 're delivering , and what the outcome for your audience will be .
When you develop it , remember that you 'll need one for each individual persona that you 're targeting .
If you try to go after multiple personas with a single statement , I promise you that it 'll be a recipe for failure .
Use a proven content formula I 've seen lots of different approaches to content marketing , but what I 've found is that there 's only one that really works and it 's this : 1 Content Type + 1 Main Platform + Consistent Delivery + a Long Period of Time ( 12+ months ) = The Key to Content Marketing Success What this boils down to is that you ca n't spread yourself too thin .
Rather than try to be the master of all things — blogs , videos , eBooks , infographics , Facebook , Twitter , etc. , — a better approach is to hone in on one thing and do it really well and consistently over the long haul .
That means deciding to blog , for example , and then blogging at the same interval and publishing at the same time each week every week for a year or more to help build your audience .
Content marketing is a marathon and not a sprint , so it 's this consistent , focused execution that really makes all of the difference .
Do n't build your content ship on rented land If you 're reliant on other people 's platforms for your content marketing — channels like Facebook , LinkedIn or Twitter — you 're at risk because they can change the rules at any time .
After all , each of these platforms is constantly changing its algorithms whether you like it or not .
For that reason , although I definitely encourage you to use social media , I would n't put my faith in it .
So rather than focus on building massive followings on these and other channels , I recommend focusing on developing e-mail ( or even print ) subscribers as your main metric .
Because it 's the only way to be in control of what happens .
Plus , if you can figure out what behavioral differences occur between people who subscribe to your e-mails and those who do n't , you 'll be able to demonstrate real ROI .
Open up your wallet My last tip goes back to the classic issue of build versus buy .
People often think that they have to build their own audience from scratch , when in fact buying that audience may be a faster , cheaper , and easier alternative .
It 's a tactic that companies like HubSpot , among others , have used to great effect and that you could too .
Before you put all of your effort into building an audience , weigh your options .
Make a list of all of the other blogs , websites , newsletters , and other channels out there that your customers are tuned into .
Then evaluate if there might be an opportunity to partner with any of them , if not outright buy them .
The upfront costs may be high , but over the long run it could just be a better approach .
Create Your Plan , Build Your Audience , and Treat Content as an Asset All good content marketing starts with a documented content strategy .
Without that plan in place , staying focused and delivering consistent results is virtually impossible .
Once you have your plan , start growing a community of followers either organically or through acquisition .
My final piece of advice is to make sure that you always treat your content as an asset .
In many organizations content is still just looked at as a cost , rather than as something with tremendous value .
Only when you 're able to shift that mindset within your organization will you truly be able to succeed .
The road to successful content marketing is a long one , but if you follow the advice I 've provided in this post , I promise you 'll get much better results .
I 've seen it work for dozens and dozens of companies , and I know it will work for yours too .
Well it 's official .
Oxford Dictionaries Word of the Year 2015 is n't actually a word at all .
Not in the traditional sense at least .
Instead , they 've bestowed that honor on the emoji known as `` face with tears of joy , '' pictured here .
Now before you get too worked up about it , the folks at Oxford are quick to point two things out : It was the mostly widely used emoji around the world this year and it 's the ‘ word ' that `` best reflected the ethos , mood , and preoccupations of 2015 . ''
Who knew ?
It 's an interesting choice for Oxford , but one that makes sense on some level when you think about it .
Although emojis have been around for a while ( they date back to the late 1990s ) , their usage has really skyrocketed this year .
As evidence of that , you do n't have to look any further than Apple .
They 've introduced hundreds of new emojis in recent months as part of their software updates , which is a surefire sign that there 's been demand .
Plus , back in June Chevrolet made the news when it issued a press release about the Chevy Cruze written almost entirely in emojis .
( By the way , apparently the Chevy Cruze does n't elicit tears of joy .
That emoji is notably absent from the release . )
If you look at all of this from the perspective of how languages evolve over time — and as a bunch of language geeks , that 's something we like to do — this is a pretty fascinating change in how we communicate .
People are time poor and emojis are often a faster way of communicating ideas than typing them out .
Plus , they 're awfully fun , right ?
That 's all well and good for texting your girlfriend , but what does it mean for business ?
The move toward friendlier , more personable and engaging content is nothing new for B2C companies and it 's becoming more widely accepted in B2B land .
But how far do we go with that and is there really a place for emojis in our business communication ?
As a content optimization platform , who are we to say what is or is n't right ?
We 're concerned with style , tone of voice , and consistency , not pictographs .
And , while sprinkling your content with a liberal coating of emojis will certainly have an effect on style and tone , if that 's consistent with your brand , maybe it 's not such a bad thing .
Disagree ?
Fair enough .
Maybe you 'd be happier with one of the runner-ups ?
Among the shortlisted contenders for word of the year were Dark Web , sharing economy , lumbersexual , and Brexit , the latter being a reference to the possibility of the UK departing from the European Union .
Language is a funny thing .
It 's constantly evolving and , while we may not always like each of the changes , one thing 's for sure .
If you do n't embrace most of them , you 'll quickly start to sound dated and out of touch .
Over time , you might even be viewed as irrelevant .
That 's not an option most of us care to consider , so maybe it 's time to start opening our minds instead .
No matter what your political views may be , if you 're a content geek like we are , you 've got to hand it to the US Government for at least one thing : Five years ago , they signed the Plain Writing Act into law .
This officially started requiring federal agencies to make their communication a lot clearer so that they 'd be easier for the public to understand .
Soon after , in January 2011 , the government issued an executive order stating that all regulations must likewise be `` accessible , consistent , written in plain language , and easy to understand . ''
Now maybe you 're thinking so what ?
But if you 've ever had a reason to read government content , then you know just how difficult it can be to make sense of .
In fact , they can be down right confusing , leaving you scratching your head as you sort through all of the passive voice , crazy long sentences , and lots and lots of jargon .
Since the Plain Writing Act does n't include any mechanism for reviewing or enforcing compliance , you might assume that the whole thing is nothing more than a bunch of lip service .
But , over the past few years the Center for Plain Language has stepped up to fill this role , reviewing the governments ' plain language programs along with samples of their writing .
As part of that process , a group of readers score the writing samples against a set of plain language criteria .
The Center for Plain Language also uses Acrolinx to analyze the content in terms of grammar , style , and overall readability .
The output of the annual effort is a report card that rates 23 different government departments and agencies across two dimensions : their compliance with the Plain Writing Act and the quality of their writing and information design .
It just so happens that the 2015 Federal Plain Language Report Card was released earlier this month .
Curious to know how the government performed ?
We know you are… The good news is that things are generally improving : Participation is at an all-time high , with 23 agencies submitting materials for review , including all 15 Cabinet-level departments .
Compliance scores have increased overall , with eight agencies improving while four others dropped .
13 agencies improved in writing and information design while only five dropped .
There were no Ds or Fs ; instead , a record number of agencies scored B or higher .
Of course , there 's work to be done .
A report from the Center for Plain language notes that , `` Agencies are making progress in using plain language , but much writing still uses a bureaucratic , overly technical style with an un-reader-friendly structure . ''
We 're excited that the US government recognizes the importance of clear , easy to understand writing and we 're thrilled to be a part of this great initiative .
As we dive deeper into the 2016 Election , remember that no matter who comes out on top , let 's all hope that they 're equally committed to creating content that can easily be understood .
We were recently humbled to discover that the folks over at Docurated — whose software helps people to find and use their own content — have recognized Acrolinx as one of the 50 best content marketing tools in the business .
It 's an honor to have made their list along with lots of great companies like BrightCove , OutBrain , Uberflip , and SnapApp , among others .
While we appreciate the recognition , we 're even more excited about the fact that a list like this exists .
That 's because it 's yet another proof point about just how important content has become and the intense focus that marketers are putting on making sure that theirs is the best it can be .
Just look at all of the amazing companies that have emerged in the last few years to support content creation and distribution , many of which Docurated has captured in their list .
As Docurated points out , `` content is the glue that holds your many marketing and sales efforts together . ''
Given that very important role , and the fact that more and more companies are creating ever more content , you 've absolutely got to make sure that yours is a cut above the rest so that it really stands out .
In many cases , the success of your business depends on it .
Remember , your content is your primary way of communicating and forming relationships with prospects and customers .
Now do n't get us wrong .
You can certainly create some pretty amazing content all on your own .
Plenty of people do .
The challenge , however , arises when you need to do so at scale because invariably content quality suffers as the quantity of it being created goes up .
It 's at times like these that having the right tools in your marketing tool belt can really make a difference .
From helping you write more compelling and engaging content to amplifying it to its greatest effect , there really is a tool out there for just about every need you could have .
So thank you , Docurated , for helping to shine a light on a topic that we believe is very important , and for highlighting some great companies and fantastic content marketing tools .
If you 're reading this and have n't already checked them out , you definitely should .
This week we 're excited to be heading to the Lone Star State for the biggest rodeo event of the year .
We 're talking about The Houston Livestock Show and Rodeo , which is a pretty big deal down in Texas .
That 's right , content friends , we 've got our boots on and our lassos ready , and we 're fired up to be among some of the finest cowboys in the land as we tackle today 's top content marketing challenges .
Now , you might be wondering what content marketing and riding bulls have in common .
The short answer is : more than you think .
Both take confidence , skill , and determination , and that 's just for starters .
If you want the full story , there are a few ways to get it .
The first is come to the rodeo yourself — we 'd love to meet you , eat a little BBQ together , and talk content .
What could be better ?
Of course , we reckon not everyone 's gon na be able to make it in person , so we 've got some other options for you too .
Our good friend Scott Abel ( aka The Content Wrangler ) is going to be blogging from the rodeo to share more .
Not only that , he and our very own Andrew Bredenkamp are co-hosting a webinar called `` 5 Reasons Why Content Marketing Is Like a Rodeo '' to give you the skinny .
With any luck , they 'll both be in cowboy costumes , and you can trust us when we say that 's not something you want to miss .
At Content Connections , our annual virtual user conference last November , Dr. Andrew Bredenkamp led a great panel discussion about agile content development .
On the panel were three professionals , all of whom are leading agile content development initiatives at some pretty impressive brands .
Among them were Susie Dickson , content strategist at Facebook , Laurel Counts , director of technical communications at Moody 's Analytics , and Jim Turcotte , SVP of engineering services at CA .
In this post , we 've tried to capture the great discussion that Andrew had with these folks about being agile and why velocity is so important when you 're creating content at scale .
If you 're interested in learning more about this topic , you can also access the full panel discussion here .
Andrew : So let 's start at the beginning .
What does agile actually mean for each of your businesses ?
Susie : It 's just how we do things at Facebook because we believe there 's really no other way to do product development successfully .
The company 's mantra has long been `` move fast and break things '' and we 've built our culture around that since day one .
What it comes down to is that as a company we take an engineering-driven approach .
That means that anyone who 's working on our products , needs to be aligned with that mentality so that they 're able to work quickly and iterate .
Laurel : At Moody 's Analytics , we see agile as a way to gain an advantage over our competitors by beating them to market with new products .
Unlike at Facebook , though , where it sounds like it has been part of the company 's DNA since day one , we 've only been focused on agile for the past five years .
And , it 's really only in the last couple of years that agile has made its way downstream to our technical communications team .
Jim : From our perspective at CA , being agile is all about speed .
We live in an application economy where software is literally changing business models overnight .
If your company ca n't keep up with that kind of velocity , you 're going to be dead in the water .
Andrew : Jim , you mentioned velocity , which is what being agile ultimately enables .
Why do you think velocity is so important in the first place ?
Jim : I think velocity is the key to meeting customer demands .
But for that to work , a company needs to be agile enterprise-wide , not just in specific pockets like product development .
After all , what good is having a super fast development team if it then takes months to get the content to support it before you can go to market ?
Andrew : Ok , and what have you found to be the keys to making agile work ?
Susie : For us there have been a few things .
First and foremost , you 've got to have good communication between the different teams and divisions in your organization .
But even that alone is n't enough .
You 've also got to figure out how you can get yourselves embedded into your product team so that you become a part of their process .
That way content becomes a natural part of the discussion rather than an afterthought .
Jim : I 'd say it 's about three things : the good internal collaboration that Susie just touched on , having a strong customer feedback loop so that you 're constantly learning and evolving , and finally having some level of automation that lets you offload the non-value add work from the process .
Laurel : I agree .
Getting our get writers into the process has been really important as has been adopting the right tools .
Without technology , the kind of automation that Jim was talking about just would n't be possible .
Andrew : And has being agile changed the dynamics within your organization ?
Jim : Absolutely .
We 're much more collaborative now as a result .
Rather than just assign one of my tech writers to create some documentation around a new feature or function , for example , we 've now got a collaborative process in place .
That process effectively allows us to crowdsource content from the relevant parties in our support , services , product management , and development teams .
As a result , our writers are actually becoming content curators .
Susie : We 've had a similar experience .
Our engineering , research , and content teams were previously all in different silos , but now we 've come together as one product team .
I think that 's a reflection of how we 're maturing as a company and it has certainly allowed us to be a lot more nimble and to try new things that we previously could n't have .
Andrew : And have your customers noticed any changes as a result of your being agile ?
Laurel : We have n't fully rolled out agile documentation at Moody 's yet , but we 're getting there .
So although our customers have n't noticed any changes in our technical communication yet , I would say that they have noticed lots of improvements from a product development perspective .
Jim : Our customers definitely are noticing and we see that in a couple of ways .
For example , they 're leaving positive comments and giving us higher net promoter scores .
Plus , we 're also seeing a decrease in issue volume as our customers are using the content we create to satisfy their needs through self-service .
Susie : While it 's hard to tie anything back to agile directly , I think our ability to keep up with customer demands globally is probably the biggest testament to what agile has made possible for us .
Agile is a great approach to almost any complex business process .
To find out more about how Facebook , Moody 's Analytics , and CA are using agile as part of their content development , check out the full discussion here .
Last year we had the chance to hear from Jim Turcotte about his experiences with agile content development .
As the SVP Business Unit Executive at CA Technologies — a $ 4.5 billion software company and an Acrolinx customer — it 's an area that Jim knows well .
In fact , in his current role he oversees a team that supports approximately 3,000 developers , creating technical content for global audiences .
The Q & A below is adapted from Jim 's participation in a panel discussion on agile content development that Acrolinx hosted at the 2015 Intelligent Content Conference .
Acrolinx Team : Let 's start with the basics , Jim .
What does agile mean to you ?
Jim Turcotte : Agile is all about rapid planning , development , and release .
Most people tend to think of agile in terms of software development , but it actually has a much bigger application .
In today 's world , you 've got to think more holistically about how your entire company can be agile .
It 's got to be an enterprise-wide endeavor that covers every aspect of the business — including your content development — helping you to work faster and become more efficient across the board .
AT : You mentioned doing things faster .
Why do you think velocity is so important ?
JT : If you think about it , we live in an application economy .
Every company 's digital and mobile presence has become a big part of their brand loyalty .
Just consider companies like Uber or any of the banking applications that have emerged .
They 're driven by software and they 've practically appeared out of thin air to disrupt the marketplace .
I think velocity is important because things are moving so quickly as those examples illustrate .
As a business , you 've got to do everything you can to keep up .
That 's where agile comes in , but , to my earlier point , it ca n't just be your developers using agile .
Your whole company needs to embrace it .
AT : How does velocity and being agile change the way that content gets created at CA Technologies ?
JT : We 're moving toward what I call an Uber approach to creating technical content .
Basically that means that anyone in the enterprise who has knowledge can contribute to our technical content in some way , whether by actually writing , updating existing content , or simply doing QA .
Meanwhile our writers are now effectively serving as content curators , all of which has greatly improved our velocity .
Plus , we 're moving toward continuous content .
My writers do n't stop once the product goes out the door .
That 's because we 've built analytics into the doc ops platform .
What we want is real-time analytics .
In fact , we 're in the process of integrating machine learning so we can take analytics to a whole new level .
For example , we can look at every search a customer is executing and what UI screens they 're executing those searches from as well as any issues they 're encountering along the way .
That allows us to create an instant heat map so that we can go in and take immediate action .
That 's really key .
You 've got to be able to recognize where customers are struggling and be able to take quick , tactical action to address their concerns .
AT : What has the reaction been at CA Technologies to your adoption of agile content development practices ?
JT : We 're definitely getting positive feedback .
From an external perspective , the reaction has been great because our customers like the functionality that we 've added , such as linking our technical content to our products contextually and making it language sensitive .
Plus , folks like product management are blown away by the analytics because they 're suddenly getting greater insight into their customers .
And marketing is now using technical content as another pool in which to fish for customers .
That 's because our content is optimized for search and it 's almost all open to the public .
People are finding it and , as a result , finding their way into our sales funnel .
AT : Sounds like you 're doing great things at CA Technologies , Jim .
Thanks so much for sharing some of your experiences .
Editor 's Note : This post is based off of a presentation that Nataly Kelly , HubSpot 's VP of Marketing ( Localization ) , recently gave at Content Connections , Acrolinx 's online , virtual conference .
Held in November 2015 , the event attracted more than 2,000 content professionals from around the world .
It 's not always easy to get consistently good results when you work with vendors to translate your content .
A vendor might be really good at translating one particular language or type of content , for example , but not another .
As a result , you never know if you 're going to wind up with a piece of content that reads beautifully or one that sounds like it was slapped together with Google Translate .
To be successful at content marketing for a global audience , that 's just not good enough .
Fortunately , Nataly has devised a number of steps that you can take to help ensure that you get great results every time .
Fundamentally , she believes that the root of most translation quality issues is trust , and that you can get around those issues by following some simple advice .
Vet agencies and translators carefully Finding and working with an agency is like `` taking a turn playing The Dating Game , '' says Nataly .
You do n't ever know who 's on the other side of the wall and what exactly they 're doing .
Her advice is to do everything you can to break that `` wall '' down so that you get a better understanding of both how the vendor , and the translators they employ , work .
For instance , she 's got the following suggestions : Ask for references or referrals .
Talk to marketers at the companies whose content you admire and see if they can refer you to anyone .
When you do , ask them what they like about their translation vendor and whether or not they think the vendor would be a good fit for your company .
Ask to see translators ' resumes .
Do n't just assume the agency is picking the best candidates .
Ask for candidates ' resumes so that you can look to see if they have the qualities you look for when hiring employees .
For example , do they have the right experience in your industry ?
Request sample translations .
The best way to get a clear indication of the quality of a translator 's work is to review some samples so that you know what to expect from them .
Get direct access to the translator .
Make sure that your vendor gives you open lines of communication and direct access to the translators so that there 's full transparency .
If the vendor is always the middleman , things can easily get lost in translation .
Beyond that , you 'll also want to understand the nature of the translator 's relationship with the vendor , such as how long they 've been working together and how many projects they 've collaborated on .
In addition , Nataly recommends asking the following questions as part of the vetting process : Does the vendor have experience working on the specific type of content you need translated ?
Do they have subject matter expertise and experience translating content in the same domain you 're working in ?
Do they have experience translating into your desired language ?
( Note , they 'll always answer yes , so you 'll want to know how much experience they have .
Ask about volume and frequency . )
Do they already handle projects with the countries you 're marketing to ?
Can they support any technology you might be using ?
Is the vendor easily accessible , not just in your time zone , but also in the time zones where your stakeholders are located ?
Once you 've done your due diligence and selected a vendor you 're confident with , it 's time to take some additional steps on your side to help ensure you get a great result .
Context and quality source content are key When it comes to translations , there 's a lot of truth to the old adage `` garbage in , garbage out . ''
One of the best ways to improve the quality of your translations is by improving the quality of your source content and giving your translators the context they need to do their job effectively .
To do so , Nataly has a few suggestions : Write up a clear description of your target audience and pass that along to the translator .
This will give the translator a better picture of who they 're translating for so that they can tailor their efforts .
Always explain the purpose of the content to the translator so that they know exactly what it 's intended to communicate .
The more context they have , the more effective they 'll be at the task at hand .
Define any company-specific terms and acronyms that you use so that the translator can find the right equivalents as appropriate .
Make sure that you highlight any terms you do n't use too so they know what to avoid .
Train source content writers to write with translatability in mind .
That means using shorter sentences , avoiding colloquialisms , and doing everything else you can to ensure the writing is clear and concise .
Focus on planning more than process Nataly 's last bit of advice is to really be focused on the planning piece of your translation efforts , rather than getting hung up on just the process .
For her that means having all of your ducks in a row , which includes things like sharing your goals with your vendors and having clearly defined expectations so that everyone is on the same page .
She 's also a fan of having detailed company style guides and glossaries , scheduling regular communication as part of an overall translation plan , and establishing a robust network of reviewers who are native speakers in each language you 're working in and can review translations to ensure their quality .
Ultimately , Nataly believes that the key to getting great results when working with translators is building a strong relationship with them that 's based on trust .
With that as a foundation , she has found that the chances of consistently achieving positive outcomes increases exponentially .
If there 's one time of year when we all fumble around to find just the right words , it 's on Valentine 's Day .
That 's because it 's the one day when we all go out of our way to express how we feel about the person we love .
While it 's the sentiment behind our words that matters most , getting the actual words right is pretty important too .
All the more so when they 're in print because -- let 's face it -- typos are a turn off .
If a well-written Valentine can help set the mood , one filled with mistakes can kill it just as easily .
After all , your writing always makes an impression .
It does n't matter whether we 're talking about the marketing content you create for your customers or the love letter you 're planning to write to your significant other .
That 's why , in honor of Valentine 's Day , we want to share some funny examples of Valentine 's Day fails that just go to show you language matters .
We 're pretty sure that the people who received these Valentine 's messages were n't too impressed .
Loev ≠ Love We do n't know who decorated this cake , but you 've really got to be in love to overlook a typo like that .
Hopefully the taste made up for the misspelling .
Mine or Mime ?
Unless this cookie is for Charlie Chaplin , that 's definitely a typo .
Maybe it was decorated by the same baker as the last one ?
Your vs. You 're Who would n't want to be told they 're awesome on Valentine 's Day ?
Of course , whoever created this gem sure is n't .
What a Difference a Letter Can Make Oh , that just hurts .
Whoever typed up this lovely sentence probably should have checked twice before hitting print .
What the ... ?
Nice balloon !
Too bad when you read the whole thing you realize it does n't make much sense at all .
Mind the `` s '' This Valentine 's Day card says it all , including that the company that made it does n't believe in proofreading .
Does Size Matter ?
We do n't care how huge you are , you 're not getting any hugs if you ca n't spell a three-letter word correctly .
So on this Valentine 's Day , we want to let you know that Acrolinx has got your back .
To avoid blunders like these , try running your Valentine 's notes through our content optimization software so that you can avoid embarrassing mistakes and become the Romeo ( or Juliet ! )
you 've always wanted to be .
When it comes to producing content in multiple languages , machine translation is where it 's at .
That 's because it 's often a faster , more cost-effective process .
In fact , depending on the language and complexity of the content , machine translation can often result in between a 10 percent and a 100 percent increase in productivity .
That means greater efficiency and lower costs .
Of course , as with creating any document for translation , the trick to keeping your costs down is making sure that your source content is really good .
Fundamentally , the way that machine translation works is pretty simple .
Powerful machine translation engines ( think Moses or MS Hub ) churn through your content , rendering it into the foreign language of your choosing .
Once completed , human editors then assess the quality of the translation and complete any post-editing that 's required .
The better your source content , the better the machine translation will be .
That in turn means less time spent post-editing and a lower overall cost for the service .
That 's why it 's important to make sure that your content is written with translation ( and , let 's be honest , quality ) in mind .
Among other things , that means keeping your sentences short , avoiding jargon , using terminology consistently , and adhering to basic standards around grammar and style .
Not a big ask if you 're creating one piece of content .
If , however , you 're translating thousands of documents across offices , departments , and geographies , it 's no small feat .
To learn more about this topic , we recently invited Welocalize — one of the largest translation companies in the world responsible for translating 2.6 million words each day into 157 different languages — to lead one of our webinars .
During the presentation , speakers Olga Beregovaya ( Vice President Technology Solutions , Welocalize ) , Elaine O'Curran ( Program Manager , Language Tools , Welocalize ) , and Peter Beargie ( Senior Sales Engineer , Acrolinx ) explained machine translation and the valuable role that a content optimization platform like Acrolinx can play in helping you prepare your content for translation .
By watching the webinar , you 'll also learn the secrets to better machine translation .
Plus , you 'll hear some of the best practices from Welocalize 's latest research where they evaluated the impact of content optimization and pre-editing for machine translation across a wide range of source texts and styles .
You might just be surprised by the results .
To find out more , you can watch the full webinar by clicking here .
Editor 's Note : This post is based off of a presentation that Doug Kessler , Co-Founder and Creative Director at Velocity Partners , recently gave at Content Connections , Acrolinx 's online , virtual conference .
Held in November 2015 , the event attracted more than 2,000 content professionals from around the world .
Let me start this post with a quick story .
One of the things we like to do at Velocity Partners is take our team away for the weekend .
A recent trip had us going to Rome , and I was in charge of finding a restaurant for dinner .
After poking around on TripAdvisor , I identified and reached out to what I thought sounded like some promising options .
Of the restaurants that responded one really stood out , though not for the reasons you might think .
The woman who wrote me started off by pointing out why her restaurant might not be the ideal choice .
We were looking for a private room for the dinner , which she went to great lengths to explain she could n't really provide .
We needed some vegetarian options , which she was quick to point out was n't their specialty .
What I liked about the woman was that she was proactively being honest .
Really honest .
It caught my attention because it signaled two things to me .
First , she clearly did n't want us to be disappointed and was more concerned with our having a great time than making a quick buck .
The second thing was that I was convinced that anything positive she had to say about her restaurant — great seafood , an excellent wine list — had to be true .
If they were n't , she was so honest that she would have told me so .
As it turns out , I wound up choosing this restaurant and we went and had a great meal and a fantastic time .
It was her honesty that cinched the decision .
When Being Insanely Honest Can Be Insanely Smart The point of that story is that being honest is incredibly powerful .
To be clear , I 'm not talking about normal honesty ; you know , where you 're just ethical and professional .
I would hope that 's table stakes .
I 'm talking about being insanely honest , and that 's different .
Insane honesty is a choice , and once you 've made it you really have to go out of your way to do it .
That 's because you 've not only got to actively seek out your weaknesses , but also be prepared to share them openly .
It 's an odd thing for marketers and salespeople to think about , but we all should be .
After all , what could be better than signaling to your target audience that you care more about their success than your own short-term revenue ?
What could be more impactful than for your target audience to know that they can trust everything you say because you 've been upfront and honest about your weaknesses ?
It 's pretty powerful .
6 Reasons Why You Should Put Your Worst Foot Forward Of course , to reap the benefits of insane honesty , I think you 've got to take it a step further by baking it into your marketing and your content .
Put a spotlight on your weaknesses , and acknowledge what you do n't do well or who your product or service really is n't for .
In other words , I 'm advocating that you put your worst foot forward .
That sounds insane , right ?
Why would it possibly work ?
Here are six reasons : It surprises and charms .
People expect typical marketing , so when you use insane honesty you 're breaking that convention .
That gets their attention and , as we all know , attention is pretty much the gateway drug of content marketing .
It 's critically important and using the element of surprise that insane honesty provides is one of the best ways to get it .
Plus , it makes you more charming .
People do n't like braggarts , they like people who are self-effacing .
The same holds true for brands .
It signals mojo .
Mojo is a huge and totally undervalued force in marketing .
I see it as being a combination of confidence ( being good at what you do and knowing it ) , attitude ( having a point of view and being willing to take a stand ) , and energy ( being passionate and believing that what you 're writing matters ) .
Insane honestly gives your content the big injection of mojo that it needs .
It builds trust .
Trust is so important in marketing .
Yet when most of us see marketing , no matter what form it takes , our defenses immediately go up .
Fortunately , insane honesty provides the antidote to that problem .
It alienates your less likely buyers .
That may sound like a bad thing at first , but it 's actually not .
If you think about how expensive sales and marketing efforts are , particularly in B2B , alienating your less likely buyers is a good thing .
It means not having to waste time and budget on people who either are n't ever going to buy from you , or who will just be unhappy as soon as they do .
It attracts your ideal prospects .
An ideal prospect is someone who really values your strengths and does n't care about your weaknesses .
By being insanely honest , you 'll be much more likely to find those great customers .
It focuses you on battles you can win .
This last point is really a bit of summary of the ones above .
Being insanely honest means no longer trying to be all things to all people .
It 's about accepting who you are and recognizing that when you do so , those customers and prospects who you 're right for will see that you really are the best choice for them .
So my advice is to get out there and try being insanely honest .
Maybe you start internally just by writing it down and seeing what that feels like .
When you 're ready , try publishing it and see what happens .
They say honesty is the best policy and , when it comes to content marketing , nothing could be more true .
Editor 's note : This is the third post in a series about why CMOs need to become publishers .
We 've written it to highlight some of the key findings cited in a new report from Forbes entitled `` Publish or Perish : A CMO Roadmap for Managing , Systematizing and Optimizing the Marketing Content Supply Chain . ''
The previous post in this series was about why managing the growing cost and complexity of content operations is a critical business issue .
To produce , manage , and distribute content successfully at scale , marketers need to rethink their content operations and start acting like publishers themselves .
This , according to a new report from Forbes , is the only way that they can begin to reduce costs while also enhancing the performance of their publishing efforts .
Key to doing so , the report finds , is simplifying , streamlining , and automating their publishing processes as much as possible .
The good news is that many of the marketing executives consulted for the report are already actively trying to adopt or import business practices from the publishing and media industries .
They 're even setting up editorial management systems .
In fact , over 80 percent of the marketers surveyed report that they are working with their peers in sales , IT , HR , and finance to `` establish editorial organizations and systems to support the planning , governance and distribution of content . ''
Many marketers are also looking to other industries to find new ways to manage content operations .
Despite this progress , the report found that most marketing executives are n't taking enough steps to simplify and streamline their marketing operations .
For example , the majority of survey respondents report that they do not yet have the basic publishing systems , processes , skills , and structures in place to support the optimization of content at scale , including : An executive who owns the content process and is responsible for the business outcomes .
A universal taxonomy to effectively target and provide personalized experiences .
Systems and structures to ensure that customer conversations reinforce value messages .
A central content repository to manage and control content quality , compliance , and relevance .
A roadmap to ensure that the sales and marketing technology supports the end-to-end publishing process .
As a result of gaps like these , publishing remains a time- and resource-consuming challenge at many organizations .
Our Perspective To publish successfully at scale , you 've got to be well organized and have great processes , systems , and tools in place for every step along the way .
That starts with having the right platform to help you create great content , but also extends to other areas as well , such as content distribution and measurement .
Just to be clear , if you 're a small company with a finite number of content creators producing a small amount of content , you can probably get to better outcomes by simply developing and adhering to more efficient processes .
You can also create your own tools , such as company style guidelines , and rely on free ones like Buffer and Google Analytics to help you distribute and measure your content .
And that 's just the tip of the iceberg .
But , when you get to be a large organization — one with dozens or even hundreds of content creators working across a variety of geographies and languages — your challenges become exponentially more difficult , which is why you 'll need more sophisticated tools to support your efforts .
Yes , those tools are often expensive , but if you choose ones that truly provide value and that can help you become more streamlined and efficient , the return you 'll get on your investment will far exceed the costs .
Editor 's note : This is the second post in a series about why CMOs need to become publishers .
We 've written it to highlight some of the key findings cited in a new report from Forbes entitled `` Publish or Perish : A CMO Roadmap for Managing , Systematizing and Optimizing the Marketing Content Supply Chain . ''
The first post in this series was about why publishing has become essential to the growth of every business .
In Forbes 's recent report about the importance of publishing , it calls out the cost and complexity of content operations as one of the greatest challenges facing today 's marketing executives .
Underlying this challenge are a number of related issues such as managing the complexity , efficiency , and effectiveness of content operations at scale .
To illustrate the severity of these issues , the report shares a number of interesting proof points about each , including : Complexity Inefficiency Ineffectiveness The average business has over 150 content contributors , many of which are n't under the direct control of the CMO .
Half of organizations do n't have a content owner and an editorial calendar in place to efficiently plan content .
Content discoverability is a big issue .
In fact , content is hard for salespeople to find in 61 % of organizations .
Accessing and managing content in many silos is a challenge .
Content fails to motivate customers to buy , to drive cross-sell or to challenge the customer mindset .
Most marketing assets do not support the buyer 's journey .
The report goes on to note that problems like these have `` become major business issues because they are increasing the cost of sales and hurting the ability of marketers to drive top-line growth from their investments in digital , social and mobile technologies and solution selling . ''
That in turn means that marketers will need to find ways to optimize their content operations and fundamentally shift the cost and complexity of producing and managing the volume and quality of marketing content needed to support modern sales and marketing programs .
Our Two Cents There 's really no arguing with the fact that creating content at scale is n't easy .
All the more so when you 're trying to do so for a global audience while also ensuring that your content is consistent , of the highest quality , and that it accurately reflects your company 's style , tone of voice , and brand standards .
Solving challenges like these are n't easy , but the good news is that there are valuable tools and resources out there that can really help .
Whether it 's developing your content strategy , picking the right keywords for search , optimizing your content so that it 's clear and consistent , distributing your content to the right people at the right times , or analyzing the impact your content is having , there 's no shortage of great tools out there to support your efforts .
The key , of course , is being strategic in your use of those tools and platforms .
Most of us have tight budgets to work within and that means making smart choices by identifying those tools and platforms that are going to give you the greatest bang for your buck .
But it 's not just about money .
It 's also about figuring out which tools add real value to your operation by either making it more efficient , giving you a better end product , or allowing you to achieve more .
The best tools do a combination of all three .
So while we acknowledge that there absolutely is growing pressure thanks to managing the cost and complexity of content operations , the upside is that there are more resources available now than ever before to help you address them .
Editor 's Note : This post is based off of a presentation that award-winning author and speaker Andrew Davis , recently gave at Content Connections , Acrolinx 's online , virtual conference .
Held in November 2015 , the event attracted more than 2,000 content professionals from around the world .
If you think about it , we marketers are all addicts .
We 're constantly looking to get high and have a serious addiction to spikes .
You know what I mean .
Every time you publish a piece of content , what 's the first thing you do ?
You jump into your analytics tool to see how it performed , hoping that it has gotten more traffic and created a bigger peak than your last piece did .
That 's because every time we see a spike , we get a rush .
It 's like a hit of adrenaline and , before you know it , we 're taking screenshots of those peaks to share with everyone else in the office .
Not only that , since we crave spikes so much , we usually do everything we can to try to make them happen .
Usually that means promoting new pieces of content immediately with little , if any , thought to the distribution strategy behind it .
Unfortunately , a few days after most spikes things usually crash .
And , when they do , we 're left wondering how we 're going to get the next spike and what we can do to make sure that it 's even bigger than the last .
It 's a classic cycle of addiction , and I 'm here to tell you that we 've got to break it .
Consider this your intervention .
In this post , I 'm going to challenge many of the traditional ideas that most of you have about how to distribute content .
Getting High : What We Can Learn from WestJet The first step to recovery is to show you what addiction really looks like .
So let 's spend a minute talking about a Canadian airline company called WestJet , that 's been caught in a cycle of addiction for quite some time .
They 're always chasing new highs .
If you look at their YouTube channel , you 'll see that they 've made hundreds of videos .
They 've got April Fool 's videos and rap videos , Christmas videos and flash mob videos .
Really anything you can think of to build their brand and connect with customers .
Some of their videos are really good and have led them to amazing highs .
Their 2013 Christmas video , for example , has been viewed more than 40 million times .
Pretty spectacular , right ?
The problem is , after each high is over , their traffic just sinks back down to where it was before , rather than growing steadily over time .
They 're not building their community or brand long-term , they 're just creating periodic spikes with their great videos .
While I 'm sure we 'd all envy the success of some of those videos , I do n't think they 're taking the right approach by living from peak to peak .
Change Your Mindset for Longer-Lasting Success The challenge that WestJet and so many others are facing is n't a question of their content ( again , in WestJet 's case it 's really good ) .
Instead , it 's a distribution issue .
All too often , today 's content marketers use what I like to call a `` puke everywhere '' distribution strategy .
In other words , they post their content anywhere and everywhere , all in one big pukefest , without stopping to consider if there might be a better way .
As marketers we spend so much time creating our content , and yet so little refining our distribution strategy .
I think we need to make some changes .
After all , is increasing the number of spikes that we get really the name of the game ?
I do n't think so .
If you want to be a great marketer , you should n't be measuring your success by the height of your peaks , but rather by the depth of your valleys .
This is what I like to refer to as the content marketing success paradox .
You 've got to stop worrying about spikes and instead strive to elevate your valleys .
In other words , your goal should always be to make sure that your next valley is n't as low as your last one was .
That 's how you build an audience over time .
A More Strategic Approach to Content Distribution To achieve higher valleys , you 've got to be strategic .
That means stop making noise and instead start building momentum .
Once you do , you 'll find that you can get bigger , better results , even when you produce less content .
One company that has really mastered this is TripAdvisor .
They publish a lot of content , the most notable of which is their annual Travelers ' Choice Awards , where they list off the best of all things related to travel .
The best hotels and resorts , the best destinations and beaches — you get the idea .
Every year when the Travelers ' Choice Awards are announced , TripAdvisor e-mails the news to all of its subscribers .
They post about it on social media .
They buy ads and they write press releases .
Now at first glance their distribution might look a lot like the puke strategy I mentioned before , but it 's not .
That 's because building momentum has very little to do with where you distribute your content and everything to do with when you do so .
TripAdvisor knows that the key to building social momentum is to promote your content over time , using one channel at a time .
I like to think of it as following the social momentum curve , where you use one channel to grow , and then after you 've reached a plateau and started to slow , you go on to the next .
The chart below explains this really well .
The idea is that you start with one-to-one communication with the folks in your e-mail database .
Those are your followers who are part of your loyalty loop .
Once you grow , plateau , and slow , you move on to social media , which is one-to-a-few communication .
After you grow , plateau , and slow you then move on to paid promotion , which is a few-to-new communication .
Finally , once you grow , plateau , and slow there , it 's time for PR , which is new-to-news communication .
This is a strategic approach to delivering content over time .
The whole idea behind it is to build momentum with one audience and then use that to fuel further momentum with the next .
What this does is create social proof .
If you 're not familiar with it , that 's the psychological term for when people assume the actions of others in an attempt to reflect correct behavior for a given social situation .
In the online world , social proof boils down to this : You 're much more likely to consume and share content that 's already been widely consumed and shared .
So when you build momentum with one channel , before moving on to the next , you get a greater overall effect .
The Bottom Line Content marketers expend enough energy creating content .
It 's time we shift our attention to understanding how our content is consumed .
I encourage you to spend less time worrying about where you distribute your content and more thinking about when your content is consumed and how .
Stop chasing the highs and start building momentum .
Strive for valley elevation , not an endless stream of higher and higher peaks .
You 'll get better results and wo n't have to create nearly as much content to do so .
That 's a win-win in my book .
Editor 's Note : This post is based off of a presentation that Val Swisher , CEO of Content Rules , recently gave at Content Connections , Acrolinx 's online , virtual conference .
Held in November 2015 , the event attracted more than 2,000 content professionals from around the world .
Content optimization is about making sure that your content is performing at its best .
At a time when content is more important than ever before — and companies are creating more of it , often in multiple languages — ensuring that it 's optimized is essential .
That 's because when you optimize your content you can increase its quality and consistency , while decreasing the costs associated with creating it .
Not only that , you can improve your time-to-market .
All of that is true whether we 're talking about marketing content , technical content , or both .
It 's also true whether you 're dealing with just a single source language or a source language and translations .
In my experience , there are four stages that companies go through as they become more experienced at content optimization .
Together , those four stages make up the content optimization maturity model that you see below : Let 's break that maturity model down and talk about what it means to crawl , walk , run , and ultimately dance .
Crawling When you 're crawling your content is n't optimized , at least not in any formalized sense .
Any optimization that does occur happens by way of tribal knowledge .
Everyone sort of knows the rules and , should any doubt arise , you 'll see people whispering over cubicle walls , each weighing in on what the best course of action might be .
They may even do peer reviews of each other 's work from time to time .
The problem is that nothing is written down .
There 's no documented information about what style and tone of voice they should be using , what words are or are n't acceptable , or any other brand guidelines .
As a result , all of that knowledge is n't scalable , dependable , or transferrable , which can lead to numerous other problems .
For example , the quality and consistency can go down , which will only serve to confuse readers and degrade your brand .
In the process , you 're also likely to increase time-to-market and translation costs .
Plus , if you 're into intelligent content , you 'll find that you have mismatched assets because your components have n't been standardized .
It 's bad news all around because crawling just does n't work as an optimization strategy .
Walking Most of the companies I work with come to me when they 're at this stage .
When you 're walking , you 've gotten a bit better because by now your styles and brand preferences are documented .
You have style and brand guidelines , and maybe even a list of the terms that you do and do n't use .
Importantly , since it 's documented , all of this information is no longer merely tribal knowledge that lives in a handful of people 's heads .
The problem , however , is that since you 're using rudimentary tools like Word and Excel to capture all of this information , people have to actively pull it when they need it ( usually from a PDF on a server somewhere ) , which they never do .
The hard truth is that no one ever reads or consults your guidelines because they just do n't have the time .
And , even worse , you 've got no way to enforce it .
As a result , when you reach the point where you 're walking , you 'll soon discover that you 're probably walking in circles .
You 've invested a lot of time and money to get where you are , with people working to create your documented guidelines , but they never get used .
And , since they rarely if ever get updated , they 're often outdated .
The bottom line is that despite having invested time and money , you effectively still have all the same problems you had when you were crawling .
Running This is where you want to be .
When you 're running , you 're actually using powerful tools , which allow you to start enforcing your style and terminology programmatically .
Rather than have a style guide in a PDF that people have to pull from , you instead use a tool that pushes that style and terminology out to your content creators .
That allows you to easily enforce style , terminology , and tone of voice preferences across your entire enterprise .
The great thing about running is that you can create optimized content at scale because you can push all of these guidelines out to content creators no matter where they sit in your organization .
And that 's when you start reaping the benefits .
You 'll have better , higher-quality content .
You 'll decrease time-to-market and translation costs .
And you 'll ensure greater brand consistency and cohesion .
Put another way , you 'll be able to do things better , cheaper , and faster , which is exactly what your goal should be .
Dancing The last step is dancing , which I like to think of as the missing piece in the content optimization pyramid .
It 's also relatively new since it 's really only in the past few months that the technology has existed to make dancing with our content possible .
So what do I mean by dancing ?
It 's when the terms and segments in your content match what 's in your translation memory .
Let me explain .
Big companies that create content in lots of different languages usually have a translation memory — a database that stores your source content and any corresponding translations .
Every time you send a new piece of content to be translated , it 's checked against the database to see if any of it — individual words and terms , whole phrases , etc. , — have already been translated before and are therefore stored in your translation memory .
If there are any , they 're pulled out and reused , saving time and reducing translation costs considerably .
When you 're dancing , you 're marrying what 's been translated upstream to what your content creators are doing downstream .
Effectively , you 're trying to integrate your translation memory with your writing so that when you send your new content out to be translated , you know that much of it can be pulled from your translation memory .
To do this you need the right tools , including a database to house your translation memory and yet another system that actively pushes terminology to content creators .
For any company that 's creating content in multiple languages , dancing should really be the end goal of content optimization .
That way , not only is your English content optimized , but also all of your translations .
Making Your Way Through the Content Optimization Maturity Model Each level of the content optimization maturity model is more complex than the one before it .
Going from one to the next takes greater and greater investments in time and money .
Nevertheless , you 'll find that the results you get from doing so — better content , cheaper translations , faster time-to-market — are more than worth the effort .
Editor 's note : This is the first post in a series about why CMOs need to become publishers .
We 've written it to highlight some of the key findings cited in a new report from Forbes entitled `` Publish or Perish : A CMO Roadmap for Managing , Systematizing and Optimizing the Marketing Content Supply Chain . ''
To learn more about the report and this series , check out this foundational post .
One of the fundamental takeaways from Forbes 's recent report is that publishing is essential for business growth .
We could n't agree more .
As it turns out , neither could many of the more than 360 marketing executives Forbes surveyed as part of its research .
In fact , 96 percent of them agreed that `` the quality and structure of their marketing content is essential to achieving their growth goals and increasingly defines the job of the CMO . ''
Not only that , more than 70 percent also noted that the `` effectiveness of their marketing content directly impacts their ability to drive top-line growth with digital , social and mobile technologies and supports core branding , demand generation and value-selling programs . ''
That 's a lot to take in , but what it all boils down to is this : CMOs need to become publishers if they want to succeed .
According to the report , that 's because publishing : Accelerates growth by fueling modern sales and marketing programs along with sales , marketing , and media campaigns .
Increases speed and agility by streamlining the process for creating and delivering insights and offerings to customers .
Increases ROI on marketing technology ; sales enablement ; and earned , owned , and paid media investments .
Reduces the time , hassle , and complexity of managing content operations at scale .
Delivers personalized customer experiences , valuable conversations , and engaging entertainment through high-quality , well-organized content .
Here at Acrolinx , we 'd expand on that last point to talk about the critical role that content has to play in building relationships with your customers .
As your main touchpoint with them , it 's what personifies your brand and allows you to not only stand out from your competitors but also build a connection to your customers .
That alone makes publishing essential .
How Marketing Content Impacts Growth A major theme that the Forbes report covers is that marketing content can positively impact a company 's growth .
In fact , when marketing executives were asked how it achieves this , they cited a number of critical functions that it plays as illustrated below .
From brand enhancement and greater sales effectiveness to communicating value and reducing costs , marketing content is the raw material needed to fuel a variety of strategies , tactics , and approaches .
We absolutely agree , though we respectfully point out that there 's a broader view to be taken here .
Beyond Marketing Content While the Forbes report is focused exclusively on marketing content , the reality is that all of the customer-facing content that a company produces has a role to play in driving growth .
That includes content from other teams such as techdocs , product , customer service , and sales .
That 's because all of this content lives online and is therefore only a few clicks away from prospects and customers .
For CMOs , this is both good and bad news .
On the positive side , it means that they have access to a much greater supply of content to help them grow the business .
The challenge , however , is aligning all of those efforts across multiple departments , while also ensuring the quality and consistency of the content .
Yet , it 's the CMOs who pull it off by creating company-wide publishing operations , rather than simply marketing-focused ones , who stand to reap the greatest benefits by creating holistic , unified experiences for everyone who engages with their brand .
So CMOs , take note !
Publishing is essential .
We 've long been talking about it and are delighted to have the support of Forbes 's latest research to help us make that point .
Editor 's Note : This post is based off of a presentation that Ann Handley , Chief Content Officer at MarketingProfs , recently gave at Content Connections , Acrolinx 's online , virtual conference .
Held in November 2015 , the event attracted more than 2,000 content professionals from around the world .
I 'm a big believer in the importance of creating quality content .
But sometimes I wonder if that belief is at odds with the basic need so many marketers have for quantity .
After all , no matter how good your content is , you usually need a lot of it to generate leads and fill your pipeline .
The problem , of course , is that when you hit the gas on content creation , the quality usually takes a nosedive as a result .
But does that mean that quality and quantity are mutually exclusive ?
Of course not .
They can absolutely coexist .
And good content can scale , provided that you 've got the basics right .
I 'm talking about things like being bigger , braver , and bolder — three points that I 'll explain in more detail in just a minute .
They all help address what I see as the biggest missed opportunity in content marketing right now : most people play it too safe .
At a time when there 's so much content and noise , playing it safe makes it really difficult to cut through and stand out .
And standing out is exactly what you need to do .
That does n't mean creating more content ( though you will need a lot of it ) , but rather creating better content that people find engaging and actually want .
And that means striving to be bigger , braver , and bolder .
Let me explain .
1 ) Creating bigger stories Bigger stories often have bigger impact .
To make yours bigger , you have to put your product or service into the context of the lives of the people you 're serving .
Remember it 's not about you , it 's about what you do for others and why they should do business with you .
The most effective way to do this is to think about how you can use your story to convert people to your tribe , so that they become interested in you and what you 're all about .
One company that does this really well is Blue Bottle Coffee .
Although I was familiar with their brand , what piqued my interest about these California-based coffee makers was that they had produced an online course on Skillshare about how to create an amazing cup of coffee .
While I admit that I was pretty skeptical about taking an hour-long class about something I was pretty sure I knew how to do , I signed up .
As it turns out , I learned a lot and wound up buying some of their coffee .
What Blue Bottle is doing with its course is telling a bigger story by converting people into their tribe .
They 're providing highly informative , valuable content that makes their customers smarter .
I 'm not talking about basic , run-of-the-mill stuff .
I mean really great content that taught me a lot that I did n't already know .
By teaching people why better coffee matters , it puts Blue Bottle into a bigger story , making folks like me not only feel smarter , but also like we 're part of something .
Of course , there are lots of way to get to create bigger stories besides creating a Skillshare .
Take MailChimp , for example , which has been giving away its style guide for quite some time .
You can download it , edit it , and use it anyway that you want — all for free .
MailChimp does this because its bigger story is that it wants to make the world a better place by making e-mail less annoying .
Well played , MailChimp .
Well played .
2 ) Embracing braver marketing The key to braver marketing is figuring out how to make people part of a tribe by creating content that they not only want , but that they also want to be part of .
I think that the best way to be braver is to tell braver stories .
One company that does this really well is Slack .
In case you do n't know them , Slack is a team communication tool that replaces things like project management tools , instant messaging , and to a certain extent even e-mail .
A few months back , they launched a podcast called `` The Slack Variety Pack . ''
Rather than focus on how great Slack is ( and if you have n't used it yet , trust me it is ) , the podcast covers a mix of business stories that are all about making work less worky .
It 's both serious and fun , kind of like `` This American Life '' meets `` The Office , '' which is why I think it 's bold and brave .
What I also like about the podcast is what we can learn from it as marketers and steal two great ideas .
The first is the importance of refining your point of view over time .
Slack has taken an iterative approach to its podcast , changing it up based both on listenership as well as the input that the producers get from an internal feedback loop .
That means they 're constantly improving the show .
The other great idea you should take from them is that they produce two versions of every show .
One is a half-hour version that gives the full program , while the other is a series of shorter segments sliced up from the original .
This is really smart because the shorter version , called `` Slack Single Serves , '' is much better suited to sharing for those people who do n't have time to listen to the full program .
So be brave and try new things .
You might just be pleasantly surprised with the results .
3 ) Becoming bolder with writing and tone of voice Imagine for a minute what would happen if you were to strip away all of the visuals from your company .
Logos gone .
Images gone .
Color scheme gone .
If all that you were left with was your content , would others still be able to recognize your brand ?
Would you ?
I think that for really great brands , the answer is yes .
They use a bold tone of voice that 's instantly recognizable to help not only engage their audience but also differentiate themselves from everyone else .
And it really pays off .
Your tone of voice is all about who you are , why you do what you do , and what you 're like to deal with .
In many ways , it 's your customers ' first indication of what they can expect when engaging with you .
Not only that , your tone of voice reflects your culture .
It amplifies your story .
And it communicates empathy with the people you 're trying to reach .
Want some examples ?
Check out the websites of companies like M+R Consulting and Chubbies Shorts .
They both have a very distinctive tone of voice that they use to attract like-minded people , while repelling the timid .
It really works .
Achieving Quantity without Losing Quality While quality should always be your first objective , it does n't have to come at the cost of quantity .
The key is making sure that you 've got the basics right .
That you 're telling a story , that you 're inviting people to be part of your tribe , and that you 're talking to them in a way that stands out and is memorable .
In short , it 's all about being big , brave , and bold .
If you can master that combination , you 'll find that you can create amazing content whether at scale or just one piece at a time .
At Acrolinx , our mission is pretty simple .
We want to help you create high-impact content that 's both on brand and on target .
To be on brand , your content has to use the right words and phrases , combined with the proper style and tone to accurately reflect your organization .
To be on target , that content has to be calibrated for your specific audience so that it resonates with them .
The way we achieve this is by providing our customers with both guidance and governance .
If you 've used Acrolinx before , you know that the guidance comes in the form of the feedback that the platform provides to help your writers create better content that 's aligned with your goals .
The governance part is the framework we provide so that you can do this at scale , while also gaining visibility into your content through scoring .
Behind all of this is an advanced linguistic analytics engine that we 've developed after more than 300 man-years of research and development .
That engine integrates with over 30 leading content authoring tools and contains thousands of rules for evaluating your content in terms of its style , terminology , grammar , and tone of voice .
Building on all of this , we 've got some pretty exciting plans for the year ahead .
Improvements Abound in 2016 We 've got a number of great enhancements planned for this year that will help to make Acrolinx an even more powerful and dynamic platform .
These include changes to our engine , guidance , and governance .
We 'll improve our linguistic analytics engine by : Enabling audience-based content checking .
We 'll be making your target audience the central concept for setting up your Acrolinx instance .
This will not only greatly simplify your user administration experience , but also make it easier to focus on your target audience with the specific style and tone of voice that best suits them .
Driving content consistency and reuse .
At many organizations , content is created in a highly fragmented fashion , both internally across lots of silos and externally using freelancers and agencies .
In 2016 , we 'll be improving our guidance to make it easier to create consistent content no matter where in or outside of your organization it 's happening .
Increasing language and tone of voice support .
Acrolinx currently supports six languages ( English , German , French , Swedish , Chinese , and Japanese ) .
In 2016 , we 'll be building out our support for Chinese and also adding Spanish to the mix .
We 'll also be enhancing our voice guidance capabilities in German and the other languages we support .
We 'll improve the guidance we offer by : Making it more accessible .
We 're changing the way Acrolinx provides feedback by making it friendly and engaging so that it 's more fun to use and easier to understand .
Providing targeted guidance for specific audiences .
In 2016 , Acrolinx will be able to provide greater guidance on the tone of voice , readability , and formality of your content that 's aligned with the targets you 've set for your intended audience .
Integrating third-party insights .
To give content creators even more insights right in their favorite content authoring tools , we 'll be developing integrations with lots of other tools and platforms to give you real-time access to things like keyword research .
We 'll improve the governance we offer by : Using scoring as a leading indicator of impact .
We believe that our analytics can be a leading indicator of how your content will perform in the market .
In 2016 , we 'll be announcing ways to connect Acrolinx to enterprise analytics packages such as Google Analytics , Adobe Analytics , Tableau , and other platforms so that you can get a better overall understanding of how your content will perform before you ever publish it .
Scoring for business intelligence and workflow automation .
We know content workflows can be complex .
In 2016 , we 'll be rolling out deeper integrations with several of the leading marketing cloud platforms making it easier for you to optimize your content without changing how you work .
We 're very excited about what we have planned for 2016 and look forward to sharing these enhancements with you as they are ready .
Stay tuned for updates and , as always , thanks for your interest in what we 're doing .
Editor 's Note : This post is based off of a presentation that Steve Wright , Vice President of Digital Enterprise and Business Analytics at IBM , recently gave at Content Connections , Acrolinx 's online , virtual conference .
Held in November 2015 , the event attracted more than 2,000 content professionals from around the world .
IBM has one of the largest global content marketing initiatives in the world .
To give you a sense of just how big it is , consider that we 've got thousands of products and solutions supported with content created and used by hundreds of thousands of employees .
And with customers all over the globe , we create our content in nearly 100 different languages .
Orchestrating a content marketing program at that scale is a massive challenge .
Doing so in a way that ensures that we 're consistently speaking with one voice is even harder .
The key to managing all of this is having an effective content strategy .
At IBM , our strategy consists of five parts : 1 ) Personalization Personalization is about getting as close to our customers and prospects as possible so that we 're able to deliver customized content that 's relevant to them in a dynamic way .
In other words , we know that if you 're a database administrator in Vietnam or South Africa , you 're going to be looking for content that 's very different to a VP of Risk in London or New York .
Our goal is to make sure that the experience we create for our end users is always tailored for their specific needs and experience .
Practically speaking , that means not only having a clear overview of all of the different content we have at our disposal — white papers , videos , technical content , event-based content , etc .
— but also know knowing how that maps to specific end users .
To do that , we need to learn as much as we can about our prospects and customers , including what they 're focused on , what they 're buying patterns are , and what search mechanisms they use .
All of that information gets combined into personas that we then use to help personalize their experience .
2 ) Personas At IBM we have about 130 different personas at any given time .
They 're constantly evolving as we refine our understanding of our target audience .
For us , the key to creating really useful personas — ones that actually inform how we create our content — is to make sure that they are data driven .
We have a variety of touch points with our customers through our sales and marketing activities , which we use to gather that data .
I 'm talking about everything from the language they speak and the geographic location that they 're in , to what their buying behaviors look like and where in the buying process they currently are .
Data is the key to making really rich personas and to knowing that you 're segmenting your target audience correctly .
It 's also essential for giving our content creators guidance about how they should be writing to best engage a particular part of that audience .
3 ) Path Prospects and customers are always on a journey down the path to purchase .
Our job is to make sure that we 've got the right content at every step of that path to help propel them further along .
To do so , we not only need to know who our customers are , but also what their individual journeys look like and how they go from recognizing they have a need to gathering information to making a purchasing decision .
Providing the right content at the right points in time is an ongoing process .
At IBM , the way that we approach this is by mapping out individual buyer personas with their corresponding customer journeys .
We then use a rules-based engine to deliver the appropriate content at what we believe are close to the best times as possible .
4 ) Process Next we come to process , which is critical for us as we 're constantly assembling content on the fly to meet the unique and often highly specific needs of our customers .
To do this , we 've created an approach that we call content as a service , whereby we pull content from various repositories across IBM , assemble it together to meet particular criteria , format it , and then deliver it to whoever needs it .
It 's a sophisticated process , but one that has allowed us to gain tremendous operational efficiencies so that we can create content quickly and cost-effectively .
5 ) Performance Last but not least is performance .
Our overarching goal is to always deliver an optimized customer experience .
To help ensure that happens , we embed KPIs into our activities and take care to track web activity and to try to glean insights from the metrics .
This allows us to identify opportunities to improve so that we 're constantly optimizing our content and our sites .
We 've learned , for example , that the more we personalize our content the more engagement we get .
In fact , with the right personalization , we 've consistently been able to double our engagement , which in turn helps drive sales .
For us , it 's also been important to have a clear understanding of what success looks like , to ensure that we 're all looking at and talking in terms of the same metrics , and to have the ability to roll those metrics up into a dashboard that we can share with senior management .
Our metrics are our bread and butter .
They 're what we use on a regular basis to demonstrate the value we 're providing , so they 're truly essential .
So there you have it .
Personalization , personas , path , process , and performance — the five Ps as we like to call them — are what form the basis of our content strategy at IBM .
They 've allowed us to run a highly successful content marketing program at massive scale , though I 'm confident the same principles apply no matter what size your organization may be .
Everywhere you look these days there 's a new headline telling you about how the race for the White House is heating up .
Between the name calling and the grandstanding , it almost seems like a reality TV show playing out before our eyes .
Here at Acrolinx , we 're not in the business of being political and do n't intend to start .
But , being the language geeks that we are , we could n't resist the opportunity to offer a unique perspective on the election .
It started , as most things do , when one of us asked a simple question : What , if anything , can we learn about the candidates by studying their official campaign websites ?
To be clear , we 're not talking about the merits of their ideas or the practicalities of their plans .
You can judge that stuff for yourself .
What we 're interested in is the quality of their content .
As a portal for presenting themselves to the world , their websites are critically important .
And , while we understand that the candidates have n't authored the content themselves , the language being used and how well it 's written still very much reflects who they are .
So we pointed our linguistic analytics engine at the official websites of each of the top five candidates : berniesanders.com , donaldjtrump.com , hillaryclinton.com , marcorubio.com , and tedcruz.org .
All told we analyzed more than 954,000 words spanning over 2,200 individual web pages .
Our findings below also include some general information about the sites that you may or may not have known .
No matter what your political views may be , these five takeaways offer some interesting new perspectives on the candidates .
1 ) Clinton and Trump Have More to Say Than Anyone Else Maybe it 's just a coincidence , but the two candidates who 've said the most on their websites also happen to be the current front-runners .
At 255,962 words , Trump 's website is loaded up with far more content than any of his Republican competitors .
More than double the amount of content on Cruz 's site and nearly so relative to Rubio 's .
Meanwhile , with a whopping 286,601 words , Clinton has the most to say of all .
To put that into perspective , her website contains more words than the first three Harry Potter books combined .
Whether Trump and Clinton are more passionate , or just long-winded , and whether Cruz and Rubio are succinct or just short on ideas is for you to decide .
For his part , Sanders seems to have taken the middle ground , not wanting to say too much or too little .
Maybe 171,507 words is just right ?
2 ) There Are n't Any Content Rock Stars in the House , but Rubio Comes Closest So when it comes to overall content quality , none of the candidates exactly blew our minds .
And that 's not a politically motivated statement , it 's just the truth .
We score content quality using a 100-point scale , where the higher the score , the better the quality of the content .
When our software analyzes content quality , it 's specifically looking for grammar , spelling , style , and terminology usage issues .
The more issues it detects , the lower the overall score the content earns .
( By the way , if you want to know all of the geeky details , you can find them here . )
While what constitutes a good score is subjective based on individual preferences , in our experience 80 is the threshold for good content quality .
As you can see , when we scored the candidates ' websites , they all earned scores well below that .
Having said that , if content quality is any indication of the strength of a candidate , then Rubio is the best man for the job .
He 's got the highest Acrolinx Score and therefore the highest quality content .
Of course , he 's also got far less content than some of his competitors , which could explain why .
After all , consistently creating great content at scale is n't easy unless you 've got the right tools to help you .
3 ) Only 3 Candidates Offer Meaningful Spanish Language Content Given that there are more than 41 million native Spanish speakers in the United States ( second only to Mexico ) , it 's interesting that only three of the five top candidates have Spanish language content prominently placed on their sites .
Clinton , Cruz , and Sanders are all trying to appeal to this demographic on some level and their bilingual sites reflect that .
Meanwhile Trump and Rubio 's sites do not .
Rubio does have a couple of Spanish language pages , but not many and they 're not easy to find .
Maybe he and Trump do n't care about these voters , at least not enough to target them with content in their native language .
Or maybe they just need some tips on how to pick the right localization vendors .
( No worries , we 've got you covered guys : this post is for you ) .
4 ) Trump and Rubio Have the Most Readable and Lively Content The story does n't end with content quality .
Acrolinx also scores content around a variety of other dimensions , including its readability and liveliness .
These are two elements of writing that make content more engaging and enjoyable to read .
They 're among the things that differentiate good writing from great writing .
Interestingly enough , here too Rubio sweeps with the best overall scores , followed closely by Trump .
Their content is the easiest to read and arguably the most engaging .
Cruz , by contrast , has the worst performing content across these dimensions with scores that are considerably lower than all of his competitors .
Sure he could have been writing that way intentionally , but why would you ?
Meanwhile Clinton and Sanders are middle of the pack .
5 ) Sanders and Cruz Have the Most Formal Content When it comes to writing in a way that speaks to people , the formality of your content matters .
If you 're too formal you risk sounding like a stodgy institution .
If you 're too informal you can also alienate your audience .
Here we see that Rubio and Trump have the most informal content while Sanders and Cruz 's content is the most formal .
It 's not the 1950s gentlemen ; you might want to loosen up a bit !
Who Are You Going to Choose ?
If the race for the White House were decided based on content , we 'd have a field of lackluster candidates , but a clear winner in Marco Rubio .
He 's got the best content overall , even if there is n't very much of it relative to his competitors .
Fortunately , in the real world there are plenty of other factors that influence our decisions ( for another website related one , check out this interesting post from Slate ) .
Nevertheless , as you weigh your options over the course of this election , remember to be critical of the details .
The quality of a candidate 's website content may seem trivial , but it could very well be an early indication ( or warning sign ) of many factors , including the person 's attention to detail , ability to connect with his or her audience , and overall style .
May the best man , or woman , win .
With data privacy a regular topic in the news these days , it 's a wonder that companies do n't do more to ensure that their policies are easy to understand .
After all , given the amount of scrutiny of late thanks to high-profile security breaches like those at Target , Ashley Madison , and Sony , would n't you want to ensure greater transparency and clarity for your customers when it comes to what you 're doing with their data ?
Admittedly , most of us never take the time to actually read privacy policies .
Since we often just blindly accept them and move on , you may assume how well written they are really does n't matter .
But as people become increasingly sensitive to data privacy issues that may well change .
If it does , chances are that most people will be disappointed with what they find .
That 's because privacy policies are often dense , full of legalese , and incredibly difficult to make sense of , though there are some exceptions .
In an August 2015 study , TIME teamed up with the Center for Plain Language to rank the privacy policies of seven well-known tech companies : Apple , Facebook , Google , LinkedIn , Lyft , Twitter , and Uber .
As part of the effort , a panel of judges reviewed the content by hand while running it through Acrolinx 's content optimization software for additional analysis .
The goal was to evaluate each company 's policies in terms of their : Organization , navigation , signposting , and information design , all of which facilitate comprehension at the highest level Sentence-level issues such as sentence structure , word choice , and tone of voice that help readers decode what the policies actually say The `` spirit '' of the law , which is an indication of how transparent the policies are If we hone in on that second point for a minute — the part about the language being used — the study looked at a number of familiar areas .
These included overall compliance with plain language guidelines ; the average number of issues identified per sentence ; the readability , informality , and liveliness of the writing ; and the average number of words per sentence .
All of these factors play an important role in determining how easy a piece of content is or is n't to read and understand .
As it turns out , the results of the study varied considerably from company to company .
So Who Came out on Top ?
The Results : 1 .
Google 2 .
Facebook 3 .
LinkedIn 4 .
Apple 5 .
Uber 6 .
Twitter 7 .
Lyft Once the analysis was done there were some clear results .
Google and Facebook performed best and were cited for having done a `` good job of communicating their privacy policies in a way that allows consumers to understand and make decisions , '' according to the study .
Meanwhile LinkedIn , Uber , and Apple wound up in the middle of the pack , having done some things better than others .
Bringing up the rear were Twitter and Lyft , which were both called out for doing a `` bad job of communicating their policies . ''
Their policies included long sentences , poor formatting , and a style that typifies legalese .
Why You Should Care No matter what your view on privacy policies may be — and to be honest , most of us probably have n't spent a lot of time formulating opinions about them — the reason we think this study is important is because it helps to reinforce just how much your language matters .
Brands that take the time to create content that 's engaging and easy to understand always get a better result with their target audience .
That 's true whether we 're talking about privacy policies like in this example , web copy , technical documentation , marketing collateral , or any other customer-facing content that you create .
So always take the time to ensure that your content is as well crafted as possible .
Not only will your customers appreciate it , you 'll also get better results with it .
Want to learn more about this study ?
You can access the full results here and the coverage in TIME here .
You can also learn more about writing in plain language in this blog post .
Next week we 're off to sunny Las Vegas .
While you might think we 're going to play the slots or to take in a couple of shows , we 've actually set our sights on something even better : the Intelligent Content Conference ( ICC ) .
If you 're not familiar with the ICC , it 's the only conference we 're aware of that 's all about content strategy .
You know , things such as scaling your content , harnessing the right technologies , repurposing and reusing content , and delivering it to the right people at just the right time .
According to the conference website , the goal of the three-day event is to help marketers move away from the typical copy and paste mentality and embrace a `` format-free , modular , and single-source approach to content creation and distribution . ''
Say what ?
The site goes on to explain : If you 're still hand-crafting content for each individual channel , device and audience segment , you 're doing it wrong .
More importantly , you 're locking your content up in silos , hiding it from those who need it .
And , you 're making it nearly impossible for those who want it to find it , to use it , to repurpose it , and to share it with others .
That 's a huge mistake .
It not only prevents you from reaching new audiences , but it also prevents you from becoming the lean , mean , content-producing machine you need to be in today 's hyper-connected global marketplace .
That 's a real mouthful .
Basically , this conference is all about being smarter with your content — whether you 're a marketer or in tech docs — and following the lead of pioneering companies such as Google , IBM , and Cisco Systems .
They and others have been real innovators when it comes to creating content that 's more intelligent and agile .
Content that 's not only valuable and compelling , but also engineered to attract , acquire , and engage a clearly defined target audience .
We 're proud to be a part of this event both as a sponsor and by having our very own Dr. Andrew Bredenkamp as a participant in a panel discussion .
His session , titled `` The Best Tools for Multi-Channel Publishing , '' will be held next Tuesday , March 8 .
If you 're interested in checking it out , here 's a brief description : Intelligent content projects are most commonly driven by the need to optimize content production — to produce more content , in more formats , with less effort and expense .
These multi-channel publishing projects are the low-hanging fruit of intelligent content strategy .
But , as organizations mature and intelligent content becomes the norm , capabilities expand .
Attend this problem-focused discussion of the top issues marketers face when considering a move to intelligent content .
Our panelists will discuss four of the biggest challenges marketers face today and suggest practical ways of overcoming them with technology .
Spoiler alert : Those big challenges are consumer expectations and consistency , scale and velocity , agile content development , and creating personalized content experiences .
So if you 're lucky enough to be in Vegas next week , stop by and check out Andrew 's panel .
As for the rest of you , we 'll be sharing the highlights from that discussion in a future blog post .
Stay tuned !
This week we 're excited to launch the latest edition of the Global Content Impact Index .
For this new report , we decided to mix things up .
Rather than analyze lots of different industries , we instead focused on manufacturing specifically .
Because the industry is rapidly adopting content marketing to help it overcome one of its greatest challenges : achieving growth at a time when the global economy is pretty uncertain .
Of course , to be successful at content marketing , manufacturers have to create high-quality content on a consistent basis .
We wanted to know if they were up to the task and decided to find out .
To do so , we pointed our linguistic analytics engine at the websites of 47 different global manufacturing companies .
We 're talking about companies that make everything from cars and car parts to healthcare products , machinery , and chemicals .
What the companies all have in common is that they 're large , global operations with $ 250 million or more in annual revenue .
Many , like Toyota , Caterpillar , and Bosch , are also household names .
All told , we analyzed 4,751 individual web pages as part of our research .
That 's more than half a million sentences and just over 4.2 million individual words .
Here are some of the highlights of what we learned about the manufacturing industry 's content : Quality varies considerably across the industry The companies we examined earned overall content impact scores ( a measure of how effective their content is ) of between 51.6 and 87.3 points .
To put that in perspective , we think of a score of 72.0 as the minimum that a piece of content needs to achieve to be effective .
With manufacturers earning such a wide range of scores , it 's clear to us that while some companies are creating great content , many are not .
Interestingly , although the industry as a whole earned an average content impact score of 70.1 , certain manufacturing specialties earned scores well below that .
Engineering and construction , for example , had an average score of 67.4 , while iron and steel came in at 66.9 , and chemicals below that at 64.6 .
Relative to some of the other industries we have studied , manufacturing is performing at the middle of the pack .
While on average it 's publishing higher quality content than say the retail , aerospace and defense , and insurance industries , it 's behind many others , including pharmaceuticals , oil and gas , and mining .
Quality is also highly inconsistent within individual companies In our experience , companies might be really good at creating high-quality content in one area ( say on their blog ) and not so good in another ( like in their product information ) .
The manufacturing industry is no exception .
Nearly three-quarters of the companies we looked at had inconsistent content quality across their sites , meaning that there was a variance of more than seven points between their best and worst content .
Take it from us , that 's a problem .
When the quality of your content is inconsistent , it can confuse visitors , degrade your brand , and ultimately turn off buyers .
One of the most telling findings of the report is that just one company had high-quality content appear consistently across its entire website .
Conversely , one in five companies not only had low-quality content , but also extreme levels of inconsistency .
We 're talking about a variance of 15 points or more between their best and worst content .
Not only that , the average content variance across the industry was 15.7 points , one of the highest of any we 've studied .
Where to from here ?
Although the manufacturing industry has largely embraced content marketing , when it comes to getting it right , many still have a long way to go in terms of the quality and consistency of their content .
Our latest report gives the blow-by-blow of how the industry is stacking up and outlines a clear solution to meet these challenges head-on .
To find out more , download the full report .
This week I got the dream job of my life .
Well , sort of ... My good friends at Acrolinx asked me to attend an event they 're sponsoring .
As soon as I heard the words I assumed they meant a conference , a roadshow , or some other kind of industry event .
Okay , I thought , mustering my enthusiasm , here we go .
As it turns out , they were actually inviting me to The Houston Livestock Show and Rodeo .
I mean , come on .
I know I 'm the Content Wrangler and all , but surely I 'm not the only one who sees the fun in bringing cowboys and content together .
Can I get a yee-haw ?
All right , so maybe you 're not as excited as I was .
Fine , though I honestly do n't know why .
After all , writing has a lot more to do with bull riding than you probably would have guessed .
Let me explain what I mean .
It 's a lot harder than it looks .
As a spectator sitting in the stands , it 's easy to think that riding a bull is a pretty straightforward proposition .
You get on and you do n't let go .
In reality , it 's a different story .
It takes experience , timing , and physical stamina to ride the buck successfully without getting thrown off .
Creating amazing content is no different .
Sure , everyone thinks they 're a great writer , but that 's just not true .
Finding the right words to express complex ideas in a way that 's easy to understand is really hard .
All the more so when you 've also got to worry about things like adopting the right style and tone of voice to make your content engaging .
So hats off to all the bull riders and writers .
They deserve our admiration .
You 've got to have the right equipment .
When you think of a rodeo , you probably imagine a cowboy .
You know , one wearing boots with spurs who 's got a lasso in his hand and ( depending on the event ) a saddle tucked under his arm .
These are n't just the components of an elaborate costume ; they all help the cowboy do his job .
The boots offer protection , the spurs help him maintain his balance , and the lasso is how he captures animals .
Of course , writers use tools too — some of which help ensure that their writing is accurate and on brand .
In small organizations , those tools might include a dictionary and thesaurus , or a company style guide .
At larger organizations where there are many writers creating content across departments , offices , and geographies , often that 's just not enough .
To create great content at scale , big companies generally need a content optimization platform to help them ensure quality and consistency .
Your lassoing skills matter .
Cowboys lasso animals , writers lasso words — to be honest , I 'm not sure who has the harder job .
In both cases , it 's all about trying to take something that 's totally wild ( whether it 's a calf or the English language ) and wrangle it into submission until it does what you want .
I 've never gone head to head with a bull calf before , but I know from experience just how hard it is to lasso the right words to create really compelling content .
As with any skill , it 's a matter of lots of practice .
As with bull riding , it also helps to never show any fear .
Individuals may shine , but it 's actually a team sport .
At the rodeo , the cowboys are the stars of the show .
But they could n't do their job if it were n't for all of the people who support them .
The rodeo clown is just one example .
While you may think of them as simply providing comic relief , they 're also there to protect riders thrown from the bull .
Without the clowns , there 'd be a lot more injured cowboys .
It 's the same with writing .
We tend to think of it as a job for one where the author gets all of the glory .
But often there are many people behind a good piece of content .
From writers and editors , to subject matter experts and graphic designers , it takes a small army to produce really great content .
It 's all about your score .
To win an event at the rodeo , you need to earn the highest score .
There are typically between two and four judges who score both the cowboys and the animals , awarding them between 1 and 25 points each .
The result is a score that can range from a low of 4 points to a high of 100 .
Since both cowboys and animals can have an off night , a low score ( typically 59 points ) can trigger an automatic re-ride option .
To ensure the quality of your writing , content scoring is also important .
It 's a great early indication of whether or not your content is well written enough to meet its potential and really have an impact .
According to Acrolinx , for example , any piece of content that earns a content impact score of less than 70 is n't likely to be very effective .
In fact , content with scores below that basically should trigger a re-ride… er… a re-write option .
So there you have it : Five truths about content coming to you live from The Houston Livestock Show and Rodeo .
I hope it has inspired you to dust off your cowboy boots , fire up your laptop , and get busy creating great content .
Now can I get that yee-haw ?
It 's hard to believe that it 's been 12 years since we launched Acrolinx 1.0 back in 2004 .
At that time , we had just recently emerged from the German Research Center for Artificial Intelligence with a bold vision of using artificial intelligence and our powerful linguistic analytics engine to help companies create amazing content .
Unfortunately , we were also rocking some pretty bad hairstyles back then .
Check out this fantastic photo to see for yourself .
Fast forward to 2016 and so much has changed .
Today we 're a company with offices in the US , Europe , and Asia .
Over the years we 've worked with hundreds of companies around the world , helping them create better content and to speak with one voice .
While our mission remains unchanged , our technology certainly has n't .
We 've made countless enhancements and improvements to our software since then to create the best possible platform to meet your needs .
And just as we 've updated our hairstyles , today we 're thrilled to unveil a new look and feel for our company .
Our new identity is more than just a pretty face .
Our new look represents our vision for the future .
For example , the fresh typeface in our new logo signifies our love of beautiful writing , while the blue arrow in the `` x '' symbolizes the momentum and singular direction we associate with speaking with one voice .
So since you 're already reading this post , why not take a moment to look around our newly revamped website .
Although it 's got a much more modern look , it 's still our repository for lots of great content written specifically for you .
From our eBooks and blog posts , to our reports and webinars , we remain committed to giving you the best ideas and insights for creating better content .
And stay tuned for some great new research that definitively proves the link between content quality and business results .
We 'll be publishing that very soon .
The past 12 years have been amazing .
We 've been humbled by how our technology has been adopted , and by you — our amazing customers , partners , and friends — who 've helped us out so much along the way .
Thanks for taking a moment to celebrate with us , and we look forward to many more years of working together with you !
Earlier this week , some of us at Acrolinx were out in San Francisco for the annual MarTech conference .
It 's a great event and if you have n't checked it out before you definitely should .
While we were there , we were pleasantly surprised to find out that we had won a Stackie , an award given to companies for how they visualize their marketing technology stack .
This year , we were honored to have been recognized alongside Connective DX , PitchBook , Delphic Digital , and Uberflip as a company that 's providing leadership within the marketing technology community .
To be considered for the award , companies have to submit a single slide that visually represents how they organize their marketing stack .
You can see what we submitted a bit later in this post and what the other winners put together here .
The purpose of the awards is to encourage companies to share their approach to marketing technology with the broader community so that everyone can learn and benefit from it .
While it may sound like we 're trying to toot our own horn here , the reality is that I 'm telling you about this because I think the award represents something really important .
The fact of the matter is that there are currently 3,874 unique martech companies out there ( you can see them all in this marketing technology landscape supergraphic published earlier this week ) .
While the massive growth in martech offerings is exciting — five years ago there were just 150 companies in this space — with so many different technologies to choose from , it 's virtually impossible for your average marketing team to know which ones are essential and which are n't .
We think that the Stackie Awards do the marketing community a real service by helping to cast a light on how some marketing teams are thinking about their stack and how others might .
With so much confusion in the martech space , there 's real value in that .
The fact is that back in 2012 when Gartner predicted that CMOs would soon spend more on technology than CIOs do , they were right .
That day has arrived and modern marketing teams are overwhelmed by all of the technology choices they have .
Our Customer-Centric , Content-Centric Approach to the Marketing Technology Stack Below you can see the Stackie that we submitted this year , that shows how we like to think about our martech stack here at Acrolinx : What makes our approach to marketing technology a bit unique is that we made our Stackie customer-centric by putting our customers at the top ( that 's the little guy in the blue circle ) .
We did so because we wanted to convey our stack as it relates to our customers .
After all , you guys are the North Star we use to orient all of our investments in marketing technology .
As you might expect , our Stackie is also heavily focused on technology that enables better content creation , including our own .
We 're not shy about the fact that Acrolinx is a critical part of our tech stack or that we believe that it should be a part of yours .
That 's because content is critical to the success of your business , and to do its job , your content has to be great .
That means that it has to be on-brand and have a voice that is uniquely yours .
That 's exactly what we offer with our platform .
Thank You , MarTech !
While we were excited and honored to win this award — really , what 's not to love about being presented with a beautiful glass trophy presented in front of 2,000 peers — we 're even more excited about what this award represents .
In our view , it showcases the importance of remaining focused on your customers when making technology choices , and it signals the coming of age for content optimization technologies like Acrolinx .
If you 'd like to learn more about our Stackie talk or about where Acrolinx can fit into your tech stack , send me a note at steve.rotter @ acrolinx.com .
I recently had the opportunity to participate in a panel discussion at the Intelligent Content Conference held in Las Vegas earlier this month .
Joining me on the panel were several diverse content experts , including Arjé Cahn ( CTO and Co-Founder of Hippo ) , Josh Manton ( the CEO and Chief Software Architect at Kanban Solutions ) , and Greg Marlin ( Founder and CEO of Marketing.AI ) .
Serving as moderator was Tim Walters , the Co-Founder and Principal Analyst at Digital Clarity Group .
As a group we discussed intelligent content from various angles , including consumer expectations and consistency , scale and velocity , content development agility , and personalized content experiences .
Below I 've summarized some of the key takeaways from the session .
Moving to an intelligent content framework is a business imperative .
That 's because it 's essential to ensure that all your company 's content — no matter where in the organization it comes from — is aligned .
If it 's not , but your competitors ' content is , you 're going to be in big trouble .
Content consistency is critical .
Customers can interact with a brand in many different ways through various platforms and devices .
If your content and messaging are n't consistent from one touch point to the next , your customers may begin to question your brand 's authority .
Demonstrating that you 're a trusted authority means acting like it .
As brands lose control of the conversations that they used to have ( typically as a monologue with their customers ) , they 're increasingly being forced to show that they 're a trusted authority .
To do so they need to act the part , which is what 's driving the need for consistency across channels .
Every piece of content is an opportunity to either add or subtract from your brand equity .
If your content is n't working hard for you by accurately and consistently representing your brand voice , it can do more harm than good .
That 's why it 's so important to pay attention to the quality of your content .
More and more companies are adopting a conversational tone .
Rigid , impersonal corporate speak has fallen out of favor .
Today 's customers want to be treated like real people .
For this to work , companies need to make sure that they 're using a conversational tone in all their customer-facing content — not just the stuff that comes from marketing .
Achieving scale takes more than project management tools and spreadsheets .
You need a strategy in place that focuses you on the right themes and messages , and then a structure that aligns with your strategy and incorporates the workflows you need to drive execution .
The key is making sure that your structure is as simple as possible , and then iterating upon it until you get it right .
Your content needs to be flexible .
Content can come from and get used with many different systems and platforms .
That means you need to create your content with various potential uses and ways of storing it in mind .
To do this , you need to have the right workflows and processes in place .
Agility is n't about producing more content .
It 's about producing better content in smarter ways .
For example , you might use Agile practices and wind up publishing less content .
However , thanks to those practices , the content might be more responsive and customer-centric than it would have been otherwise .
You ca n't measure content marketing ROI in weeks or months .
Remember , content marketing is a marathon and not a sprint .
You measure results in years , which means that you 've got to have a real vision for the long haul .
Content marketing done right is getting everyone in your organization involved .
To make that possible , you 've got to get buy-in by broadly communicating the value of content marketing .
When it becomes a company-wide priority , it will be much easier to get everyone on board and aligned .
Personas are the key to personalization .
They 're useful ways of grouping people by interests , needs , and desires .
Doing so then allows you to think about how to engage those specific groups , what stories you need to tell them , and what language you need to use to get and keep their attention .
I hope these takeaways are useful .
It was certainly a very interesting and lively discussion , and one that I was honored to be a part of .
If it 's not already on your radar , make sure to keep an eye out for details about next year 's Intelligent Content Conference .
April Fools ' Day is the one day each year when you 're allowed to play tricks on people and make them feel , well , a bit foolish .
But you do n't have to have your bed short sheeted or fall for someone 's tall tale to be an April Fool .
Simply being sloppy and not taking the time to carefully proof your content is all that it takes .
Of course , in some cases , such as Dan Quayle 's infamous `` potatoe '' snafu back in 1992 , it was n't a question of sloppiness , but rather of being misinformed .
In others , such as this 2012 Rachael Ray cover of Tails magazine , it was a practical joke .
A fake copy of the cover was created by removing some pretty important commas .
The result was a headline that read `` Rachael Ray finds inspiration in cooking her family and her dog . ''
Not surprisingly , with such a fascinating headline , the fake cover went viral overnight .
While typos are often good for a laugh , sometimes they 're not only really embarrassing but , worse yet , have serious consequences .
In fact , in one of our more notorious examples below , someone lost his job over one pretty major mistake .
So take a break from working for a minute , check out these 13 examples of terrible typos , and see if you can find them all .
While most are pretty easy to spot , a couple might take you a little longer .
If you get stuck , we 've included a key with the answers at the very bottom of this post .
Happy reeding reading !
1 ) This typo hits you right in the face .
Hopefully you 've got a napkin .
2 ) Looks like Stella Artois is n't so perfect after all .
3 ) This sign goes to show why punctuation matters .
4 ) No , but apparently whoever created this sign does .
5 ) This street in New York does n't instill much confidence in the city 's educational system .
6 ) This sign makes us question just how good their software actually is .
7 ) In the US presidential election of 2012 , the Romney campaign had an app that allowed you to apply an overlay to any photo you took .
This one was our favorite .
8 ) This graduation program contains an embarrassing mistake .
9 ) Unfortunately , so does the tweet the school sent out to offer its apology .
10 ) The government is n't immune to typos .
This training guide was circulated to staffers on Capitol Hill back in 2012 .
11 ) And , of course , TV is no exception either .
Looks like it 's going to be a hot week !
12 ) 1.5 million of these coins were created with this glaring typo .
Not surprisingly , the mistake cost the managing director of the Chilean Mint his job .
13 ) Tattoo fail .
The only thing worse than losing your job over a typo is having one on your arm for the rest of your life .
So on this April Fools ' Day , we at Acrolinx encourage you to take an extra close look at your content , show some appreciation for your copy editors and proofreaders , and , above all else , always , always , always make sure that your content is correct and accurate before you publish it .
Sound like too much trouble ?
Why did n't you say so ?
Our amazing platform can help .
Answer Key 1 ) Peeface should be preface 2 ) It 's should be its 3 ) There should n't be any periods in the text 4 ) Misteaks should be mistakes 5 ) Shcool should be school 6 ) Their should be they 're 7 ) Amercia should be America 8 ) Pubic should be public 9 ) Eggregious should be egregious 10 ) Traiing should be training 11 ) It was n't 700 degrees on Wednesday 12 ) Chiie should be Chile 13 ) Nohing should be nothing
Earlier this year we surveyed more than 600 professionals from around the country about a variety of topics , including their company 's content .
Among the people we surveyed were writers and editors , people who manage content teams , as well as individuals involved with localization , distribution , and other content-related roles .
Our goal was to gain some insights into how these content folks see the world .
Since there 's no single definition of what constitutes great content , we decided to start out by getting a sense of what they think matters most .
So we asked them to name the three factors that they view as most important when it comes to creating great content .
Here 's what they said : What we found particularly interesting is that the second most common response — cited by more than half of participants — was having content that 's clearly written and easy to understand .
The only more commonly cited response was ensuring that your content is valuable to your audience , which makes sense .
The best written content in the world is n't worth much if it 's not conveying useful information .
Other top responses also focused on the quality of writing from different angles , namely using an engaging style and tone of voice as well as making sure that your content is error-free .
While the quality of your writing clearly is n't the only factor that matters when it comes to creating great content , what these findings underscore is that high-quality writing is perceived to be very important .
Not exactly a shocking revelation , but wait — there 's more .
Next we wanted to measure how confident our survey respondents are about their company 's content , both in general ( taking all of the factors noted in the chart above into account ) and then specifically in terms of the quality of their writing ( taking just the three in red into consideration ) .
Most respondents are confident in the quality of their content overall , while slightly fewer feel the same level of confidence in the quality of their writing .
What 's interesting about this to us , however , is that it flies in the face of some other research we did last year .
When we published our Global Content Impact Index in 2015 , we found that 69 percent of the 340 global brands we studied were n't producing content that was up to par in terms of the quality of its writing .
While the respondents to this survey admittedly comprise a different group entirely , if the majority of the world 's top global brands have n't got their content right , it stands to reason that most everyone else does n't either .
You have to wonder whether or not these professionals ' perception of the quality of their writing ( and content overall ) really matches up with reality .
Further supporting that theory was the results to our last question .
We wanted to know what these professionals do to ensure the quality of their content .
The answer is that 56 percent of them are n't doing anything , or at least not enough .
That 's because they 're either only reviewing some of their content prior to publishing , are relying on their writers to adhere to corporate style guidelines ( which is difficult to ensure at scale ) , or they just do n't have a process in place to review and improve their content at all .
In our view , there 's a real disconnect here between perceived content quality and the safeguards that companies have in place to ensure that their content actually meets the mark .
That 's a problem because content quality really matters .
In fact , it can have an exponential impact on business results .
That 's a topic that we 'll be diving into later this month in a brand new report we 're creating about content quality .
Stay tuned for all of the findings .
For anyone trying to add some meaningful research to their business case for why content matters , this report is going to be a must-read .
Albert Einstein once said that `` the hardest thing in the world to understand is the income tax . ''
Amen to that , Albert !
With the April 18 tax deadline looming , and many of us currently in the throes of tax preparation , it 's not hard to appreciate the irony of that statement .
Seriously , if one of the brightest minds the world has ever known found the federal tax code unwieldy , what are the rest of us non-geniuses supposed to make of it ?
Maybe doing your taxes does n't faze you because you 've got an accountant or use one of the online services such as TurboTax .
We do n't blame you if you do , but if that 's the case then you may not fully appreciate just how indecipherable the tax code actually is .
Sure , we all know that it 's supposed to be hard to follow , but what you might not understand is that it 's not just what the tax code says , but how it says it .
This doozy is a prime example : In case bond as provided in section 7324 ( 3 ) shall have been executed and the property returned before seizure thereof by virtue of process in the proceedings in rem authorized in subsection ( a ) of this section , the marshal shall give notice of pendency of proceedings in court to the parties executing said bond , by personal service or publication , and in such manner and form as the court may direct , and the court shall thereupon have jurisdiction of said matter and parties in the same manner as if such property had been seized by virtue of the process aforesaid .
We wish we could tell you what this monster of a sentence means ( and at 97 words it truly is a formidable beast ) , but frankly we have n't got a clue .
The writing is so convoluted and protracted that it just does n't make any sense .
And , unfortunately , gems like this one are n't the exception ; they 're the rule .
We know because we recently used our linguistic analytics engine to analyze the federal tax code .
Now before we get into what we discovered ( you must be bristling with anticipation !
) , we should acknowledge two things : Yes , this may well be the geekiest thing we 've ever done .
If you 'd like to invite us to your next cocktail party , just say the word .
There 's a limit to how much even we were willing to geek out on this … we only looked at 2,200 of the more than 74,000 pages of the code , which translates into 2,917,684 words spread across 208,185 sentences .
Okay , now that we 've got that off our chest , let 's move on to what we learned .
The juicy details are below , but the TL ; DR version can be summed up like this : If the IRS were in school , it would be flunking English .
Big time .
It 's not that the code is riddled with typos and bad grammar ( though there is some of that ) .
The real issue is that it 's virtually unreadable .
Both to Albert Einstein , and more importantly , to average taxpayers .
We know this because readability was one of the dimensions we looked at when we analyzed the tax code — informality and liveliness were the others .
Collectively , these are the factors that comprise our `` voice scores '' that , in our view , go beyond grammar and spelling to help differentiate average content from great content .
Admittedly , we did n't have high expectations for the content to be lively ( and with a score of 44.46 , it did n't disappoint ) or for it to be very informal ( it clocked in a 36.77 on our informality meter ) .
Fair enough , it is the tax code after all .
This is inherently dull , formal stuff .
But , we at least hoped the content would score well in terms of readability .
In retrospect , we based this wildly flawed assumption on the fact that , since the introduction of the Plain Writing Act of 2010 , the Federal Government has been mandated to start taking the quality of its content a lot more seriously .
( The Act basically says that all of the government 's public-facing content needs to be written so that it 's understandable . )
Not only that , a number of government departments , including the Treasury , appear to be making good progress .
( You can see the most recent annual report card created by the Center for Plain Language in this post . )
Yet the folks at the IRS seem to have missed the boat entirely .
Either that , or they 're as daunted as anyone would be by the prospect of turning 74,000 pages of gobbledygook into plain English .
( Pro tip : it would be an easier task if they boiled all of that content down into a more manageable number of pages … like , say , five . )
The fact is that the portion of the tax code we analyzed had an average readability score of 54 .
That 's a definite F. To put things into perspective , in 2015 we analyzed the content from 340 of the top brands in the world , looking at similar factors including readability .
If we compare all 340 companies ' readability scores to what the IRS has managed with the tax code , guess who comes in dead last ?
The bottom line is that even if you 've got a refund coming your way , doing your taxes is a drag .
The IRS has n't helped matters by creating a tax code that 's virtually incomprehensible .
We respectfully suggest using some of this year 's tax revenue to hire an army of editors to resolve this issue or , better yet , to start using Acrolinx .
Content is no laughing matter .
OK , well , at least not until you start cracking content jokes .
Today we 're taking a break from serious content issues to try to tickle your funny bone .
We 've rounded up some of our favorite content-related jokes and cartoons in this post to help brighten up your day .
Admittedly , you may roll your eyes at some of them , but hopefully there 's at least a few that put a smile on your face .
So without further ado , let the laughfest begin .
1 ) What 's the one writing rule that you should always remember ?
That double negatives are a no , no .
2 ) What kind of word should you invite to a fancy tea party ?
A proper noun .
3 ) What is a pirate 's favorite piece of content ?
A webinAAAAR !
4 ) The past , the present , and the future walked into a bar .
It was tense .
5 ) A linguistics professor was lecturing to his English class one day .
`` In English , '' he said , `` a double negative forms a positive .
In some languages , though , such as Russian , a double negative is still a negative .
However , there is no language wherein a double positive can form a negative . ''
A voice from the back of the room piped up , `` Yeah , right . ''
6 ) Source 7 ) Source 8 ) Source 9 ) Source 10 ) Source 11 ) Source OK , so how 'd we do ?
Did you at least get a chuckle out of some of them ?
Either way , if you 've got a better content joke or cartoon to share , or just a funny content-related anecdote , drop us a line — we 'd love to hear it .
Have a great day !
Today 's companies spend a lot of time thinking about content .
They 're constantly trying to work out how to create engaging , high-quality content at scale , and what the best ways are to distribute it to their target audiences .
Their goal , of course , is to communicate key messages to prospects and customers in an effort to shepherd them down the path to purchase .
As important as this work is , it 's also worth remembering that creating great content can serve a much higher cause than simply increasing your bottom line .
In some cases , it can be used to help people in need .
In fact , it can even save lives .
I know first-hand , having been involved with a great organization called Translators Without Borders since 2010 .
Its mission is to increase access to knowledge by linking translators to NGOs that focus on health , nutrition , and education .
One of the reasons why I got involved with Translators Without Borders is because I believe that being good at communicating and creating effective content is n't just a first-world problem .
It 's something that can really make a difference to everyone .
Let me give you an example .
You probably remember the horrific earthquake that rocked Nepal on April 25 , 2015 .
It left 9,000 people dead , 23,000 injured , and hundreds of thousands homeless .
The devastation it caused was unthinkable and it will continue to be felt in the region for many years to come .
Within minutes of the initial quake , people started responding .
Initially , those responses were calls for help .
The challenge , however , was that like the Tweet below , they were n't in English and therefore were n't widely understood .
Most of us would have no idea what the Tweet above is trying to express .
Is it a warning or a cry for help ?
Is it request for something particular or a critical piece of information ?
What Translators Without Borders does is try to address language barriers like this that make it so difficult to help people otherwise .
Every year they translate more than 2 million words for NGOs , often to help in crisis situations like the earthquake in Nepal .
Within just a few hours of the earthquake , we had built a rapid response team that consisted of Nepali , Nawari , and Hindi translators .
We then put together a list of common words and phrases needed in crisis situations .
Next we fed the list to partner organizations and used it to start actively monitoring social media messages coming out of Nepal so that we could better understand what was going on and find out what was needed .
Over the days , weeks , and months that followed , we translated a lot of communication , bringing clarity to groups working in very different languages .
Through that experience , and many others , we learned three lessons that apply just as much to crisis situations like these as they do to good content marketing .
They are : Always understand who your target audience is .
In the case of Nepal , this was essential because 22 different languages are spoken there .
By looking at the regional distribution of those languages , we were able to work out that Nepali , Newari , and Hindu were the most important languages to focus our translation efforts on .
Always measure what you 're doing .
In content marketing , people are always saying how important it is to be able to measure the impact that you 're having .
It 's been no different for us .
In fact , we 've had great success showing how important having content in the right language can be .
A recent study we did showed that after reading content in English about Ebola , a group of East Africans could only answer 16 percent of questions about the content correctly .
When we put that content into Swahili , one of the local languages , they got 92 percent of the questions right .
That 's a huge difference !
Always create content that 's right for your target audience .
One of the projects we 've undertaken at Translators Without Borders is creating simplified articles on various health issues , such as malaria , for Wikipedia .
These are n't technical articles filled with all of the detail that a medical professional would need .
Rather they are simplified , high-level articles that provide life-saving information in a way that 's easy for locals to understand .
In addition to encouraging you to remember these lessons in your own content efforts , I 'd also encourage you to check out Translators Without Borders .
It 's a fantastic organization and one that needs your donations and resources to continue its important mission .
If you 're involved in creating content for your company , chances are that you 're under a lot of pressure .
That 's because there 's an insatiable appetite for content these days .
As a result , many companies feel like they 're under the gun to produce as much of it as possible just as quickly as they can .
And while many marketers understand that the ultimate goal should be to create better content , not just more of it ( you can find Ann Handley 's thoughts on the matter here ) , until now there has n't been any hard data to show why quality should always trump quantity .
That 's why I 'm excited to share some of Acrolinx 's latest research .
In a new report we 're calling `` Good vs. Great : How to Double the Impact of Your Content Strategy , '' we present some pretty compelling findings .
Our data is based off of the results of a survey we conducted earlier this year of 800 professionals around the country .
We asked them for their insights into how confident they are in their content ( the results of which you 'll find here ) and for their views on content of varying degrees of quality ( the results of which we 've put in the report ) .
The short version of the results can be summed up like this : Content quality matters and we 've got the proof .
According to our data , when you take the time to really focus on the quality of your content — I 'm talking about things like the clarity of your writing , the accuracy , and the style and tone of voice that you use — it can have dramatic results .
In fact , according to our findings , increasing the quality of your content can lead to a : 2x increase in brand perception .
3x increase in conversions .
2x increase in intent to purchase .
That 's a pretty big pay off for just stopping to take the time to make sure that your content is really well written .
And for marketers , it helps make the business case for why you should either be creating less content so that you can really focus in on the quality of everything you publish , or why you need an enterprise solution that can help you create high-quality content at scale ( ahem , Acrolinx can help ! ) .
If you 're interested in getting definitive proof that content quality really does matter , then I strongly encourage you to check out our new report .
I think you 'll be quite interested in the findings .
Marketers , writers , language geeks , lend us your ears .
OK , well actually just your eyes will do .
Saturday marks the 400th anniversary of the death of a man who is widely regarded as the greatest writer the English language has ever known .
Throughout his 26-year career he penned 37 plays and 154 sonnets , many of which are still widely read , taught , and performed around the world .
We 're talking , of course , about the amazing playwright , dramatist , and poet , William Shakespeare .
While his career may have been cut short — he died on April 23 , 1616 from a fever he contracted following a `` merry meeting '' where he `` drank too hard '' — Shakespeare made a lasting impact on the world 's theater and literature , not to mention the English language itself .
And it 's actually that last point , his contributions to the English language , that we 'd like to focus in on in this post .
Four hundred years on , it 's time to show a little reverence for a man who too many of us probably take for granted .
All told , Shakespeare published 884,647 words throughout his illustrious career .
While that does n't make him the most prolific of writers in terms of sheer volume ( his work roughly equate to the length of just five Stephen King novels , while King himself has written 57 ) it 's a good reminder that quality almost always trumps quantity .
Plus , the influence of his work on modern language is unparalleled .
That 's partially because during the 16th and 17th centuries , when Shakespeare was hard at work , English was still a bit of a rogue language .
The vocabulary being used was continuously evolving and there were n't many rules in place to standardize things .
Throughout his career , Shakespeare made considerable contributions on both of these fronts .
A rich vocabulary , a unique way with words Shakespeare is well known for having a vast vocabulary .
At a time when English country laborers were said to know just 3000 words on average , while an educated English person of the day would have used an average of 3,000 to 4,000 words in regular conversation , Shakespeare was light years ahead .
In fact , he used as many as 15,000 different words across all of his published works .
As such , he introduced many new words into daily life .
According to shakespeare-online.com , many of those words he created by `` changing nouns into verbs , changing verbs into adjectives , connecting words never before used together , adding prefixes and suffixes , and devising words wholly original . ''
Among the approximately 2,000 words he 's believed to have created include : Assassination Barefaced Bandit Cold-blooded Dishearten Eyeball Fashionable Gossip Hurried Invulnerable Jaded Madcap Mimic Negotiate Obscene Puking Rant Savagery Summit Swagger Torture Undressed Worthless Zany Source : shakespeare-online.com For a fun , quick overview of some other examples of words Shakespeare introduced into the English language , check out this short video : The original grammar guru Despite all of the contributions Shakespeare made to the English language by giving us great new words with which to express ourselves , some academics argue that his `` real genius lay in the unique way he used grammar to construct sentences , adding a poetic element to English and setting him apart from all other writers of the time . ''
Specifically , those academics call out the way Shakespeare structured his sentences and his use of adjectives to describe inanimate objects .
They 're quick to point out that `` Much of the grammar he chooses now seems old fashioned , but it lends poetry to commonplace words and significantly while his spelling is often updated , his grammar is not . ''
To see or not to see We hope this post has helped cast a light on a literary giant , so that you can clearly see what a profound impact he 's had on the words we use today and the way that we use them .
Maybe you have n't been inspired to go pick up a copy of Othello or a Midsummer Night 's Dream , but at least appreciate just how relevant Shakespeare still is to our lives today , four centuries after his death .
Today , we 're excited to report from our Business Breakfast in Stockholm , a joint event hosted by SDL , Acrolinx , and our Swedish partner Fodina .
We 're thrilled to come together with friends and content professionals in a very special location in this beautiful city .
Atlas Copco has invited us 66 feet underground to a place known as Hemliga Gruvan , which translates to `` the secret mine . ''
But do n't worry , we 're not planning to start a secret society .
Instead , we 're talking about how to engage your audience and compete successfully in 2016 .
Yet the location is somewhat symbolic .
During the time of the Industrial Revolution , a large number of Swedish innovations , among them advances in diesel engines , were made in the area around the mine .
Some even call it the Silicon Valley of the 19th century .
To measure up to this impressive history , we 've put together a great lineup of speakers from SDL , Fodina , and Xylem to talk about content marketing challenges .
We 're covering topics such as how to accelerate content initiatives , build a standardized terminology , and reduce the cost of global content delivery .
Another main topic is the challenge of scaling high-quality content across departments and authoring environments while staying on-brand .
Finally , we 'll be guided through the almost 2-mile-long tunnels of Atlas Copco 's mine to learn more about its fascinating story .
We 're sure we 'll get back to the surface with plenty of new insights .
Thanks to everybody for joining and making this event possible .
[ caption id= '' attachment_3081 '' align= '' alignnone '' width= '' 666 '' ] Image : Atlas Copco [ /caption ]
If you use Acrolinx every day , chances are that you 're pretty adept at working with our content optimization platform .
But are you sure you know all of the ins and outs and tips and tricks for getting the most out of our linguistic analytics engine ?
Maybe so , but we 're guessing there are a few things you probably do n't know even if you 've been at it for a while .
That 's why at Content Connections , our online virtual conference held in November 2015 , we shared some practical advice for working with Acrolinx .
Our Co-Founder and Chief Linguist , Dr. Sabine Lehmann , teamed up with our Senior Content Analyst , Dr. Adam Taylor , to provide an insider 's view to navigating Acrolinx to show you shortcuts that make it easier to use and to ensure you 're getting the most out of its capabilities .
During their presentation , they offered up great , how-to advice spanning a variety of topics ranging from terminology management and using the term browser to term extraction and managing style rules .
The session was a fantastic deep dive into using the Acrolinx dashboard .
Rather than try to relay all of that great information to you in a blog post , however , we instead encourage you to check out their presentation for yourself .
You can watch it by clicking below .
There 's a lot of talk in the media these days about artificial intelligence ( AI ) .
On the one hand , there 's been a steady flow of stories about how AI is being used in incredible ways to tackle complex challenges and automate decision-making .
From time to time , we even see shining examples of some of AI 's more publicized achievements .
Remember when IBM 's Watson successfully defeated a couple of former champions on `` Jeopardy ! ''
back in 2011 ?
What about AlphaGo 's amazing performance in the GoGames earlier this year ?
Despite the hype , not everyone thinks that AI is a good thing .
Stephen Hawking , Elon Musk , Steve Wozniak , and Bill Gates are among the prominent voices warning about the potential dangers of AI .
Despite their fears of a potential doomsday scenario , the reality is that AI is many decades away from becoming sophisticated enough to be a potential threat .
That leaves plenty of time to put the safeguards in place to ensure that never happens .
Suffice it to say that I would n't lose any sleep worrying about whether or not the machines will eventually rise up against us .
I bring this up not just because I find it all fascinating , but also because AI is becoming an increasingly important part of marketing and , more specifically , of content .
A growing number of companies are using AI to do all sorts of things ranging from natural language generation to content analysis to the content optimization that our own product , Acrolinx , makes possible .
When it comes to deciding what , if anything , you and your company should be doing about AI and your content , you 've really only got three choices : The first is to bury your head in the sand and keep doing things the way you always have .
That means having an army of writers and editors on staff who you train to write just the way you want them to so that they know your products and all of your style guidelines .
The problem is that this is an expensive proposition and one that does n't easily scale .
If you suddenly find yourself needing to double your content output , you 're going to be hard pressed to oblige for many months until you 've hired and trained all of the right people .
That hardly seems practical .
At the other end of the spectrum , we 've got option two , which is to go all in on AI .
Having realized that AI can automate content creation for you , you might decide to fire all of your writers and let the machines take over .
It would be faster , scalable , and a whole lot cheaper .
But hold on , there 's a problem here too .
The fact is that we 're a long ways away from the point where these technologies can replace human writers in most capacities .
If you were to rely on AI right now , you 'd find that your content would no longer accurately reflect your brand , engage your audience , or do any of the other things it 's supposed to do .
It just would n't work .
Maybe 25 years from now it will be a different story , but not today .
That leaves us with option three , which by now you 've probably guessed is your best bet .
It 's embracing AI as a way to augment and enhance what you 're doing , without ever removing the human element from the equation .
The fact is that AI technologies can be incredibly effective at helping you create better content faster than you otherwise could .
Content that 's on-brand and on-target .
But it needs to be used in collaboration with your content creators , gently nudging them with the appropriate guidance while they write and offering the governance necessary to ensure consistency .
In other words , you ca n't simply rely on these technologies blindly .
To reap their benefits , you have to embed them into your existing teams and workflows .
Creating great content is incredibly important .
In case you missed it , here 's our latest research that offers up some hard data that explains why .
As we look ahead , those companies that create high-quality content that helps them connect with their customers will continue to have a real competitive advantage .
In our view , the companies that can leverage AI to help them on that journey will be able to do so better , faster , and cheaper than everyone else .
Talk about stacking the deck in your favor .
Words are the building blocks of language .
They 're what allow us to articulate our ideas and paint vivid , highly detailed pictures in other people 's minds .
If we described a juicy , medium rare New York strip steak , for example , you 'd immediately be able to conjure up an image of what we were talking about .
You might even find yourself salivating in the process … well , maybe that 's just us .
What makes words powerful is our ability to associate meaning with them .
If you know what juicy , medium rare , and strip steak all mean , then when your brain puts them together in context , you know that it makes for a delightfully mouthwatering combination .
( Sorry vegans and vegetarians , we 'll just have to agree to disagree on this one . )
It 's this one-to-one matching of ideas that translators rely on to do their work .
It 's what allows them to say with certainty that `` the brown dog '' is expressed as der braune Hund in German , le chien brun in French , and el perro marrón in Spanish .
The problem that translators sometimes run into is that many languages have words and expressions for which there are no equivalents in other cultures .
While they bring a unique richness to language , they also can leave translators grasping at straws as they try to succinctly convey what they mean .
Sometimes a small number of these words get adopted in English .
Take the German word schadenfreude , for example , which means taking pleasure in someone else 's misfortune .
Apparently although the word is n't universal , the feeling is .
Maybe that 's why these days it 's not uncommon to come across schadenfreude in writing and even in conversation .
People have latched onto this word so much so that it 's now even in US dictionaries .
Yet there 's a whole bunch of foreign words that are equally quirky but not nearly as well known .
While they may put a smile on your face ( some of them really do convey great ideas ) , for translators they 're nothing short of a nightmare .
Some examples include : Abbiocco ( Italian ) : Drowsiness from eating a big meal .
Backpfeifengesicht ( German ) : A face that needs to be slapped .
Cafuné ( Portuguese ) : The act of running your fingers through a lover 's hair .
Fernweh ( German ) : Feeling homesick for a place you have never been to .
Friolero ( Spanish ) : Someone who is particularly sensitive to cold weather and temperatures .
Gattara ( Italian ) : A woman , often old and lonely , who devotes herself to stray cats .
Gökotta ( Swedish ) : To wake up early in the morning with the purpose of going outside to hear the first birds sing .
Jayus ( Indonesian ) : An unfunny joke told so poorly that one can not help but laugh .
Komorebi ( Japanese ) : The sunlight that filters through the leaves of the trees .
Pana po ' o ( Hawaiian ) : The act of scratching one 's head in order to remember the location of a misplaced object .
Schnapsidee ( German ) : A plan that is hatched when you are drunk , or a plan so ridiculous you must have been drunk when you thought it up .
Shemomedjamo ( Georgian ) : When you continue to eat an entire meal in spite of feeling full .
Tampo ( Filipino ) : Withdrawing affection from a person when one 's feelings have been hurt .
Tartle ( Scottish ) : The act of hesitating while introducing someone because you 've forgotten their name .
Tsundoku ( Japanese ) : Leaving a book unread after buying it .
Utepils ( Norwegian ) : To sit outside on a sunny day enjoying a beer .
Waldeinsamkeit ( German ) : The feeling of solitude , being alone in the woods , and a connectedness to nature .
Of course , we have some words like this in English too .
Ones that others struggle to convey , at least in certain languages .
Any guesses as to what they might be ?
Here 's a short list : Bully Butter up Catercorner Geek Nerd Rain check Serendipity Words like these give our language a special and unique flavor just as all of the foreign words we 've cited above do for their respective languages .
They may not make translators ' lives any easier , but they do make their jobs all the more interesting .
For today 's marketers , creating and distributing high-quality content is a top priority .
In fact , 88 percent of B2B organizations use content marketing and , as a recent IDC report notes , `` building out content marketing as an organizational competency '' is second only to measuring ROI among CMOs ' most important initiatives .
Yet , despite the proliferation and widespread adoption of content marketing over the past few years , it 's only just beginning to emerge from its infancy .
The fact is that only 32 percent of B2B content marketers describe their content marketing as sophisticated or mature , while just 30 percent consider it effective .
Things are n't much better in B2C land , where those numbers are 37 percent and 38 percent , respectively .
So why are n't we better at content marketing ?
Most experts agree that a lot of it has to do with the fact that the majority of content marketers — 70 percent of them according to an Altimeter Group report — lack a consistent , integrated content strategy .
Fair enough , but the reality is that 's only part of the problem .
After all , even if you 've got a world-class strategy , you 're never going to be a successful content marketer unless you 're creating great content .
And great content starts with effective writing .
That may seem like an obvious point , but it 's worth calling out .
As marketers , we 're under constant pressure to create ever more content .
Unless we can hire more people , we often have to work faster or cut corners to keep up with demand .
Or we turn to our colleagues around the business — many of whom are n't effective writers — to contribute to the effort .
The net result is that although the quantity of content we publish goes up , the quality of it starts to slip .
Why Content Quality Matters When the quality of your content goes down , it 's a real problem .
That 's because there 's no such thing as neutral content .
Anything that you publish that is n't high quality can actually have a negative effect on your brand .
Not only that , according to a survey by translation service provider Global Lingo , 74 percent of respondents are conscious of the quality of spelling and grammar on company websites .
Of them , 59 percent indicated that bad grammar and careless spelling mistakes would prevent them from making a purchase from a website because they would n't trust the company to provide good service .
That 's a pretty big deal .
And , not only does content quality impact audience perceptions of your brand , search engines , such as Google and Bing , are just as unforgiving .
Bing 's Duane Forrester says that `` just as you 're judging others ' writing , so the engines judge yours .
If you struggle to get past typos , why would an engine show a page of content with errors higher in the rankings when other pages of content exist to serve the searcher ? ''
Of course , content quality is about a lot more than just spelling and grammar .
It 's also determined by things such as style , tone , and clarity — the building blocks of effective writing that are essential for engaging your audience , building trust , and creating a better overall customer experience .
A Closer Look at Our Content Quality Research Since content quality is so important , we wanted to see just how effective some of the top brands are at writing great content .
To do so , we used our linguistic analytics software to evaluate the online content of 340 companies around the world spanning a variety of industries — everything from retail and financial services , to aerospace and automotive , to high tech and manufacturing .
We focused our research on large organizations with more than $ 250 million in annual revenue , most of which are household names such as Gucci , Exxon Mobil , and Harley-Davidson .
We also looked at various types of content , including marketing and customer support content , as well as corporate communication and technical product content .
We evaluated the overall quality of these companies ' content by analyzing it across two main dimensions : grammar and style .
To assess companies ' grammar usage , we examined their content against best practices for standard grammar conventions and then calculated how many errors it contained on average per 1,000 words .
We 're talking about things such as subject/verb agreement and use of pronouns and double negatives .
Similarly , we evaluated each company 's style based on 62 separate rules and writing practices ( the kind that you find in The Chicago Manual of Style ) and on our years of linguistic experience .
We also looked at clarity , which is a measure of how easy a piece of content is to read and understand — something that 's particularly important when you 're trying to communicate complex ideas .
As part of our analysis , we gave each company a score for quality and clarity using a 100-point scale .
Using a proprietary algorithm , we then used these results to derive an overall content impact score for each company — a measure of how effective we believe that their writing is .
Based on our experience , we have determined that companies need to achieve an overall content impact score of 72 or higher in order for their content to be effective .
As it turns out , most of the companies we reviewed have n't reached that level of content sophistication just yet .
Here 's What We Learned About How Effective Brands Are at Writing The overall content impact scores of the 340 companies we studied ranged from between 55 and 85 points .
Not only is that a pretty broad distribution , we were surprised to discover that less than one-third ( 31 percent ) of those companies reached or exceeded our target benchmark score of 72 .
Content Impact Score Distribution What this data tells us is that , despite the growing adoption of content marketing globally , maturity levels differ significantly .
With more than two-thirds of companies producing subpar content , we think content marketers need to renew their focus on improving content quality and clarity .
Analyzing the data from a regional and industry perspective further underscores that this is a global problem .
While content quality tends to be relatively consistent from region to region ( with scores of 69.5 for the Americas ; 69.8 for Europe , the Middle East , and Africa ; and 68.1 for Asia Pacific ) , they 're all below the 72 point benchmark .
It 's a similar story when you look at the industry breakdowns , with one exception — the retail sector — earning a score of 73.2 .
Content Impact Scores by Region and Industry So Who 's Got the Best Content ?
Our intent with this research is n't to call out specific companies by name whose content does n't measure up .
Having said that , we do want to recognize a handful of the top-performing companies by showcasing examples of their really high-quality , effective writing .
These companies include : American department store Kohl 's has clearly taken care to create content with a warm , friendly , and inviting style : Enjoy a refreshed and refurbished home with home decor and furniture from Kohl 's !
Whether you 're overhauling your space or just tweaking your home 's design , you 're sure to find pieces and accents in the styles you want .
From feminine shabby chic to more masculine sleek and modern , Kohl 's home furnishings add color , texture and function to your home .
Another top performer , Caterpillar , is a company that 's known for implementing content strategy on a massive scale .
Despite the high-tech engineering detail that their content needs to communicate , the company excels at connecting its technology with specific needs as seen in this recent blog post .
Like much of the northeastern United States , the town of Afton , New York , has been buried — literally — with snow this winter .
Good thing the community has a new Cat® CT681 Vocational Truck on the job .
‘ The town wanted to borrow it for the Christmas parade , ' says Kirk Hoyt , the truck 's operator .
‘ We said they could n't — we were using it to plow snow ! '
From Down Under , National Australia Bank provides a great example of how financial services firms can go beyond the numbers to provide practical advice for their audience .
Think of your car like your body — would you carry a backpack if you did n't need to ?
Of course not : it 'd make you tired , thirsty , grumpy and give you a sore back .
Your car 's the same — the more weight it carries , the more fuel it uses ( and the more wear and tear there is on tyres , the chassis and suspension ) .
The long-term effects mean a rest break at the mechanic , and more money spent on maintenance .
Will Your Content Be Your Competitive Advantage or Your Downfall ?
Although content is obviously a very important part of marketing in today 's online world , all too often companies sacrifice the quality of their content for quantity .
As we 've seen , most of the 340 companies we reviewed are producing content that just does n't measure up .
We believe those companies , and the countless others just like them , will be handicapped if they do n't start paying more attention to their content and to being effective writers .
The following article is a guest post from Val Swisher , CEO of Content Rules , an Acrolinx business partner .
The article originally appeared in an April 2016 blog post .
Last month , Google announced `` Google Cloud Machine Learning . ''
It is a new , all-encompassing platform that allows you to incorporate some of the same services into your applications that major Google applications use .
The services include image search ( Photos ) , voice search ( Google app ) , Smart Reply ( Inbox ) and Google Translate .
As Google writes : Google Cloud Machine Learning provides modern machine learning services , with pre-trained models and a platform to generate your own tailored models .
Among the features of the machine learning platform is access to the Google Translate API .
It allows you to link to Google Translate for a fee and can be used for both websites and applications .
However , did you know that there is a freebie way to use Google Translate on your website ?
It 's called the Google Translate Gadget and it is not new .
It 's been around since 2009 .
In a nutshell , the Translate Gadget allows you to provide a little translate button on your webpage .
Usually , it is implemented as a drop-down box and allows anyone on your page to have the content translated into one of the languages listed in the drop-down .
In other words , rather than translating your content and having multiple , multilingual versions of your website available , you can allow your readers to translate pages `` on the fly . ''
Best of all , it 's free !
Using the Translate Gadget is incredibly easy .
You incorporate it on your webpage and , voila , your content gets transformed into a different language .
No more arduous , costly , `` real '' translation .
No more having to maintain multiple websites for multiple languages .
`` Now wait a second… '' you should be thinking about now .
`` Do I really want to have people use free Google Translate on my precious web content ?
Without my intervention ?
Who knows what the translation will look like in Brazilian Portuguese ? ! ''
And if those thoughts are running through your head , I commend you .
You 've been paying attention .
Free translation is just that : Free translation .
Not guaranteed .
Not validated .
Not in-brand for your company .
Just free .
As most of my readers know , I am definitely not a fan of using free machine translation ( MT ) for anything more valuable than reading a letter from your dear Aunt Francoise who lives in Paris .
Surely , you would n't want to use free MT for real content .
However… After listening to a talk by John Yunker of Byte Level Research the other day , I am beginning to see some potential uses for the Translation Gadget on a business website .
Here are a few that I 've come up with : User-generated content .
User-generated content is definitely one of the most difficult types of content to translate .
Plus , the nature of user-generated content is fluid .
It is not planned , there is no sprint , no scrum .
It just gets there , on your community page , whenever someone decides to write it .
The good news is that no one really expects the translation of user-generate content to make any sense .
After all , the source content often barely makes sense .
Most people can not put together strings of sentences that are grammatically correct .
So there is a great level of acceptance for poor , even non-nonsensical translations of user-generated content .
But , hey , at least it 's somewhat translated .
And maybe the translation will be passable .
Knowledge base articles .
I 've been told that people are also quite forgiving of poorly-translated knowledge base articles .
As your support engineers create and publish them , it would be very handy to have the Translate Gadget on the page , in case someone needs the information in a different language .
Again , much knowledge base content is fluid .
It is often published as people request it , with no time for a grammatical review , localization effort , and full-on translation event .
Better to have somewhat intelligible support information available in different languages than nothing .
Less popular languages .
Let 's face it , localization and translation ( when done well ) can be time consuming and expensive .
Perhaps you have a small market in another country – not large enough to justify the expense of real localization and translation .
It is possible that using free Google Translate will work well enough on your content to satisfy the people of that small market .
Again , better to have somewhat intelligible information available than nothing at all .
Regardless of your use case for the free Google Translate Widget , there is one thing for certain : the more grammatically correct your source content is , the better results you are likely to achieve .
So before you go and slap the gadget on your site , make sure that your English site is global-ready .
That is , make sure your content is optimized for translation .
About Val Val Swisher is the CEO of Content Rules .
She is a well-known expert in global content strategy , content development , and terminology management .
Using her 20 years of experience , Val helps companies solve complex content problems by analyzing their content and how it is created .
When not blogging , Val can be found sitting behind her sewing machine working on her latest quilt .
She also makes a mean hummus .
Did you know that a lot of computer technology giant Lenovo 's product content is created offshore by non-native English speakers ?
We 're talking about hundreds of individual pieces of content every month .
And it 's all great stuff that you 'd never guess is being written overseas .
But that was n't always the case .
The fact is that when Lenovo first acquired IBM 's Personal Computing Division more than a decade ago , and then built a new content team in China to support it , things did n't go very smoothly .
It 's not that the content team was n't talented — they had the right credentials and strong English language skills — it 's just that they struggled to master the nuances of the Lenovo brand and all of the precise requirements of technical writing .
As a result , the content the team produced stood out as different and left readers with the clear impression that it was being created offshore .
That meant that it had to be heavily edited by a team of editors in the US before it could be published , which was time-consuming , expensive , and difficult to scale .
To solve the problem , Lenovo started using Acrolinx .
It was an attractive solution for a variety of reasons .
Since it would integrate into their content authoring tools and give the writers real-time feedback , it not only allowed them to dramatically improve the quality of their content , but also helped coach the team to become better writers over time .
Plus , since it was fully customizable , they used it to apply all of their standards and preferences , particularly around things like terminology , helping to ensure universal consistency with Lenovo 's brand standards .
But it was n't just for these reasons that Lenovo chose Acrolinx .
According to Keith Vicek , a senior software engineer at Lenovo and the man responsible for the company 's product content , `` Not only was it far more robust and intelligent than anything else we saw , it was also being used by other big brands like IBM and had come highly recommended .
And , once we learned about how much we 'd save in translation costs using Acrolinx — we were told it would pay for itself in no time — making the business case for it was easy . ''
Using Acrolinx had an immediate impact on Lenovo 's content .
Suddenly the people who had been producing subpar content were getting better at their job .
And by making the content more consistent and easier to read , Acrolinx also helped make it easier to translate .
For a company like Lenovo that spends millions of dollars each year translating its content into 31 different languages , that 's a big deal .
In fact , Acrolinx paid for itself in just 24 months , saving the company hundreds of thousands of dollars in translation costs .
Vicek could n't be happier with the results .
`` We completely transformed our content operations with Acrolinx , '' he said .
`` Not only were we able to exceed our ROI projections , we proved that you can scale content production without having to sacrifice quality .
The cost savings we 're getting from translation is just the icing on the cake . ''
People often say that a company 's brand is its most valuable asset , and in many ways I think they 're right .
That 's because your brand is your business personified .
It 's the way that you look , sound , and act , and it plays a huge role in how people perceive your company .
Not surprisingly , companies with great brands stand out , while those that do n't have them often get overlooked .
There are many factors that play a role in determining if a brand will be successful , one of the most important of which is whether or not it 's portrayed consistently at every customer touchpoint .
When it comes to your content , that means that you always need to sound more or less the same by having a consistent voice , style , and tone .
Unfortunately , maintaining the consistency of your content can be really hard to do at scale .
That 's particularly true if you 've got hundreds or even thousands of writers in your organization spread across offices all over the world .
But when it comes to building your brand , it 's essential .
Let me explain why .
Making the Case for Consistent Content In a recent article , Jake Sorofman , a vice president at Gartner , noted that `` in the game of customer experience ... consistency will always trump delight . ''
The point Jake 's making is as simple as it is important : Consistency matters .
A lot .
And , since most companies ' main conduit for communicating with their customers is their content , you can be sure that what you say and how you say it has a critical role to play in shaping those experiences .
It 's also important to point out that when the quality of your content is n't consistent , it can confuse your customers .
For instance , it might create the impression that they 're being sold to by lots of different people rather than a single , unified organization .
That , in turn , can damage your brand .
On the other hand , when your content is consistent — consistently good , that is — it helps create better customer experiences .
That helps you build trust , credibility , and a great reputation .
But do n't just take my word for it .
There 's plenty of independent , third-party research out there that supports this .
I 've noted a few of my favorite examples below : According to Forrester , having a consistent experience across all brand touchpoints is a key driver of brand trust .
A study by McKinsey & Company of 27,000 American consumers found that a consistent customer experience across the entire customer journey increases customer satisfaction , builds trust , and boosts loyalty .
In a related article , the authors noted : `` It may not seem sexy , but consistency is the secret ingredient to making customers happy . ''
The payoff for companies that focus on consistency can be considerable .
In fact , research by Techipedia found that consistent brands are worth 20 percent more than those that are n't .
So while content consistency may seem like a nice-to-have , the reality is that it 's essential for creating the kinds of positive customer experiences that companies need to foster to maximize their success .
Okay , but here 's the thing : Most companies ' content is n't very consistent .
We know first-hand because we 've done the research that proves it .
Acrolinx 's Marketing Research on Content Consistency Here at Acrolinx , we have a history of analyzing the quality of lots of companies ' content .
( If you have n't already , check out our Global Content Impact Index to see what I mean . )
Building on that work , we recently decided to take that research and analysis a step further .
Rather than simply evaluate the quality of a company 's content overall , we chose to score the different individual types of content that companies publish .
I 'm talking about things like their corporate communication , marketing , product , and support content .
Well , because we wanted to see if all of those different types of content would be of a consistently high level of quality within individual companies .
Spoiler alert : They were n't .
I 'm sure I 'm stating the obvious , but I should point out here that different types of content are typically written and maintained by different teams , including marketing , tech docs , and product , among others .
So while each type of content has a different use , is needed at different points in the buying process , and is written by different teams , they all share a common goal : helping to create great customer experiences .
Fast forward to our research project .
Let me give you a quick overview of what we did .
Basically , we used our software to score the unique sections of 170 companies ' websites individually , including their blog , about us , news , product , and support content .
With me so far ?
Next , we calculated the variance between the highest and lowest scoring sections within each company , which we used to benchmark the consistency of their content .
Based on our research and experience , we determined that companies with a variance of seven points or less have content that 's sufficiently consistent to help them build their brand .
On the other hand , in our view , companies with a variance of greater than seven points start to suffer as a result of that inconsistency .
Here 's What We Learned About Content Consistency The good news is that 46 percent of the companies we analyzed had variance scores of fewer than seven points .
In other words , nearly half of the companies are creating content that 's sufficiently consistent so as not to be at risk of brand erosion .
But , as I alluded to before , just having consistent content is n't good enough .
It 's got to be consistently good content .
And that 's where we found some problems .
Only a fraction of the companies we looked at proved able to consistently produce high-quality content across their sites that reached or exceeded our benchmark score of 72 ( that 's the minimum score that a company 's content needs to achieve to be effective — you can learn more about that here ) .
In fact , only 19 percent of them consistently created high-quality content no matter where in the business it came from .
You do n't have to be a rocket scientist to read between the lines here .
What that means is that the vast majority of the companies we analyzed did n't fall into this category .
In fact , 13 percent of them were at the polar opposite end of the spectrum , not only having low-quality content , but also high levels of inconsistency with 15-point variances or more .
To put it another way , while all of these companies had content we considered to be low-quality , just how bad it was varied considerably from section to section of their websites .
For those 13 percent of companies , having both low-quality and inconsistent content is a real problem .
Now while you might be tempted to disregard such a relatively small portion of the total sample as an outlier , do n't forget that less than one-fifth of the companies we reviewed are producing both high-quality and consistent content .
And please also do n't forget that that means that the vast majority of companies — 81 percent — need to either improve the quality of their content , ensure that their content is more consistent , or both !
Why You Should Care ?
To better understand what all of this means , imagine that you 're a customer engaging with a brand for the first time .
Let 's pretend that your initial point of contact is reading a news item that you find online .
While not particularly well-written , the news interests you , so you decide to check out a few of the company 's products .
Some of that product content reads well and really speaks to you , and some of it does n't .
So What Happens ?
Well , the company probably starts to feel a bit disjointed to you .
Some of the pages you read contain errors , while others do n't .
It 's almost as if the company has several distinct voices or personalities .
You might even get the impression that the company you 're dealing with is really just a bunch of separate entities that are n't coordinated or working together .
Sure , that may not a deal-breaker for you , but it should be an early warning sign that the company you 're dealing with might not be as polished or professional as you 'd expect .
Reading some of the company 's Q & As and other support content supports your theory — it 's not as good as some of the product content you just read .
For an increasing number of customers , content inconsistency is a red flag that signals there could be a potential problem .
At a time when they expect great customer experiences , and for those experiences to be consistent across the board , even seemingly small details like these can play a pivotal role in purchasing decisions .
After all , in a world full of choices , why accept a bad customer experience if a better one might just be a few clicks away ?
Topping things off is some recent research from McKinsey & Company showing the high level of correlation between customer satisfaction and having a consistent customer journey experience .
While this particular research is specific to the banking industry , I think it 's fair to speculate that you can expect to find similar correlations in just about any industry .
So What 's Driving These Inconsistent Content Experiences ?
If publishing inconsistent content is a problem , the question becomes : What 's driving these inconsistent content experiences ?
Although there was n't any one pattern that emerged through our analysis , we identified some trends among the companies with the most inconsistent content .
For example , 25 percent of inconsistent companies had the biggest variance within their product pages .
That means that customers would see a significant difference in the style , clarity , and quality of the content from one product compared to another .
This is often the case when different product teams are responsible for developing content for their individual product but fail to align with an overall company-wide strategy for brand , style , and tone .
For companies with multiple products but a single buyer , that 's a problem .
Similarly , 23 percent of the companies we surveyed saw the biggest content score variance when comparing their product content with their support content .
For these companies , the old adage of high-gloss marketing vs. monochromatic support content rings true .
Their customers would see a material difference between the style , clarity , and quality of the product content and the support content that they engage with .
I should point out here that although these content types serve two different purposes , they 're often viewed by the same people .
There 's no doubt in my mind that the kind of variances we identified would likely have an impact on brand perception .
The key takeaway here is that if your company has lots of different teams creating content , and no way of standardizing it and ensuring it 's of the highest quality , you really are at risk of damaging your brand .
Where to From Here ?
As high-quality , consistent customer experiences become increasingly valued by customers , companies will be under the gun to create better , more consistent content .
While less than one-fifth of the companies we analyzed are doing this successfully right now , within the next several years we expect that creating consistent , high-quality content will become business-critical .
The question is : Will you be ready when it does ?
The words we read have a lot of power because they can make us feel any number of ways .
Just think about the last great book you enjoyed .
Maybe the words that the author painstakingly chose conspired to create a sense of terror or suspense , to make you laugh out loud , or to tug at your heartstrings .
Reactions like those are n't just the result of what the author wrote , but also how the author chose to write it .
When it comes to the business world , the words you use are equally powerful and important .
That 's because they establish your tone of voice , which is critical for building a connection with your target audience and for giving them a clear impression of who you are as a company and what you 're like to do business with .
At Acrolinx , we spend a lot of time talking about tone of voice .
In case you missed it , you 'll find quite a few posts about it here on our blog , you can check out our eBook on the subject , or you can click your way through the four-part SlideShare series we put together .
The thing about tone of voice is that most people tend to think that it 's pretty intangible .
Sure , maybe you know what kinds of tone of voice you respond well to and which ones turn you off .
You might even try to model your writing accordingly , but that 's usually as far as it goes .
But it does n't have to be that way .
Measuring Your Content 's Voice The fact is that the tone of your writing is actually much more quantifiable than you might think .
Here at Acrolinx , we can use our linguistic analytics platform to score the clarity , informality , and liveliness of your content .
Those three factors play an important role not just in determining the voice of your content , but also whether or not it 's going to resonate with a specific audience .
To show you what we mean , let 's look at short excerpt that we 've borrowed from the folks over at MailChimp : Today we 're looking under the hood to see the cool tweaks and updates the developers have been working on .
These changes affect every single MailChimp user , but those of you with large lists will want to pay special attention .
What we like about the text is its relatively casual , conversational tone .
By referring to `` cool tweaks '' and what 's happening `` under the hood , '' the content feels very approachable and personable .
Not only do you understand what the authors are trying to convey , you also get the sense that MailChimp is n't some big , soulless corporation .
Instead , you get the impression that it 's a business that 's got some personality and that 's interested in connecting with you on a more personal , one-to-one level .
When we analyze the content with Acrolinx , that 's reflected in the resulting scores : The content scores well overall .
It 's relatively clear ; plus , while informal and lively , it 's not so informal or so lively that it 's inappropriate for a B2B business .
We take our hats off to MailChimp for creating some great content .
If , however , we make some changes to the content , we can convey the exact same ideas in a different way , which in turn changes the voice of the content .
The purpose of today 's post is to outline the various changes that our developers have made to update the platform .
While these changes affect all MailChimp users , if you have large lists then you should pay particular attention to this post .
In this version , we 've strived to make the content clearer , but to do so had to sacrifice some of its conversational nature .
While that may work well for content that you need to have translated , the result is text that 's a bit less engaging overall .
It 's a bit more stiff and businesslike .
Here 's how that content scores : Below is a third version of the text with some additional changes .
Again , it conveys the exact same ideas , but it does so in a much less clear and concise way .
It 's long-winded and feels very impersonal and corporate .
It 's not fun to read and does n't give you the sense that MailChimp is interested in you as a customer .
MailChimp 's developers have made numerous changes to the platform , all of which will be reviewed in today 's post .
Note that all MailChimp users will be affected by these changes ; however , users who have particularly large email recipient lists are advised to pay particular attention as this is especially relevant for their needs .
And that , of course , is reflected in the content 's scores : With the addition of our changes , it 's no longer great content .
Sure , it does the job of conveying the key messages , but it does n't do so particularly well .
Matching Specific Voice Scores to Specific Personas In case you 're wondering why all of this matters , it 's because you need to develop the right voice for each of your target personas .
And , while there 's no one-size-fits-all approach — one company 's ideal voice may not be at all appropriate for another — it is important to figure out what voice works for your audience and then to ensure that you 're consistently writing in that voice .
And that 's where Acrolinx can be most helpful .
It allows you to build voice profiles for each of your customer personas .
That way , you 've got a benchmark score for clarity , informality , and liveliness , which you can then strive for with all of the content you create for that persona .
That means that as you 're writing , you 're getting real-time advice about how to target your content for your specific audience .
Better Content Is Just a Few Clicks Away With Acrolinx helping you and your colleagues , it 's easier to create better content .
Since voice is such an important part of creating great content , we think that our software is particularly useful when it comes to ensuring that your content is not only consistent , but on-target .
In a world where both B2C and B2B companies are moving to more casual and conversational writing , and adopting just the right tone of voice is mission-critical , having a way to do so scientifically and uniformly is a real advantage .
Asking people where they buy their donuts is kind of like asking them who they 're going to vote for in an election .
They invariably have strong points of view , where they grew up usually has a lot to do with it , and it 's never a good idea to try to convince others that they 've got it all wrong .
Considering that Americans eat over 10 billion donuts every year ( that 's 31 donuts per person if you 're wondering ) , it 's a food that many of us seem to be extremely familiar with .
And the good news is that , unlike politics , donuts make it easy for people to come together .
After all , no matter whether they 're Dunkin ' Donuts , Krispy Kreme , Honey Dew , Entenmann 's , or any other variety , who 's ever going to say no to a donut ?
Plus , donuts have another thing going for them that you may not even be aware of : Eating them can help you become a better writer .
It 's a shocking revelation — trust us , we know — so take a moment to let that sink in .
Yes , gobbling down your preferred variety of fried , doughy goodness could just be your ticket to becoming a better writer !
And , in honor of National Donut Day — which a ) is tomorrow and b ) is actually a real thing that you can read about here , we 've taken it upon ourselves to explain how .
So sit back and salivate while we enlighten you on all the things you can learn about writing from our dear friend the donut .
You 've always got to nail the basics .
It does n't matter how much frosting you put on your donuts or how much jelly or cream you put in them .
If you do n't start out with a really good batter or dough , you 're never going to wind up with a great product .
The same is true with the content you write .
Sure , you can dress it up with great pictures or catchy headlines , but at the end of the day if your writing is n't any good , your readers will see through that and be disappointed .
So make sure that you focus on writing clear , engaging content that 's both easy to read and enjoyable .
Toppings and flavors bring everything to life .
Maybe you like sprinkles on your donuts or just a basic glaze .
Or maybe you 're a bit more adventurous and enjoy bacon , Fruit Loops , or cayenne pepper on yours ( which , by the way , are all options you can and should avail yourself of if you ever have the opportunity to visit the incomparable VooDoo Doughnut ) .
Whatever it is that floats your boat , those extra flourishes probably speak to you and keep you coming back again and again .
It 's the same thing with writing .
While you ca n't garnish your blog posts with bacon ( oh , if only !
) , what you can do is embellish your content with a really distinctive tone of voice that makes it stand out as being uniquely yours .
That 's something that great brands are doing more and more because it makes them stand out and helps them to build a stronger connection with their customers .
Sometimes you need a twist .
By default , most of us think of donuts as circles of dough with a hole missing in the center .
But let 's not forget about the twist .
Sure it 's less common , but all the more interesting , intriguing , and unexpected as a result .
When it comes to writing , it can be easy to get stuck in cookie-cutter mode , where you just crank out the same thing over and over again .
That 's boring for you and for your readers , so do n't let it happen .
Instead , figure out how to include twists and turns in your writing and to deliver the unexpected ( see also : blog posts comparing content and donuts ) .
Quality trumps quantity .
Given the choice , would you rather have a dozen mediocre donuts or one killer donut ?
Okay , admittedly , how hungry you are while reading this could sway your decision , but under normal circumstances you 'd probably go for the one great donut , right ?
Well it 's the same with content .
People want to consume good stuff , so do n't waste their time ( or yours ) publishing a bunch of content that just is n't up to par .
Instead , focus on creating the best content that you can .
You may not be able to publish as much as a result , but you 'll get much better results in the long run if you do .
A donut a day ?
OK , it 's time to come clean .
We do n't actually recommend that you start eating donuts every day .
But , having said that , we do hope you 've enjoyed our tribute to National Donut Day , and that you can take inspiration from the mighty donut the next time you sit down to write .
Happy eating and writing !
( Do n't be shy — tweet us your best selfie enjoying National Donut Day and we 'll buy you another !
# acrolinx )
If you 're a marketer , then you probably know just how important content is to the success of your business .
After all , it 's the voice of your brand , it 's what educates your prospects , and it 's the fuel that drives new sales and customer loyalty .
Fair enough , but have you ever stopped to appreciate the fact that the quality of your content is directly related to the impact that it has on your business ?
We 're going to go out on a limb here and guess that the answer is no .
And how often do you take the time to actually optimize your content ?
You know , ensure that it 's really well written , that it has the right tone of voice , and that it 's clear and easy to understand ?
Probably not as often as you should be , right ?
Unfortunately , that 's why many marketers wind up wasting thousands — and , in some cases , even millions — of dollars creating and distributing mediocre content .
The funny thing is that they 're then left scratching their heads when they discover that it does n't deliver the results they were hoping for .
In this post , we 're going to explain why content quality matters and why content optimization is therefore so very important .
Proof Positive That Better Content Drives Better Business Results Earlier this year , we did some research to try to prove that better content drives better business results .
And just to be clear , we 're not talking about incremental improvements .
We mean major gains in the core metrics that matter most to today 's marketers .
As part of our research , we surveyed over 800 professionals from around the world .
All of the input we gathered by doing so points to one clear finding : better content really does lead to better business performance .
Let us explain .
First , we started off by asking the participants to name what they thought were the top three business implications of having poor-quality content .
The graph below shows what they said : While virtually everyone agreed that publishing poor-quality content has negative implications for business , opinions varied about what those implications actually are .
Our survey participants cited brand degradation , decreased trust , and lower customer engagement most .
Of course , perceptions alone do n't make the case .
Our next step was to try to quantify the impact that content quality can have on business metrics .
To do so , we segmented our survey participants into two groups , sending each a piece of marketing collateral for a company we made up called Xtera .
Although the content and messaging were virtually the same for both pieces of collateral , we made sure to vary the quality .
The piece of collateral that Group A received was of above-average quality ( based on the Acrolinx Score it received ) , while the piece that Group B received was just average .
You can see the two versions of the text below along with their respective Acrolinx Scores .
You can see a pretty dramatic difference in the scores and , if you read the text , you 'll see a definite difference in how well written they are , too .
By the way , it 's important to note that this was an independent blind study , where participants only saw one version of the content .
After reviewing it , we asked them some questions , which led to some interesting results in three main areas : 1 ) Brand Perceptions To quantify the connection between content quality and brand perception , we asked participants to rate their first impression of Xtera , based on the content they read .
Only 23 percent of the recipients who received the low-scoring content had a positive first impression of Xtera 's brand .
By contrast , nearly 60 percent of the respondents who received the high-scoring content did .
By simply improving the quality of the content , we were able to increase positive brand perceptions by 139 percent — and that was using generic content for a random audience .
Imagine the impact on content that 's tuned for a very specific group of target customers !
2 ) Conversions Next , we wanted to measure the correlation between content quality and conversion rates .
To do so , we included a call to action in our sample marketing collateral , encouraging readers to sign up for a free trial .
We then asked our survey participants how likely they 'd be to sign up based solely on the quality of the content they had read .
We were gratified to see that the folks who received the higher-quality content were 185 percent more likely to sign up for the free trial than those who had received the average-quality content .
That 's a big deal considering how important increasing conversion rates is for generating and nurturing leads .
What our findings show is that by improving the quality of your content , you can dramatically increase conversion rates .
3 ) Intent to Purchase The last thing we wanted to quantify was the correlation between content quality and intent to purchase .
So we asked our lovely survey respondents how likely they would be to purchase from our fictitious company based solely on the quality of the content they had just read .
Amazingly , among the respondents who got the better content , intent to purchase was 104 percent higher than among the respondents who received the average content .
This is perhaps the most compelling insight we gleaned from our research because it draws a clear connection between content quality and increased sales .
The Road to Better Content Marketing Begins With Content Optimization Based on these findings , we think it 's clear that even small changes in content quality can yield significant improvements to business results .
That 's why it 's so important to optimize your content .
We saw meaningful differences in brand perception , conversion rates , and intent to purchase between people who received good content and those who received great content .
For us , the takeaway is clear .
Content quality matters more than most of us realize , and to truly optimize our content marketing programs , we must first focus in on creating higher-quality content .
Having a defined plan in place ( or better yet a software solution ) to optimize your content , is critical .
In our view , and based on the data we 've shared , it 's the key to maximizing the return on the considerable investment that many organizations are already making into content .
At Acrolinx , we 've got a very clear mission .
We help the world 's greatest brands create amazing content .
As part of our commitment to fulfilling that mission , we 're always looking at ways to enhance our content optimization software so that it 's a more powerful and effective tool for you to use .
That 's why today we 're excited to announce the launch of Acrolinx 5.0 .
It 's our same great content optimization software , but with some pretty exciting new features and benefits .
In fact , the upgrades we 've made to this latest version of Acrolinx focus on three main areas : Scale .
We 've made it easier for large organizations to deploy Acrolinx so that they can start getting benefits from it faster than ever before .
Reach .
We 've introduced a bunch of new integrations so that you can analyze your content using virtually any content authoring tool .
Usability .
We 've made Acrolinx 5.0 even more user-friendly and easy to work with so that anyone in your company can quickly become an expert user .
Acrolinx 5.0 offers five new features that are worth pointing out : 1 ) Our new Guidance Wizard helps you quickly identify the perfect terminology and style for your content .
We 've rolled out a new Guidance Wizard that 's incredibly smart .
It analyzes all of the issues that our software finds in your content and gives you recommendations on how to improve the guidance you offer your writers .
So whether you 're updating your terminology or tweaking your style rules , the Guidance Wizard lets Acrolinx adapt to your content and give your writers better guidance .
That means they 'll be able to create better content faster .
2 ) Our new Content Analyzer makes it easy to evaluate and score big chunks of content .
Our new Content Analyzer is powerful .
Just point it at any file folder , URL , or content repository and get the overall Acrolinx Score for that content in its entirety as well as document-level details for style , terminology , grammar , and spelling .
And you can easily export the report to your favorite spreadsheet application for more slicing and dicing to help you stay on top of content quality trends , team performance , and ROI .
3 ) Acrolinx Essentials is a guidance package to kick-start your Acrolinx implementation .
The Acrolinx Essentials Guidance Package gives you an out-of-the-box set of writing guidelines based on best practices from hundreds of successful customers .
The new guidance package helps you get up and running quickly and then tune your writing guidelines over time .
4 ) A variety of new Acrolinx integrations help you create amazing content no matter where you write .
Use Acrolinx anywhere you create content .
With Acrolinx 5.0 , we 're offering new integrations with Adobe Experience Manager , Adobe Creative Cloud ( InDesign and InCopy ) , Google Docs , Google Sheets , and WordPress .
You can also use our new browser add-ons for Chrome and Firefox or the new Desktop Checker for Mac to analyze content almost anywhere .
5 ) New Voice Guidance gives you step-by-step recommendations on how to improve your tone of voice .
Our new Voice Guidance gives you step-by-step recommendations on how to fine-tune the clarity of your content .
You 'll get feedback on the specific parts of your content where the tone is n't on-target , and specific suggestions on how to improve your text .
That means it will be a lot easier to guide your writers and ensure that everything you create is on-brand and on-target .
Check out Acrolinx 5.0 and let us know what you think .
Or , if you are n't using Acrolinx yet , maybe now 's the perfect time to start .
Our software is more powerful than ever and will make a quick and significant impact on the way your company creates content .
It 's almost that time of year again !
We 're thrilled to announce that Content Connections , our virtual conference for content professionals , is coming back this November .
In case you were n't one of the hundreds of people who participated in this free , one-day virtual conference last year , here 's your chance to sign up for what 's already promising to be a really great event .
If you 're not already familiar with Content Connections , it 's a fantastic opportunity to learn about all of the latest trends in content .
We 're talking about the kinds of things you 'll want to know if you 're a content marketer , a technical communicator , someone who works in localization , or if you 're just a language geek like we are .
And one of the best parts of it is that since it 's virtual , you can participate from anywhere and come and go to as many sessions as you want , as often as you want , all day long .
But just because it 's virtual — yes , you can wear your robe and bunny slippers if you want — that does n't mean that you wo n't hear from some truly amazing presenters .
This year we 've got an impressive lineup of speakers that already includes industry giants such as Joe Pulizzi , Ann Handley , Robert Rose , Doug Kessler , Scott Brinker , and Andrew Davis .
We even have the amazing Jeff Bullas coming to us all the way from the Land Down Under .
Plus , you 'll hear from content professionals working in the trenches at some of your favorite brands .
Last year , for example , we had presenters from Facebook , IBM , HubSpot , Moody 's , Siemens , and PayPal , among others .
While we 're still sorting out this year 's list of presenters , we promise they 'll represent an equally exciting array of brands .
To give you a better sense of what you can expect , check out these great presentations from last year ( you 'll find a link to a video of each presentation embedded in each post ) : The Power of Insane Honesty in Content Marketing BOOSTING MOMENTUM : The Simple Secret Smart Brands Employ to Turn Regular Content Into Extraordinary Success !
Epic Content Marketing in 5 Steps Better , Faster , Cheaper : How Facebook , Moody 's , and CA Approach Agile Content Development Quantity vs. Quality : A Fight for Sore Eyes And , as if that were n't enough , here are the top 10 reasons why you just ca n't afford to miss out on Content Connections .
OK , you caught us .
We 're recycling those reasons from last year , but hey , they still apply so why not ?
Now dear readers , please take note .
This year we 're holding Content Connections over three days this November .
The fun kicks off on November 1 for participants in North America .
Then it continues in Europe with a session in German on November 2 and another in English on November 3 .
You can sign up for whichever day makes the most sense for you by visiting this registration page .
It 's free .
It 's informative .
It 's your chance to learn a lot .
Sign up for Content Connections 2016 today !
We ca n't wait to see you there .
Rockwell Automation is a global provider of industrial automation equipment that 's been serving the food and beverage , entertainment , and manufacturing industries , among others , for over 100 years .
Like most companies , the Milwaukee-based business is always trying to produce more with less .
For its technical and marketing communication teams , that 's meant not only keeping up with a growing demand for great content , but also making it available in a variety of languages .
As a global company with more than 20,000 employees worldwide , creating and maintaining high-quality , consistent documentation has always been a top priority at Rockwell .
Given the international nature of the business , so has managing translation costs .
When Rockwell decided to upgrade its outdated translation management system , it realized that finding a better way to rationalize its terminology while also improving the quality of its source content was going to be the key to more cost-effective translations .
Enter Kathleen Ruggeri , Rockwell 's Manager of Information Architecture and Content Strategy , and the person tasked with solving this problem .
When Kathleen began looking for possible solutions , she discovered an article written by Val Swisher , the Founder and CEO of Content Rules , and one of Acrolinx 's implementation partners .
She soon concluded that our content optimization platform could help .
After learning about Acrolinx , she found out that we could help her company automate many of its content creation processes , including its terminology management , as well as create better , more consistent content that would be easier and less expensive to translate .
Eventually she signed up Rockwell to start using the platform .
Rockwell 's Path to Acrolinx Adoption Once Kathleen decided to make Rockwell an Acrolinx customer , the first thing she did was to initiate a pilot program to start rolling out the software on a limited basis .
She selected a small team of writers and editors that spanned the company 's marketing and technical communication teams .
Then she organized some basic training for them , and let them use Acrolinx for several months using the software 's out-of-the-box settings and rule sets .
Taking this approach had several advantages .
First , it allowed her to obtain a lot of feedback about what worked well for Rockwell 's writers and editors , and what would require customization to align with the company 's unique writing and terminology guidelines .
All of this intel would later go to good use when she rolled out the software more broadly with custom rule sets .
It also helped justify that wider rollout to the rest of the organization because she had real data that she could point to about how Acrolinx was helping to improve Rockwell 's content .
The last and perhaps biggest advantage of Kathleen 's approach was that she was able to transform this group of early adopters into super users of the software .
They ultimately served as ambassadors to the rest of the company , acting as resources to the other writers and editors who started using Acrolinx after them .
Doing so meant that they were available to answer questions and provide support , while also helping ensure that there was some momentum and enthusiasm within Rockwell for adopting the platform .
Another tactic that Rockwell used to great success was turning one of their editing resources into a full-time Acrolinx admin whose job was to help manage the software across the organization .
That person was in charge of managing various aspects of Acrolinx , such as updating the terminology library it used to keep up with Rockwell 's ever-changing requirements , responding to questions , and ensuring that everything ran smoothly .
Rockwell ultimately had a fairly large Acrolinx deployment , with 75 professionals using the platform across the enterprise .
Although there were many moving parts , Kathleen and her team decided that their mantra was going to be `` happy adoption , '' and they did a great job of making that happen thanks to their well-planned implementation .
Swisher attributes the successful implementation to being well organized and taking the time to customize the approach for Rockwell 's specific situation .
The Results Today , Rockwell checks more than 300 docs — the equivalent of about 2 million words — every month using Acrolinx .
The company 's writers and editors use Acrolinx diligently and have seen significant improvements in their content as a result .
One of the biggest advantages has been that with Acrolinx , Rockwell has been able to simplify its terminology management .
Whereas in the past writers would have had to manually confirm that they were using the right terms by consulting a spreadsheet with thousands of options , today Acrolinx helps ensure that they use the right terms seamlessly within the content authoring tool that they 're using .
Thanks to this and the general improvements in content quality , the company has been able to reduce its translation costs .
For example , the manuals that Rockwell has been producing since it started using Acrolinx have on average 65 percent fewer flags during the translation process , which saves both time and money .
Kathleen could n't be happier .
She and the writers and editors at Rockwell Automation feel like they 've made an important investment that 's helped make their team more efficient and effective .
On July 4 , 1776 , the Second Continental Congress met in Philadelphia to adopt the Declaration of Independence .
In it , the Founding Fathers stated that the 13 American colonies viewed themselves as independent sovereign states that should no longer be subject to British rule .
And so , with the stroke of a pen ( or more likely the stroke of a feather quill ) , the United States of America was born .
While Independence Day might be a great time to reflect on the founding of our nation , we 'll stop the history lesson there .
We 're content geeks after all , not history buffs .
But , considering that the Declaration of Independence is one of the most important pieces of content ever written , we think that it 's worth taking a moment to appreciate .
At 1,337 words , it 's not a terribly long document — just twice the length of this blog post — yet it packs a real punch and is an impressive reminder of the power of words .
In case you need a refresher , one of the Declaration 's best-known lines comes in the preamble : We hold these truths to be self-evident , that all men are created equal , that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable Rights , that among these are Life , Liberty and the pursuit of Happiness .
This one sentence is not only almost universally recognizable , it 's also been said to contain some of the `` most potent and consequential words in American history . ''
It was the power of these words that helped to inspire the colonists , that put a stake in the ground with Great Britain , and that ultimately allowed us to create the country that we know today .
More Than Words While there are many lessons that can be learned from the Declaration of Independence , for today 's content creators it 's this : You 've got to take care to create content that 's more than the sum of its parts , that inspires others , and that makes a lasting impression .
Admittedly that 's no small feat , particularly if you work for a B2B company and spend your days marketing complex products or creating the technical content necessary to support them .
While it takes inspiration , creativity , and drive , there are some simple things that you can do to help put you on the path to creating great content that really resonates with your audience .
That includes : Knowing your audience .
Understand who you 're writing for , what they care about , and what 's going to inspire and motivate them to take a specific action .
To do this , you 've got to do your homework and take the time to learn about your customers , what their problems and pain points are , and what they want to hear about from you Adopting the right tone of voice for that audience .
You need to tailor your tone of voice to match the people you 're writing for .
While in today 's world that increasingly means adopting a voice that 's more casual and conversational , it 's important to figure out in much more specific detail what kind of voice will work best for your audience .
( Need help doing this ?
Check out our eBook on tone of voice . )
Being consistent .
Make sure that once you know your audience and what tone of voice to use with them , that you use that voice consistently in all of the content you create .
If you do n't , you risk creating confusion among your target audience by giving them the sense that your brand is n't aligned and that you 're not speaking with one voice .
So this year , as you celebrate the Fourth of July and sit back to watch the fireworks , just remember that words can be very powerful tools .
The Founding Fathers proved that with the Declaration of Independence .
As a content creator , it 's your job to try to do the same thing with every new piece of content that you publish .
While that takes creativity and inspiration , knowing your audience , adopting the right tone for that audience , and being consistent in your use of that tone will certainly help take you a long way .
Content : It 's everywhere .
And , managing it is getting out of hand .
Content is difficult to manage because , until recently , it was seldom thought of as a business asset worthy of measurement .
But that 's quickly changing .
Measuring takes the guesswork out of business .
Collecting metrics allows companies to focus their efforts on quantifiable factors ( key performance indicators ) that are directly linked to achievable business goals .
Measurement allows us to know whether the time , effort , and money we invest in what we do is worth it .
Metrics provide us with actionable data on which we can make informed business decisions .
To create high-quality content , we must measure our content against a formal set of quality criteria .
And , in order to scale content production , we must automate as much of the measurement process as possible .
By leveraging the power of computers and artificial intelligence , we can do that today .
The Need for a Content-Quality Performance Scorecard The words we choose to use have a tremendous impact on others .
We know this instinctively .
The right words can inform , instruct , and inspire .
The wrong ones can confuse , confound , and contradict .
Content conveys the personality of your brand .
It often represents the first impression of your company .
It projects your values and sets expectations for both prospects and customers alike .
Producing high-quality content is critical to business success .
Quality content follows rules ( sentence structure , spelling , punctuation , and grammar ) .
It is also easy to read and understand .
High-quality content is consistent in style and structure , and in tone of voice .
Writers and editors have traditionally been responsible for ensuring the right words are used — and the wrong ones are not .
They work to make certain that your content is of high quality .
But , despite their best efforts , writers and editors are error-prone .
Not only that , they are not scalable .
Armed with style guides , desktop dictionaries , and thesauri , writers attempt to craft high-quality content that complies with a lengthy checklist of rules they must first study , learn , and use .
When they make a mistake , an editor is expected to catch the error .
But that 's not always what happens .
Editors are often overburdened and are just as likely to make mistakes as their writers .
Most editors rely on outdated mechanical ( manual ) editing processes to catch an increasing array of content problems , many of which may introduce unnecessary legal , regulatory , and financial risks .
Performance scorecards provide us with a set of rules against which to measure content quality .
What Are Performance Scorecards , Exactly ?
Performance scorecards are management tools designed to help us monitor our progress over time toward an organizational goal .
Scorecards contain targets ( goals we strive to achieve ) and key performance indicators ( measurements that tell us whether we are reaching our goals or not ) .
Well-designed performance scorecards use commonly understood visual metaphors to allow us to quickly determine whether we are on the right track or not .
The data they present are the visual answer to the question : `` How well are we doing ? ''
Performance scorecards are in use across all industry sectors and vertical markets .
They are most effective when they are designed to capture outcomes ( how well we did ) and when we build rewards into the system .
As leadership guru John E. Jones once said : `` What gets measured gets done .
What gets measured and fed back gets done well .
What gets rewarded gets repeated . ''
Producing High-Quality Content : Why Performance Scorecards Matter Performance scorecards provide insights into our strengths and weaknesses .
They help us see opportunity for improvement , provide us with a way to prioritize our efforts , and ensure that we are meeting business goals .
But collecting performance data manually is slow , inconsistent , and error-prone .
Performance measurements are most valuable when integrated into software tools we use to create content .
By automatically capturing relevant measurements and providing real-time feedback to content creators , we can reduce the amount of work required to produce high-quality content .
Faster time-to-market , increased consistency , and reduced costs are some of the many benefits of such an approach .
Producing High-Quality Content : Why Performance Scorecards Fail Scorecards are not magical .
They do n't do anything by themselves .
Their value is heavily dependent on how they are executed .
The biggest reasons why performance scorecards fail is disagreement over what data to measure , how to measure and collect it , and what the resulting findings mean .
To be successful , scorecard data must be defined in the same way by everyone using it .
All parties involved must agree on a common definition of the data being collected .
Data should be uniformly measured and specific actions taken as a result of the findings .
There are other reasons scorecards fail .
One of the most important to recognize is that some people do n't like the idea of being monitored .
There are many reasons why people dislike being monitored .
First , measuring means paying attention to details .
Not everyone wants that level of scrutiny paid to their work .
Second , some people see performance monitoring as a way to measure their personal performance .
Scorecards are used most often to ensure business outcomes , not to monitor people .
To ensure that performance scorecards provide the most value to the organization , it 's important to communicate what is actually being measured .
For example , the marketing communication team at Illumina , a Silicon Valley medical device manufacturer , uses a content scorecard system to determine what content performs the best .
Writers use Acrolinx software to score the content they create in real time .
The software measures adherence to standard linguistic , grammar , spelling , and punctuation rules .
It also provides readability scores and allows the company to encode its writing , style , branding , and corporate terminology rules into the authoring process .
Before publication , each piece of content is scored .
Scores for each piece of content produced are stored as metadata in the company 's content management system .
The marketing team combines content quality scores from Acrolinx with typical web content metrics ( number of visitors , length of visit , and on-site behavior , including number of actions completed ) .
They do this to show that content quality metrics do matter .
Illumina has found that content that meets quality standards often outperforms content produced without the benefit of automated , real-time scoring .
Seeing It in Action : Scoring This Article I wrote the first draft of this article without the help of content scoring software .
Once I was happy with it , I sent it to an editor .
Then , we ran the edited draft through Acrolinx .
The draft scored fairly well ( 77 out of 100 ) , but there were grammar and style violations .
And , it was n't written as clearly as it could have been .
But , with just a few changes recommended by Acrolinx , I was able to make improvements that raised my overall Acrolinx Score .
And , I spotted some errors that emerged during the writing and editing process .
Using a scorecard approach makes producing quality content the focus of our work , not micromanaging writers and editors .
Acrolinx is designed to guide content creators toward the creation of quality content .
Content that complies with an agreed-upon set of rules .
Content that follows an agreed-upon style .
Content that meets customer expectations and helps us achieve business goals .
To create high-quality content at scale , we ca n't rely on human editors alone .
Instead , we must leverage the power of software to help us .
We must automate the measurement process as much as possible .
By leveraging the power of Acrolinx , we can do that today .
The dog days of summer have arrived .
It 's hot out , the sun is shining , and maybe you wish you were at the beach rather than at work .
At times like these , it can be easy to get distracted , feel less than inspired , and not be particularly motivated to do your work .
Everyone 's on vacation , darn it .
Should n't you be too ?
Well , somebody 's got to work ( including your friends on the Acrolinx blogging team ) , and as long as we do , should n't we aim to do the best job that we can ?
OK , maybe that 's easier said than done .
Especially if you 're reading this while sitting next to a window on a sunny day , just aching to get outside .
Then , you see an ice cream truck go by .
Ah , ice cream … Uh , do n't mind us .
Anywho , the good news is that we 're here to help by giving you a small dose of inspiration .
Hopefully it 's just what you need to feel a bit more motivated — and , dare we say it , reinvigorated — so that you keep on creating amazing content .
That inspiration takes the form of 21 quotes that we 've gathered from writers , content , marketers , and other well-known experts : 1 ) `` Be specific enough to be believable and universal enough to be relevant . ''
Ann Handley , Chief Content Officer , MarketingProfs 2 ) `` Think of it more as publishing instead of marketing .
Be authentic as a publisher and create content that helps you connect to everyone else…because they 're already connected . ''
Mitch Joel , President , Twist Image 3 ) `` Every piece of your content should be excellent , enough that customers are compelled to share it . ''
Joe Pulizzi , Founder , Content Marketing Institute 4 ) `` The beautiful part of writing is that you do n't have to get it right the first time , unlike , say , a brain surgeon . ''
Robert Cormier , Author 5 ) `` Why waste a sentence saying nothing ? ''
Seth Godin , Author and Entrepreneur 6 ) `` Make it simple .
Make it memorable .
Make it inviting to look at .
Make it fun to read . ''
Leo Burnett , Advertising Executive 7 ) `` Content is anything that adds value to the reader 's life . ''
Avinash Kaushik , Digital Marketing Evangelist , Google 8 ) `` Your goal should be to own quality time in your customer 's inbox . ''
Andrew Davis , Content Marketing Speaker , Author 9 ) `` Traditional marketing and advertising is telling the world you 're a rock star .
Content Marketing is showing the world that you are one . ''
Robert Rose , Chief Strategist , Content Marketing Institute 10 ) `` Here 's everything you need to know about creating killer content in 3 simple words : Clear .
Concise .
Compelling . ''
Demian Farnworth , Writer 11 ) `` Content marketing is like a first date .
If all you do is talk about yourself , there wo n't be a second date . ''
David Beebe , Vice President , Global Creative + Content Marketing , Marriott International 12 ) `` Content is the emotional and informational bridge between commerce and consumer . ''
Jay Baer , President & Social Media and Content Marketing Strategist , Convince & Convert 13 ) `` Just as your content needs to target customers at every step of their journey with you , it also needs to appeal to their rational and emotional sides .
Every customer needs to have their interest piqued , engagement provoked and confidence built . ''
Mark Wilson , Senior Vice President of Marketing , Blackberry 14 ) `` If you can take your personality and inject it into the message you share , you 'll be one step ahead in the content marketing game . ''
Jason Miller , Global Content Marketing Leader , LinkedIn 15 ) `` Content builds relationships .
Relationships are built on trust .
Trust drives revenue . ''
Andrew Davis , Content Marketing Speaker , Author 16 ) `` Content that understands its audience will be good content .
Content that does n't , ca n't be . ''
Doug Kessler , Co-Founder , Velocity Partners 17 ) `` You need to create ridiculously good content – content that is useful , enjoyable and inspired . ''
Ann Handley , Chief Content Officer , MarketingProfs 18 ) `` If it 's not relevant , it 's just noise . ''
Jason Miller , Global Content Marketing Leader , LinkedIn 19 ) `` If you 're not putting out relevant content in relevant places , you do n't exist . ''
Gary Vaynerchuk , CEO , VaynerMedia 20 ) `` You are competing with every piece of content ever made for people 's attention .
You need to be entertaining .
Do n't out-smart .
Out-entertain . ''
Dolf van der Brink , President & CEO , Heineken USA 21 ) `` Traditional marketing talks at people .
Content marketing talks with them . ''
Doug Kessler , Co-Founder , Velocity Partners There you have it folks .
If you do n't feel inspired , we suggest you read these quotes again .
And if that still does n't work , well , then maybe it 's time to go get an ice cream .
Developing and executing a successful content strategy is n't easy .
We know firsthand and , if you 're a content person , then you probably do too .
But here 's the thing : Most of us are in the same boat .
We hit home runs with our content one week and then have misses the next .
We think our strategy is dead on today only to decide we need to make major adjustments to it tomorrow .
The fact is that we 're all grappling with similar challenges and doing our best to try to build our brands and create better experiences for our customers .
We can say that with total confidence because we recently got to hear from a lot of you when we co-hosted an unconference ( yup , you read that right ) about content strategy with the folks at PayPal .
If you have n't been to an unconference before , the idea is pretty simple .
Rather than have a room full of people listening to presenters and staring at PowerPoint presentations all day , we wanted to bring a bunch of smart people together for a day-long open discussion .
And that 's exactly what we got .
In fact , we had over 40 content professionals turn up representing more than 30 companies , including the likes of Adobe , Google , LinkedIn , Microsoft , PayPal , and SAP , among others .
They came to talk and exchange ideas about the challenges that they 're facing in developing and executing their content strategies .
Since you very well may be facing these same challenges , we wanted to briefly share them with you .
They effectively fell into three main buckets : Keeping up With the Never-Ending Demand for Content Just about every organization struggles to keep up with the demand for content given the seemingly endless appetite for it , and the realities of the resource constraints they have to work with .
And , beyond just the sheer volume of content that they have to create , they 're also challenged with ensuring that their content is of the highest quality , that it 's always consistent and aligned to their specific target personas , and that it 's on-brand .
When you 've got lots of different writers contributing to your content strategy — particularly if they 're not in your department , your office , or even your country — that can easily become a major pain point .
It certainly was for the majority of people who attended our unconference .
The solution ?
A lot of companies are bringing agile practices into their content creation processes .
To learn more , check out this post that we published last year that explains how Facebook , Moody 's , and CA are approaching agile content development .
Trying to Control All of the Chaos Another area that the attendees said they struggle with is managing all of the moving parts associated with their content .
That included everything from bringing the right people to the table for discussions about content , to getting buy in , to understanding their audience and creating personas for each segment , to ensuring consistency and cohesive messaging , to delegating work to a growing team of people .
The fact is that being involved in creating and distributing your company 's content is a massive job , and one that seems to get more complicated every day .
While there 's no one solution to the problems that we 're all facing , the good news is that there 's plenty of new technology available that 's helping to make them a little easier to deal with .
In fact , by the latest count there are nearly 3,900 different marketing technologies out there that can help you with just about any issue you 're facing .
Measuring the Intangible The final main problem area that came up during our unconference was the challenge of measuring so many intangible — yet incredibly important — aspects of content .
That includes things such as your brand , as well as the voice and style of your content , your use of terminology , and the overall impression that your content makes .
While some of those areas definitely remain a bit squishy ( yes , we 're talking about your brand ) , others such as the quality of your content , and whether or not it 's on-target with your style preferences and accurately reflects the proper terminology , are a lot more straightforward .
In fact , those are all areas that Acrolinx 's software can help you with .
( To learn more , check out this overview of our platform . )
The Bottom Line Developing and executing a content strategy that works and delivers everything your company needs is n't easy .
All kinds of companies — big and small — struggle with this .
But the good news is that you 're not alone in the battle , and that you can also learn from what your peers are doing to solve these challenges .
As we 've seen here , many of them are adopting agile content development practices and embracing technology to try to get ahead and meet the growing demands being placed on them .
Content is king , it is often said .
But judging by the results of a recent report , the king 's claim to the throne is in question .
And , if that were n't bad enough , his would-be loyal subjects may not be as loyal as he previously believed .
This article examines content quality and asks the question : How does your content rate ?
Last year , content quality platform provider Acrolinx released the initial findings of its Global Content Impact Index .
In this first-of-its-kind study of global content quality , Acrolinx employed its proprietary linguistic analytics engine to parse 20 million sentences ( more than 160 million words ) produced by 340 global companies .
150,000 pages of marketing , corporate , technical , and customer support content was analyzed based on thousands of rules that fit into three general categories : Spelling and grammar — the mechanics of the content Style and readability — how readable the content is Voice — how formal or informal the content is Content Quality Ratings : Numbers That Give Pause The study alarmingly discovered that 69 % of the brands evaluated had inferior content .
In fact , the companies examined earned overall content impact scores below Acrolinx 's benchmark of 72 points , the lowest threshold for content to be considered effective .
Overall , only 19 % of the organizations analyzed produced high-quality content consistently , regardless of where in the business the content came from .
Retail businesses scored the highest in content quality at an average of 73.2 points .
Telecommunications companies , on the other hand , earned an average score of 66.2 points .
There was a small silver lining .
46 % of the companies scrutinized had variance scores of fewer than seven points ( meaning they 're creating content that 's sufficiently consistent to avoid brand erosion ) .
The key takeaway is that a whopping 81 % of enterprises need to either improve content quality , ensure that their content is more consistent , or both .
Adding salt to the wound , a follow-up study by Acrolinx found that less than 20 % of these companies created high-quality content on a consistent basis .
Why Quality Content Matters 70 % of marketers are creating more content than ever before , according to the Content Marketing Institute .
But with greater content volume comes increased risk .
Mistakes , inconsistencies , and inferior quality are often the result .
Add to the mix consumer expectations .
A study of British consumers found that content quality impacts consumers ' desire to buy .
59 % of those surveyed said they would not buy from a company that has poor grammar or spelling errors on its website or in its marketing materials .
`` Five years ago was when the market started exploding around content — there was a shift in digital channels .
That massive shift created a gigantic burden on content to perform , which resulted in companies having to create a lot more content , '' says Dr. Andrew Bredenkamp , founder and CEO of Acrolinx .
`` But these companies have had no way to measure how well the content is performing other than anecdotal measurements such as page views and social sharing .
It 's like driving a car down the road at 100 mph and trying to navigate by looking in the rearview mirror — you 're not looking forward to see how this content will perform , you 're looking at things that have happened in the past . ''
Bredenkamp says that global content quality is way below average and accurately measuring content is crucial today to compete effectively .
`` Poor quality content has a major impact that can lead to lack of competitiveness , lost sales , and decreased customer loyalty , '' he says .
Additionally , inconsistent content quality confuses customers and makes them think they 're being sold and marketed to by multiple people instead of one organization — which can cripple your brand .
But content with consistent quality produces favorable consumer experiences , resulting in improved credibility , trust , and reputation for the company and increased satisfaction for the customer .
A 2014 study by McKinsey & Company bears this out .
A third study released by Acrolinx in April of this year showed that higher-quality content increased purchase intent two-fold and conversion rates three-fold .
To Boldly Go Where No Content Quality Study Has Gone Before Bredenkamp notes that Acrolinx chose to conduct this research for two key reasons .
`` First , we wanted to elevate the conversation about content quality in the marketplace .
Business leaders are investing in content to help drive their businesses .
Most have no idea how to measure and improve their content , '' says Bredenkamp .
`` Second , we wanted to introduce to a broader audience the idea of content scoring .
We have a unique technology engine that can score and analyze tens of thousands of pieces of content .
Today , it is possible to quantify content quality . ''
Ask Bredenkamp who should be paying attention to the data , and he 'll tell you that it 's in every content professional 's interest .
`` The chief marketing officer needs to care because content is a reflection of the brand .
Middle managers and vice presidents of marketing responsible for supervising large libraries of content need to have a way to gauge effectiveness long before the content is published .
And writers especially need to be aware , as they are in a position to create content for a wide range of topics and are often responsible for memorizing the brand terms and style guides for tens of thousands of products and services — which is incredibly difficult , '' he says .
The challenge is that many companies operate in silos .
`` Imagine , '' says Bredenkamp , `` a huge company like IBM trying to get thousands of employed writers to compose copy the same way .
It 's impossible to get that many people writing content consistently based on some kind of defined style guide , '' he says .
`` Especially when you add the complexity of different languages , different products , and different brands . ''
Taking Steps to Improve Content Quality So , what 's a busy company that needs to constantly — and reliably — churn out copy to do ?
`` At minimum , there needs to be a voice of concern in every organization that acknowledges content quality as an important topic , just like product quality was in the 1980s , '' says Bredenkamp .
`` Second , organizations must have an objective way to measure content quality .
And third , new tools and technologies should be adopted that help companies create consistently high-quality content every time . ''
`` Companies that give priority to content quality will have an advantage in the years to come because they will have high-quality content driving sales , revenue , and customer loyalty , '' adds Bredenkamp .
So have you gotten caught up in all of the Pokémon Go hype yet ?
If you have n't yourself , at the very least you probably know someone who has .
Or perhaps you 've seen it covered in the news or in your social media feeds .
Or maybe you 've gotten to enjoy the truly bizarre experience of watching people swarm in public places , using their phones to do battle with these little virtual creatures .
Even Justin Bieber was caught playing the game in the middle of Central Park the other day .
If you happen to be one of the uninitiated , let us quickly explain .
Released in early July , Pokémon Go is a free , location-based augmented reality game that you play on your mobile phone .
It uses your phone 's camera and GPS to help you track down little creatures called Pokémon , which appear on your screen as if they were part of the real world .
Part of the game 's appeal , particularly among millennials , is the nostalgia they feel playing a revamped version of a childhood favorite .
The original Pokémon games were popular in the mid to late 1990s .
Pokémon Go has been a sensation that has not only exhilarated millions of fans , but also sent Nintendo 's stock price soaring .
What Does Finding a Pidgey Have to Do With Content Marketing ?
If we take a step back from all of the excitement , there are some valuable lessons to be learned from Pokémon Go 's success .
For content marketers , those lessons are : Do n't hesitate to resurrect an old favorite .
As we noted above , Pokémon Go is n't exactly new .
It 's a game that 's 20 years old and that 's simply been given new life .
Let that be a reminder to all of you content marketers that you too can dust off your old , top-performing content ( think old reports , white papers , and eBooks ) and put them to work for you again .
We 're not suggesting that you simply republish what you 've got , however .
Although Pokémon Go is a nod to an old classic , it offers a fresh new take on it , which is why it 's exciting .
You 've got to take a similar approach with your content .
That means updating it with the latest information , putting it into context for the current environment , and even giving it a new design .
If you do it well , you can get extra mileage out of an existing piece , which is often a lot easier than starting something new from scratch .
Always strive to go viral .
To achieve the kind of widespread visibility and success with your content that Pokémon Go has is probably every content marketer 's dream .
Of course , making that dream a reality is a lot easier said than done .
For Pokémon Go , the secret has been tapping into the nostalgia factor , making a version of the game that 's far more engaging and interactive than most , and making it free to use and easy to get your hands on .
While there 's no silver bullet to creating viral content , if you study examples such as this one , you may start to figure out how to create your own .
Stay on the cutting edge .
Part of the appeal of Pokémon Go is that it leverages augmented reality ( that 's the bit that allows those pesky Pokémon to appear on your screen as if they were right in front of you in real life ) .
As content marketers , we can easily default to creating our standard eBooks , white papers , and ( ahem ) even blog posts , and distributing them on our websites and social channels .
But the reality is that within a couple of years , the types of content that we need to produce and the way that we 'll distribute that content is set to change .
As messaging apps continue to gain popularity , for example , they may very well become the dominant platform for content distribution .
What it all comes down to is that , if you have n't played Pokémon Go yet you should .
And while you are , let its creativity inspire you to find new ways to improve your content .
By now we 've all heard how Melania Trump plagiarized portions of the speech she gave last week at the Republican National Convention .
And , no matter whether that was her fault or the fault of one of the speechwriters who suddenly popped up around her when the news broke , we can all thank Mrs. Trump for giving us a very public reminder of why plagiarism is never a good idea .
The reason is simple : beyond the not-so-little issue of ethics , plagiarism is nothing more than a short-term solution to a problem — laziness , a lack of originality , or take your pick — that ultimately leaves you exposed to a huge amount of long-term risk .
Basically , it 's a trade-off .
You take someone else 's words or ideas , thus saving yourself a fair amount of time , hard work , and , in some cases , even anguish .
In exchange , you accept that there could be consequences down the line if you 're ever found out and just hope that you never are .
In Melania 's case , discovery came almost the moment she opened her mouth .
In others , however , it can be days , weeks , months , or even years until the other shoe drops .
Either way , the result is the same .
If you get caught , your reputation is tarnished , all of your work gets called into question , and people start to doubt your integrity .
Now , if you only give speeches at the RNC when you 're potentially going to become the First Lady , eventually things probably blow over .
If , however , you 're a writer by profession , you 're in a very different boat .
Suddenly that little bit of pain that you avoided by not writing something original seems like a pretty minor inconvenience compared to the world of pain you find yourself in .
Not only does your reputation suffer , your whole career could be on the line .
A World Full of Cheaters ?
It 's easy to take aim at Mrs. Trump because she got caught in a very public way , and has been skewered for it by the media .
But it 's not as though she 's the first to have plagiarized something ( whether knowingly or not ) , nor will she be the last .
In fact , according to one survey of high school students at public and private schools , one in three admitted to having used the Internet to plagiarize an assignment .
In another survey of 24,000 students across 70 high schools , 58 percent admitted to plagiarism .
By the time they get to college or graduate school , people 's sense of integrity tends to rise .
Even so , a third survey shows that 36 percent of undergraduates and 24 percent of graduate students admit to paraphrasing or copying a few sentences from an Internet source without footnoting it .
There are also plenty of other examples of high-profile plagiarists getting caught in the act .
A recent article from PlagiarismToday.com , for instance , details the stories of people such as Martin Luther King Jr. , Jane Goodall , Johnny Cash , Helen Keller , and T.S .
Eliot getting entwined in plagiarism scandals .
What to Do in a World Where Nothing 's Original Anymore ?
If you 're concerned about plagiarism ( and you certainly should be ) , there are things that you can do to put your mind at ease .
The first is to check your content to see if it is actually copying someone else 's .
If you Google around , you can find a variety of tools ( some free , some not ) that offer this service .
The other thing that you can do is make sure that you always give credit where credit is due .
There 's nothing wrong with borrowing someone else 's words or ideas , provided you make it clear to your audience that that 's what you 're doing .
When in doubt , link to original sources , use footnotes and bibliographies , and , by all means , let it be known that you 've consulted other works as part of your writing process .
While it will be interesting to see how Mrs. Trump manages her way through this bump on the campaign trail , take a lesson from her and do n't let it happen to you .
It 's really just not worth it .
It 's summer time .
Hopefully , for most of you , that means vacation 's ahead and maybe even some lazy days spent relaxing at the beach or by the pool .
If so , chances are that you 'll need some good reading material to help you while away those idle , sun-soaked afternoons .
Although your go-to may be a good detective novel , that biography you 've been meaning to read all year , or just the latest issue of People magazine , we 've got some other suggestions you should definitely consider .
Below are seven awesome books about writing , content , and language .
Now , before you balk at the idea of bringing anything work-related with you on vacation , let us dispel that notion for you straight away .
Yes , these books all have to do with creating better content in one way or another , but they 're also fun and entertaining reads that we think you 'll not only enjoy , but also learn from .
We certainly did .
If you 've got some free time on your hands this summer , these are all worthy of your attention : 1 ) On Writing : A Memoir of the Craft We love this book .
If you 're a Stephen King fan , chances are that you will too .
That 's because King not only offers some really practical , hands on advice for how to write better , more engaging content ( advice that can easily be applied to business writing too , we might add ) , he also opens up about his personal life and shares the fascinating story of how he became one of the world 's most successful novelists .
Find out how he came to write some of his classic works like `` Carrie '' while working in a laundromat , and how to craft narratives that will keep your readers on the edge of their seats .
2 ) Everybody Writes : Your Guide to Creating Ridiculously Good Content In `` Everybody Writes , '' Ann Handley serves up a go-to guide to attracting and retaining customers through stellar online communication .
She describes it as `` part writing guide , a part handbook on the rules of good sportsmanship in content marketing , and all-around reliable desk companion for anyone creating or directing content on behalf of brands . ''
We like this book so much , and find it so useful , that we wrote our own review of it when it came out in 2014 .
3 ) On Writing Well : The Classic Guide to Writing Nonfiction While not a technical guide to writing better , this book offers a series of fantastic essays in which William Zinsser explores some of the many factors that will help you write like a pro .
In addition to outlining some basic principles of good writing , he provides some industry-specific tips and advice for business writing as well as writing about science and technology , people , sports , and travel , among other areas .
It 's a nice read that 's well written and offers the kind of sound advice that just about every nonfiction writer could benefit from .
4 ) Eats , Shoots & Leaves : The Zero Tolerance Approach to Punctuation If you appreciate the importance of proper punctuation , then you have a lot in common with Lynne Truss .
In `` Eats , Shoots & Leaves , '' she chastises those who have gotten lazy with their use of punctuation ( e.g. , the kind of folks who use its and it 's interchangeably ) and not only explains how to use punctuation correctly , but also offers its history along with some examples of very humorous situations that have arisen when it was used incorrectly .
5 ) Writing Tools : 55 Essential Strategies for Every Writer Roy Peter Clark has been called America 's writing coach , and in `` Writing Tools '' we see yet another example of why .
In it , he presents a series of tools and strategies to help writers create better content .
With each new section of the book , Clark offers his insights on why to avoid overusing adverbs , for example , or how to incorporate storytelling into your prose .
While definitely targeted at nonfiction writers , this book still provides many relevant tools and suggestions that writers should always try to incorporate into their craft .
6 ) The Mother Tongue : English and How It Got That Way If you 're familiar with Bill Bryson , then you know what a funny and entertaining writing style he has .
While this book is n't about writing per se , it is about the origins — and quirks — of the English language .
From the descent of the larynx into the throat ( which is why you can talk but animals ca n't ) , to the fine lost art of swearing , Bryson tells the intriguing , often hilarious story of an inadequate , second-rate tongue of peasants that developed into one of the world 's largest growth industries .
It 's a quick but fascinating read that will give you a new appreciation for our mother tongue .
7 ) Bird by Bird : Some Instruction on Writing and Life Anne Lamott 's `` Bird by Bird '' is a look at the trials and tribulations of being a writer .
In it , she helps readers find their passion and voice , beginning from creating the first really crummy draft of a story to the peculiar letdown of publication .
Although this is also a book directed at folks looking to write their first novel , it also contains lots of witty and insightful life lessons that are useful for anyone who spends their days trying to communicate through the written word .
It 's a great read and we highly recommend it .
If you 're planning on doing some reading this summer , we hope that you 'll consider these suggestions .
They 're as fun to read as they are entertaining , and if you 're interested in becoming a better writer ( or just having a laugh ) , these books should definitely be on your reading list .
Over the past few weeks , you would have been pretty hard pressed to have not seen and heard the term Brexit used extensively .
So much so , in fact , that even if you did n't know what it was all about before , you 're all but certain to now understand that it 's the term used to describe Britain 's decision to exit the European Union .
And while we 're not usually ones to dip our toes into politics , we do think that the Brexit is worthy of some discussion .
Well , from a language perspective at least .
You see , the term Brexit is an example of a neologism .
That 's a fancy way of saying a new word or expression .
Neologisms can be created in lots of different ways .
In the case of Brexit , for example , it 's simply the result of two words being brought together ( Britain + exit ) .
The same can also be said of chillax ( chill out + relax ) , Tweet cred ( Tweet + credibility ) , glamping ( glamor + camping ) , and the ever-useful Brangelina ( Brad Pitt + Angelina Jolie ) .
Sometimes neologisms can just be a variation on an existing word , such as in the case of noob , which is just a fun way of saying newbie .
In other cases , neologisms are when you simply assign a new meaning to an existing word or expression .
That 's why we 're lucky enough to associate muffin tops with people 's waistlines , and to think of trolls not just as the mythological creatures that live under bridges , but also as the guys and gals who like to post mean-spirited comments online .
More Than Words While neologisms are certainly interesting , they 're also worth paying attention to for practical reasons .
That 's because as a content creator your ability to use them at the right times and in the right places matters .
In that way , they 're kind of like jargon .
When used well , they help to engage your readers and show that you 're a part of the same community they are because you speak their language .
Use them too much or in the wrong context , however , and it can start to look gimmicky and unprofessional .
Worse yet , it can alienate your readers .
There are other pitfalls that you need to navigate as well .
For example , while some neologisms can stand the test of time , others can fall out of fashion .
While Lewis Carroll gave us chortle ( chuckle + snort ) more than 140 years ago when he wrote his poem `` Jabberwocky '' in 1871 , some of the others he came up with — such as galumph ( gallop + triumph ) — did n't fare nearly as well .
While that 's perhaps an extreme example , you can easily date yourself by using even relatively recent neologisms .
After all , when 's the last time you heard a millennial ( or anyone ) talking about the blogosphere ?
And while it can be tempting to try to coin your own new words and phrases , that 's obviously a lot easier said than done .
Unless you 've invented something so new and amazing that your product becomes a verb ( yes , we 're talking about you , Google ) , or you 've got Justin Bieber 's Twitter following , you 're going to have a tough road ahead .
And , let 's face it , subjecting your readers to your new words in the hope that they take off is really just a form of cruel and unusual punishment .
The Last Word So no matter whether Britain melts down or reaches new heights as a result of its decision to leave the European Union , we think at a minimum , they 've helped remind us about the importance of neologisms .
For content geeks like us , they 're not only incredibly interesting , but also an exercise in self-restraint as we try to refrain from coming up with our own .
Alas , we would n't want to subject you to that kind of worture ( word + torture ) .
Content Connections 2016 , its free , one-day virtual conference for content professionals .
The conference gives attendees access to many of the industry 's most regarded thought leaders as well as content practitioners at cutting-edge brands .
It does so with the singular goal of helping participants better understand some of the most important trends in content .
The virtual conference will be held on November 1 in North America and on November 3 in Europe .
There will also be a German-language version of the conference on November 2 .
`` We 're reaching an inflection point in content , '' says Andrew Bredenkamp , CEO , Founder , and Chairman of Acrolinx .
`` As the industry begins to mature , companies are making big plays in content .
That means that getting your content right is more important than ever .
That 's why we 're thrilled to be able to serve up a real all-star lineup of experts to help bring some real practical , how-to advice to our customers . ''
`` Content marketing is one of the fastest evolving disciplines in our profession , '' explains Scott Brinker , the CTO of ion interactive , editor of chiefmartec.com , and one of this year 's speakers .
`` It 's great to have an opportunity to discuss the latest developments in the field , helping marketers stay on top of them , with the convenience of a virtual conference . ''
The other speakers in this year 's lineup include Jeff Bullas , Joe Pulizzi , Ann Handley , Robert Rose , Doug Kessler , Andrew Davis , and Rahel Anne Bailie , among others .
They will be presenting on a wide range of topics , including : Building a massive audience over time Turning audiences into customers Content and experiences Making content strategies work in the enterprise Keeping pace with marketing technology Now in its second year , Content Connections is one of the largest virtual conferences for content professionals in the world .
In 2015 , more than 2,000 people attended .
`` In an era of information overload , it 's so nice to have the opportunity to learn from so many amazing marketing minds right from the comfort of your desk ! ''
explains Andrew Davis , the founder of Monumental Shift .
`` Content Connections is a great event because it not only packs a real punch in terms of ideas , takeaways , and insight , it 's also so convenient , '' continues Bredenkamp .
`` Part of the beauty of a virtual conference is that you can join in from anywhere and come and go as much as you 'd like .
We understand that content professionals are time poor and this format really helps us deliver value in a way that works with their busy schedules . ''
To learn more , access full agendas for each day of the conference , or to register , visit https : //www.acrolinx.com/content-connections-2016/ .
Keep up with all of the latest developments by following Content Connections on Twitter at # acrolinxcc .
How many times have you walked into a room with slides full of facts and figures and charts about your content strategy , only to walk out without any real commitments ?
`` Oh , that 's a nice thought , '' everyone agrees .
`` We should be doing that . ''
Or maybe they support a specific initiative , but they ca n't explain the Why — and it soon drops off their radar .
What Do We Mean by Why ?
Your Why is your vision , your reason for being .
Your Why is consistent .
Your goals and objectives may change over time , but your Why is what drives you , what makes you show up every day .
As Simon Sinek has been teaching the world , `` People do n't buy what you do , they buy why you do it . ''
Why the Why Matters If your content Why is to create global content automatically , or to have a unified approach to all of your corporate content , or to focus on excellent quality content , the Why matters .
Colleen Jones , CEO of Content Science , lays out three key reasons : Vision = Success for content leaders as well as content teams .
That vision , the Why , is the foundation for content success .
Leaders inspire us.¹ Content has a multi-year roadmap .
A common vision aligns different stakeholders for a long time .
It 's necessary .
Content is a long-term investment and requires long-term focus .
Vision drives clarity and motivation .
Sinek refers to this as the Celery Test .
Your Why will attract like-minded people and make your decisions clear .
In fact , `` with a Why clearly stated in an organization , anyone within the organization can make a decision as clearly and as accurately as the founder . ''
The stronger and more clear your Why is , the more it will influence decisions made about the business and the organization .
How to Figure out Your Content Why Spend some focused time answering the following questions .
Do n't hesitate to approach this as a divergent thinking exercise , jotting down what comes to mind as you think about each question .
Then , look for common themes to converge on your Why .
Why does your organization exist ?
Why are you organized the way you are ?
Where do you want your organization to be in three years ?
Where do you want your content to be in three years ?
Why does your company do what it does ?
How does your content vision fit in with its vision ?
What do you do better than anyone else ?
What do people expect from you and your team ?
What key successes have you had ?
What made them successful ?
What key failures have you had ?
What made them less than successful ?
What do you want to have remain the same with regard to content strategy ?
What do you want to change ?
What is your Celery Test — how do you make and measure content decisions ?
You may find that the answers vary .
Take a step back and view it all as data you can use to identify your Why , your vision for the future .
What if Whys Conflict ?
Organizations have many teams .
If you find that other teams have Whys that conflict with yours , use those discoveries to engage in conversation .
Find out about the other person 's Why .
Listen with the intent to understand , not to refute .
For example , at one company , our localization team had a very strong Why to automate translation to improve time to market and costs of translation .
To do so , they needed good quality content .
Content providers had their own Why around quality content – and their own understanding of what good quality content meant : readable , usable content .
They assumed the content that met Localization 's criteria did not meet theirs .
By doing a study , the linguists were able to demonstrate that content that met quality criteria for machine translation also was less ambiguous and more usable for both English and non-native English speakers .
With this assurance , the teams were better able to engage and support each other .
How to Communicate the Why — Be a Thought Leader I recently reread Originals : How Non-Conformists Move the World by Adam Grant and was reminded of his reference to Kotter 's research : Leaders undercommunicate their vision by a factor of ten .
Why do leaders undercommunicate ?
They assume people get it .
And they might have , at one point .
But people forget .
When the effort moves to the How and the What , the Why gets `` fuzzy . ''
We must continue to communicate the Why , to remain clear about the vision , so it can motivate , inform decisions , and let us know we are on the right track .
This was one of the first change management lessons I learned ( the hard way ) : Do n't assume because people got it at one time , that they continue to do so .
When communicating your Why , make sure you are getting in front of the right people you want on board .
Whose buy-in do you need ?
Who needs to make decisions about your project ?
Who needs to carry out the plan ?
Who has a lot of influence in the organization ?
Think up , out , and down .
How to Learn More About the Why If you have n't already watched Simon Sinek 's talk on how great leaders inspire action , a humble affair with flip charts , please do so .
His talk has become one of the top five TED talks of all time .
What is your content Why ?
Stay tuned for Alexia 's next article , Content Quality : Effectiveness , Not Perfection .
About Alexia Idoura Alexia Idoura , ACC , PMP , started using Acrolinx with her teams in 2005 , when her focus moved from content management to content quality .
Having a strong Why was essential to successful adoption .
After a 20+ year high-tech corporate career , Alexia now runs her own global executive coaching company , Idoura Coaching , LLC .
Combining a coaching mindset with consulting expertise gets results .
http : //www.idoura.com ¹ Sinek reminds us : Dr. Martin Luther King , Jr. gave the `` I Have a Dream '' speech , not the `` I Have a Plan '' speech .
We do n't know about you , but we 're pretty excited that tomorrow is the first day of the 2016 Summer Olympic Games .
For 17 days , all eyes will be on Rio de Janeiro , watching more than 10,000 athletes from over 200 different countries participate in 306 different events .
And , no matter whether it 's track and field , swimming , gymnastics , tennis , golf , or any other competition that 's got you fired up , you 've got to admire the athleticism , work ethic , and sportsmanship that all of these great athletes bring to their respective events .
As we thought about that , we got to wondering what similarities there might be between going for a gold medal at the Olympics and trying to create amazing content .
And , while training to become an elite athlete admittedly may require a bit more blood , sweat , and tears than creating successful content , we do think there are some definite overlaps .
Just consider these points as examples : Dedication is essential .
Olympians spend many years and tens of thousands of hours preparing for the Games .
They train relentlessly , constantly honing their abilities in an effort to be the very best .
In fact , according to one study , the average British Olympian spends six hours a day , six days a week , twelve months a year practicing and getting ready for the Games .
If you want to be a successful writer , you 've got to be equally dedicated to your craft .
The more you practice and the harder you work at it , the better the results that you 'll achieve .
Accuracy matters .
As an Olympic athlete , your success often hinges on your ability to do things accurately time and time again .
Whether it 's hitting a bullseye with an arrow , positioning your body in just the right way when diving so that you do n't create a splash when you hit the water , or anything else , you 've got to pay attention to the details and get every last one of them right .
Of course , it 's no different with writing .
Your content not only needs to be factually accurate , it 's got to be grammatically accurate as well .
If it is n't , you risk putting your credibility on the line .
Consistency is critical .
If you 're not able to perform consistently as an athlete , whether or not you win or lose might just be a matter of luck .
That 's why you 've got to be able to deliver no matter what the situation , even when you 're under extreme pressure .
When it comes to writing , consistency is important for a different reason .
If your content is n't consistent , it can confuse your audience and even degrade your brand .
That 's because inconsistent content can make it sound like your company is n't aligned and like you 're not speaking with one voice , which — if you follow this blog — you 'll know is never a good thing .
Coaching .
Behind every great athlete stands a fantastic coach who is there to help that athlete achieve his or her true potential .
Good coaches not only spot any errors that the athlete is making , but also provide the feedback that they need to improve .
Writers often need coaches as well to help them meet their full potential .
And sometimes the best coaches for writers are n't people , but rather software such as Acrolinx that can guide them step by step on how to make amazing content .
In fact , with Acrolinx working with you in your favorite authoring environment , it 's just like having a pro writer over your shoulder helping you create the best copy possible .
It will be interesting to see what the next two-and-a-half weeks bring .
As you sit back and watch the Games , let yourself feel inspired by the athlete 's amazing achievements .
And just remember : With some hard work and persistence ( and maybe a little help from us ) , it wo n't be long until your content is worthy of a gold medal , too .
If you 're the head of marketing for a large organization , you probably view yourself as a publisher .
At least that 's what 93 percent of the CMOs we talked to as part of a recent survey said , noting that they 're responsible for creating , managing , distributing , and measuring the effectiveness of content .
The reason for this is that content 's essential for growing your business .
Among other things , it 's what you rely on to help develop and differentiate your brand and increase sales effectiveness .
The problem is that at large organizations ( let 's say companies valued at $ 500 million or more ) , there tend to be a lot of people creating content .
In fact , according to our research , at that size companies have an average of 150 content creators , many of whom do n't report into marketing .
We 're talking about the folks in product , customer services , and training and skills development , among other areas , not to mention any third-party content creators who 've been engaged through agencies .
Staying on top of that much content across departments , offices , and geographies is virtually impossible .
All the more so when you 've got to localize all of that content for different audiences .
That 's why if you 're the head of marketing , you 've really got to be focused on content governance .
It 's the only way to help you bring order to what you 're doing while helping ensure that you consistently create successful , high-impact content .
Structures , Systems , and People : The Path to Content Governance In the United States , the Federal Government is responsible for governing 320 million people .
It does this through a combination of laws , legislation , and executive orders that are designed to balance each other out .
While they do n't give the government complete control , they do help create order .
When it comes to content governance , it 's a similar story — you ca n't expect to control everything .
After all , just because you 're the head of marketing , that does n't mean that you 're supposed to be a dictator .
Having said that , what you can do is put a framework in place that gives you key points of control over the quality and compliance of your company 's content .
That framework should consist of a combination of structures , systems , and people .
Let 's take a closer look at each of those components .
Structures Just as you ca n't build a house without a blueprint , you ca n't manage all of your company 's content without a plan .
That plan needs to encompass several structures , including a content architecture , universal targeting taxonomy , content distribution rules , and content performance tracking .
Among other things , having these structures in place will help you ensure that your content can be found , that it can be contextualized for specific personas , that it addresses relevant pain points , and that it supports your sales process .
They also help to ensure that your content is breaking down big themes and brand messages into smaller elements that can be repackaged and repurposed throughout your organization .
Systems While technology is n't the end all be all for content — we 're still a ways off from the day when robots start writing great content for us — it still has an important role to play .
First , it can help automate workflow so that the dozens or even hundreds of people who are involved in your content efforts can work faster and more efficiently .
The other big value that technology provides is that it helps you facilitate collaboration so that it becomes a seamless process .
To facilitate all of this and more , you look at content marketing systems and content automation platforms .
There are tools available that will help you manage your content , distribute your content , measure your content , and , in the case of Acrolinx , even improve its quality .
People If you take a look at newspapers or magazines , they tend to have hundreds or even thousands of writers who report up into a much smaller team of editors .
Those editors manage assignments , ensure quality control , and help keep the content machine running .
Marketing executives are adopting a similar approach .
They often put one person in charge of content operations ( things such as systems , tools , measurement , etc . ) .
On the other side of the house , they typically install an editor-in-chief who 's responsible for overseeing teams of writers who help them create all of the content that the business needs .
Thinking strategically about the people who contribute to your content operations , and how to organize them so that they can work most effectively , is essential .
The Way Forward Content governance is a big and important job .
It takes a lot of upfront work , but once you 've done that work it will pay dividends for a long time to come .
While there 's no one silver bullet for getting content governance right — you 've got to use the appropriate combination of structures , systems , and people for your business — hopefully this post has given you some things to think about .
Ultimately , the idea is to systematize , streamline , and automate as much as you can to make content a much faster and more efficient process for everyone .
If you 'd like to learn more about content governance , check out this recent webinar that we hosted with Acrolinx .
About Stephen Diorio : Stephen Diorio is the founder of the Brand Publishing Institute and an established authority in brand publishing , go-to-market strategy , and sales enablement .
Stephen is an expert on how technology can improve sales and marketing effectiveness — he authored Publish or Perish : CMO Roadmap for Managing , Systematizing and Optimizing the Marketing Content Supply Chain , and Beyond `` e '' : 12 Ways Technology is Transforming Sales and Marketing Strategy ( McGraw-Hill ) .
About Grant Butler : Grant Butler is the founder and managing director of Editor Group , a leading corporate writing and content marketing firm with offices in Sydney , Singapore , and New York .
He authored the book Think Write Grow ( Wiley ) , which explains how experts can become thought leaders and grow their business through great writing and marketing .
Grant and his team have helped over 100 global businesses , government , and not-for-profit clients with editorial services and strategic guidance on publishing and content creation .
Around the world , the manufacturing industry is transforming due to a variety of factors , including increasing competition , growing geopolitical risk , and the challenges of attracting and retaining the right talent .
Perhaps the biggest drivers of change of all , however , are advances in technology .
New technologies are helping to make today 's factories faster , safer , and more efficient places capable of producing more with less .
Consider the impact that the Internet of Things ( IoT ) is having as an example .
By attaching sensors to everything from machines and assembly lines to individual products , today 's manufacturers are able to collect vast quantities of data that they can use to their advantage .
For instance , they can detect when machines are n't operating properly and repair them before they break down , saving time and money .
And , since it gives them a holistic view of what 's happening on the factory floor , some companies are using the IoT to optimize their production while eliminating waste .
It 's the manufacturers who embrace technologies like these who are getting ahead , differentiating themselves in the market , and positioning themselves for long-term success .
Beyond the Factory Floor : Bringing Technology to Your Content As impressive as what technology can do for today 's manufacturers is from both an operational and a logistical perspective , the value that it can provide does n't stop there .
It also has an important role to play in the content that they produce .
And , for many manufacturers , that 's an area where they can use some help .
We know because earlier this year we published an edition of our Global Content Impact Index that was focused specifically on the manufacturing industry .
You can read all about what we discovered by downloading the full report , but here are some of the highlights : Only 32.0 percent of manufacturing companies are publishing content that meets our minimum threshold for content quality .
Only 25.6 percent of manufacturing companies are publishing consistent content .
Only 2.3 percent of manufacturing companies are publishing content that 's both high quality and consistent .
Further validating these findings is data from a 2016 report from Content Marketing Institute and MarketingProfs , which found that despite the fact that 81 percent of manufacturing marketers use content marketing , only 18 percent believe that they are effective at it .
Interestingly , the same report finds that only 18 percent of those manufacturers have a documented content strategy .
In our view , manufacturers need to take the same approach to content as they are to just about everything else that they 're doing .
First off , that means being strategic .
Having and following a documented strategy is the most important step to successful content marketing because it helps ensure that your content can be created and distributed with very specific targets in mind .
Plus , reviewing your progress and results against your strategy is an effective way of determining what 's working and what has n't , so that you can pivot as needed to guarantee your long-term success .
In addition , manufacturers should also be embracing the right technology to help them with their content .
With a content optimization platform such as Acrolinx , for example , it 's easier to create amazing content that 's high quality and consistent at scale .
And , since having great content is no longer a nice to have , but rather a business imperative , that 's essential .
The Future Is Technology If you 're in the manufacturing industry , you 've probably seen a lot of changes over the years .
While technology is a driving force behind many of those changes , it 's up to you to ensure that it 's not just the factories that reap the benefits .
Content creators across your organization can also take advantage of technologies such as content optimization software to make their jobs faster and easier , while at the same time giving their customers content that actually resonates with them and delivers meaningful outcomes .
Labor Day weekend is just around the corner , and with it ... sigh ... the end of summer .
Although I 'm sad to say goodbye to beach weather and backyard barbeques , I 'm pretty stoked about the holiday .
After all , if your job involves content , you probably work really hard .
Are n't you just as entitled as anyone to a day off to kick back and relax ?
To fully appreciate how deserving you are of a carefree day out of the office , just think about what having a job that revolves around content would have looked like 30 or 40 years ago .
Back then , you might have been a writer or editor , a graphic designer , or an editor in chief who oversaw all of the work .
And while the fundamental nature of that work would have still been planning for and creating content , the fact is that these days , having a job in content is a much more complicated , demanding , and onerous proposition .
That 's because today 's content professionals have to bring a whole new host of skills and areas of expertise to the table .
More often than not they 're not just writers or editors , they 're also marketers with all kinds of responsibilities .
And while that 's exciting , let 's face facts : It can also be exhausting .
Content Jobs : Here 's What They Take Beyond being able to write content that 's coherent and engaging , having an eye for grammar , punctuation , and spelling , or being able to lay out content in a visually compelling fashion , today 's content professionals need to offer up a much deeper array of skills and talents .
For example , they need to : Think strategically .
While there 's still plenty of execution work to be done , today 's content professionals also need to be strategic .
They need to think about what content they 're creating and when , how to best tailor it for very specific audiences , how to amplify its reach , and how to use it to help shepherd buyers down the path to purchase .
If content is n't strategic , it is n't effective .
Be proficient at using a variety of technologies .
Gone are the days when being tech-savvy meant knowing how to use Microsoft Word .
At last count there were more than 3,800 marketing technology solutions , many of which are specific to content creation , distribution , and measurement .
Knowing which to use and how is critical to being effective on the job .
If you 're clueless about technology , you 're going to struggle in any content job .
Create content that serves multiple purposes .
In addition to simply conveying key messages , today 's content has to perform a lot of other duties .
For example , it needs to be optimized for search so that it 's findable .
It also needs to link to other relevant pages to be more useful and solicit comments where appropriate to foster engagement .
Perhaps most important of all , it needs to get prospects and customers to complete a specific action such as consuming another piece of content or signing up for a free trial .
That 's a lot more to think about than just whether or not your content looks and sounds good .
Create lots of different kinds of content .
These days you need to be able to communicate to your target audience in lots of different ways .
That means that you need to be well-versed in the nuances of writing lots of different types of content for use in a variety of different applications .
Just because you can write a killer blog post , that does n't mean that you 'll be good at writing effective email subject lines , persuasive case studies , or compelling video scripts .
Factor in that you 've also got to make all of these different types of content hyper-personalized for very specific audiences , and things get even more complicated .
Distribute content through many more channels .
There are literally hundreds of different paid , owned , and earned channels that you have to consider and potentially incorporate into your content distribution strategy .
If you work at a large organization , you might have the luxury of letting someone else worry about this for you .
But in many cases , particularly at smaller companies , you 're on the hook for this too .
Achieve cut-through in a much more crowded landscape .
With content playing such an important role in attracting , nurturing , and retaining customers , companies are creating a lot more of it .
As a result , the world is inundated with content , which means achieving cut-through is incredibly difficult .
Your content has to be original , interesting , useful , engaging , and well crafted to have any sort of chance .
Demonstrate ROI .
Long after a piece of content is created and published , content professionals are still on the hook for monitoring its performance and collecting data that can validate its relative success or failure and lead to insights about how to further improve future content .
Thanks to the rise of analytics , you can no longer rely on gut instincts and anecdotal information to justify your decisions .
You 've got to demonstrate real ROI based on hard data .
This list could go on and on , but hopefully you get the idea .
Being a content professional is a fast-paced and exciting job that demands a lot .
It 's a wonderful type of work to pursue , but it 's also challenging .
So this Labor Day , sit back , relax , and take a moment to appreciate everything that you and your peers do .
On behalf of everyone here at Acrolinx , I tip my hat to you .
One of the tricky things about creating content for a global audience is that you often have to do so in lots of different languages .
Many of the large companies we work with here at Acrolinx , for example , translate their content into 30 languages or more .
That 's a huge undertaking and one that comes at a high cost .
Get a translation wrong , and it can have pretty big implications .
Take the example of Kentucky Fried Chicken , which ran into some serious trouble in China a few years back .
The problem was that the company had translated its famous tagline `` finger lickin ' good '' into the slightly horrifying slogan `` we 'll eat your fingers off . ''
That ca n't have done much good for business .
Or there 's the case reported in a recent article on Mental Floss about a translation mix-up in a Mexican hospital back in 1980 that resulted in a $ 71 million malpractice settlement .
At issue was the translation of the word `` intoxicado , '' which led the doctors of one male patient to believe that he was suffering from food poisoning when in fact the real problem was an intracerebral brain hemorrhage .
Fortunately , not all bad translations have such dire consequences .
In fact , sometimes they 're just happy accidents that at worst leave you scratching your head and at best put a smile on your face .
We 've picked some of our favorite , work-friendly examples of translations gone wrong here .
Suffice it to say there are many more , but they are n't all appropriate to share in this post .
If you 're curious about some of the others , a quick Google search might leave you in stitches or deeply offended .
We 'll leave that up to you .
In the meantime , here are some more tasteful examples of translations that did n't quite turn out right .
Does n't have quite the same ring as `` I Ca n't Believe It 's Not Butter , '' but it 's definitely far more entertaining .
We do n't know if this is a translation fail , or just the sweetest thing ever !
If you ever see this sign , we suggest that you turn around and run away as fast as you can .
This one 's only funny when you learn that the original Hindi lyric was `` you 're one in a million . ''
We 're not really sure what these folks are trying to say , but it 's a great message just the same .
They were so close with this one , but did n't quite get it right .
We love this .
: ) If you 've got to do it , you may as well be careful about it .
We 're not sure if this is a translation error or just a punctuation problem , but either way it 's just not good .
Safety definitely is something to be concerned about .
We hope these translation fails gave you a chuckle and reminded you of one of translation 's golden rules .
You always need a native speaker to review your translations to make sure that they make sense .
One of the biggest challenges marketers face today is producing content .
Not just any content , but content that produces results .
That means high-quality , relevant content delivered to the right prospect , for the right reason , at the right time , in the right language and format .
Content with appeal .
Content that converts , regardless of where prospects and customers interact with it .
How do we overcome this challenge ?
One of the best ways is to ask for advice from others .
Unfortunately , departmental silos often prevent us from discovering useful and innovative solutions .
But , it does n't have to be this way .
There are many lessons to be learned from other communication professionals — regardless of where they work inside an organization .
In a recent article entitled The Why Behind the How and the What of Content Strategy , Alexia Idoura , Idoura Coaching , LLP , explained that `` Organizations have many teams .
If you find that other teams have whys that conflict with yours , use those discoveries to engage in conversation .
Find out about the other person 's why .
Listen with the intent to understand , not to refute . ''
A Science-Based Approach to Producing Content Efficiently Technical communicators — folks who document how products and services work — have overcome several complex content production challenges over the past two decades .
They 've invented , tested , and successfully implemented some useful techniques that marketers should consider emulating .
Take single-source , multi-channel publishing , for example .
It 's a method of repurposing content across multiple delivery channels and output formats .
Technical writers in companies that use a single-source approach produce more deliverables , more quickly , and with less effort than those who use traditional desktop publishing methods .
Single-source , multi-channel publishing helps technical writers ensure that the documents they create include only the information that is relevant to the audience they are targeting .
The methodology relies on the creation of discrete chunks ( or components ) of semantically rich content intentionally designed for reuse .
Each module of content has a specific label ( e.g. , product description , procedure , value proposition ) .
Technical writers create content models ( e.g. , assembly instructions for documents ) that content management systems use to pull the right pieces of content automatically into the deliverables they are creating .
Marketers who adopt this approach produce laser-targeted content , without all the hassle and delay associated with traditional publishing techniques .
And , they can publish to multiple output formats simultaneously because the content — and its formatting information — is stored separately .
This critical difference separates the efficient content producers from the inefficient among us .
And , it 's part of what makes technical writers more adept at creating increasing volumes of relevant content .
Managing Tone , Voice , Style , and Terminology Technical documentation professionals also were among the first to address issues of content quality — long before it became fashionable for marketers to discuss the subject .
Using the wrong words in product assembly , maintenance , or repair instructions can lead to confusion , increased support costs , customer dissatisfaction , compliance problems , financial difficulties , injury , and even death .
That 's why technical communication teams ( like those at Rockwell Automation ) were among the first to adopt a content optimization platform designed to control and report on content .
In companies that value their content as a business asset , technical communicators leverage content optimization software to ensure that their content follows the rules .
Doing so has helped them realize tremendous productivity gains — think faster time to market — while simultaneously increasing content quality and performance .
Technical writers that use tools like Acrolinx are guided toward producing content with the right tone of voice ; content in alignment with company style , branding , and writing rules .
If you 're a content marketer , you know how important content is to the success of your business .
After all , catching those after-the-fact content mistakes may have already impacted your prospective customer 's decision .
In its latest research report , Good vs. Great : How to Double ( Yes , We Mean Double ) the Impact of Your Content Strategy , Acrolinx conclusively proves the connection between content quality and business results .
Marketers Can Benefit From Discoveries Made by Their Technical Communication Cousins It 's not easy to see the connections between technical documentation and marketing .
But , the connections are crystal clear to those who study online consumer behavior .
Prospective customers shop for information to answer questions about products and services before they purchase them .
Search engines like Google serve up answers to these online queries based on relevance , not based on which department created the content .
Marketing content is competing directly with technical content for attention .
So , why not align all content , produce it in the same manner , and control it using the same rules and tools ?
Great Content Experiences Are n't Easy to Craft — Make It a Group Effort In summary , marketers have a lot to gain from their technical writer peers to ensure that the content they are producing follows these three general principles : Consistent tone , language , and editorial standards Solid document and content-management approaches Reusable content for different purposes and channels
I was sitting in Cleveland Hopkins International Airport , when I began to pen this blog before my flight to Boston after a whirlwind of a week .
If you 've ever been to Content Marketing World , then you know what I mean .
It 's four days of nonstop , head-spinning content craziness .
There were 4,000 attendees , 225 speakers , and more going on than anyone could possibly take in .
Suffice it to say that any attendee who is n't brimming with new ideas and , well , was n't completely exhausted by the end of it , really missed out .
Once again , the Acrolinx team was well represented at the conference this year , including as one of the exhibitors .
And I can honestly say that we were the talk of Content Marketing World — on some level at least — because of what we gave away .
People were literally staring at our booth , talking about us everywhere we went , and vying for their chance to win .
Any guesses as to what giveaway prize got everyone whipped up into a content marketing frenzy ?
Believe it or not , it was selfie toasters .
Never heard of a selfie toaster before ?
That 's OK , most people have n't .
As it turns out , thanks to what I can only assume are recent advances in toasting technology , it 's now possible to toast your face into a piece of bread .
Admittedly , not everyone wants to butter and jam their own face in the morning , but you 'd be surprised at just how popular these toasters were .
Now , I can understand that you might be thinking that a selfie toaster is a pretty random prize to offer at a content marketing conference .
But actually , if you think about it , you can see where we were coming from .
There really are parallels between selfie toasters and content marketing .
Here are just a few examples of what I mean : Innovation is essential .
In content marketing , you ca n't just set it and forget it .
Sure you want to build up competencies and play to your strengths , but most of us ca n't just do the same old things over and over again and expect to get great results .
Likewise , although we mastered making toast a long , long time ago , it took a clever twist on that to create a new product that got people really excited .
So the lesson here is to always look for creative ways to add a new , innovative spin to your content .
Even small changes can have a big impact .
Personalization is key .
Offer someone something generic and you 'll be lucky to get their attention .
Offer them something that 's truly personalized for them , on the other hand , and you 'll have them right in your hands .
If we 'd been hawking toasters that burned smiley faces into your bread , I do n't think anyone would have thought twice about it .
But , because this particular toaster lets you toast your own face into the bread , it really captured people 's attention .
It 's the same with content .
If you want it to resonate and draw people in , it 's got to be as personalized and targeted for them as possible .
Precision matters .
If you want your toast to look like you , the heating elements within your toaster have to be configured in just the right way .
If anything 's out of alignment , you 'll just wind up with a burnt mess .
In content marketing , precision is equally important .
That 's true on all levels , but particularly when it comes to your writing .
If it has typos , uses terminology or other words and phrases that are important to your brand incorrectly , or simply does n't align to your corporate tone of voice , that 's a real problem .
Instead of burnt toast , however , what you wind up with is confused , underwhelmed customers and , worse yet , brand erosion .
Iteration is critical .
If you 're the proud owner of a selfie toaster , you submit a picture of yourself to the manufacturer , which they use to create a plate .
If you 're not happy with the plate ( or the toast it creates ) , you can submit another picture .
The reality is that most times people do n't get things right on their first try .
You 've got to iterate and refine everything that you do to get to the best possible outcome .
That 's certainly true when it comes to content .
I 've written , read , and rewritten parts of this post a handful of times now , trying to make it as good as I can .
( Hopefully you like it . )
Well friends , I 'm officially toasted after my time in Cleveland at Content Marketing World .
If you have n't been to the conference yourself , I 'd definitely recommend it .
It 's an informative and very entertaining event .
And , it goes without saying , that the next time you eat a piece of toast , you should really give some thought to what you can do to improve your own content marketing .
The future of content may be artificial intelligence .
But before we look ahead to what 's coming , it might be helpful to first look back at where we 've been .
With that in mind , let me give you a short history lesson about how the tools that we use to create content have evolved over time .
I promise to keep it brief .
If we look way back in time , the earliest writing implements emerged at around 4000 BC , when people would fashion pieces of bronze or bone into implements that they could use to mark soft clay tablets .
About a thousand years later , the Egyptians improved on this when they started using thin reed brushes to create hieroglyphics on papyrus scrolls .
By 600 AD , we find the Europeans using quills and ink to record their ideas .
That practice fell out of favor by the 18th and 19th centuries thanks to the invention of pencils and pens .
Then , in 1868 , along came the first commercially successful typewriter , which reigned supreme for many years until it was overtaken by the personal computer more than a century later .
OK , that 's enough history for one post .
Suffice it to say that as I write these words on my laptop , I can appreciate how far we 've progressed when it comes to the tools with which we write .
I think we can all agree that typing words onto a screen — and being able to easily change them over and over — beats writing them out by hand .
But , as thankful as I am for not having ink-covered hands and pages full of scribbles and cross-outs , the reality is that most of the advances we 've made have n't really changed much about how we write .
After all , no matter whether I 'm using a fountain pen or a MacBook , writing is still a frustratingly manual and labor-intensive process .
The good news is that it may not always have to be .
When Artificial Intelligence Meets Content Artificial intelligence certainly is n't new .
In fact , it got its start back in 1950 when Alan Turing published a paper entitled `` Computing Machinery and Intelligence . ''
And while artificial intelligence made some important advances in those early days , it eventually came to a standstill only to be picked back up decades later when the technologies necessary to unlock more of its potential were finally developed .
Fast forward to present day , and artificial intelligence is being used in all kinds of business applications to make everything from self-driving cars to the Jeopardy ! -winning supercomputer known as Watson .
Among the many applications of artificial intelligence are content creation and optimization .
Let 's take a closer look at each .
Natural Language Generation Some companies use artificial intelligence to drive natural language generation ( NLG ) , a process whereby computers rely on the data that you provide them to automatically generate content .
For example , they might use NLG technology to turn financial results into text-based reports or baseball scores into the narratives that make up a sports column .
When the underlying artificial intelligence platform is sophisticated , the result is very natural sounding copy — you 'd never know that it was n't written by people — that reads well and can be created at the touch of a button .
For companies looking to save time and money , that can be a welcome change .
Although NLG technologies have n't yet reached the point where they can create great content that is n't data driven — say a great novel or your favorite blog — with each passing year we 're getting closer and closer to that reality .
While I doubt that human writers will ever go away , it 's nice to know that at least some content creation can be automated .
Content Optimization Artificial intelligence can also be used after your content is created to help you make it as effective as possible .
Content optimization software like Acrolinx relies on artificial intelligence to read and analyze your content so that it can offer you practical guidance on how to improve that content — not just in terms of grammar and spelling , but also style , tone of voice , and liveliness .
While this does n't make creating the content any easier , it does help ensure that your content is consistent , aligned with your brand standards , and easier to translate .
Plus , it means that anyone in your organization can write effective content , even if that 's not a skill that comes to them naturally .
Where to From Here ?
While it 's unclear where artificial intelligence will take us in the months and years ahead , rest assured that it 's creating huge opportunities to help you with your content .
Whether it 's generating original content for you , or helping you optimize the content you 've already written , the fact is that artificial intelligence is going to help companies create better content at scale , saving them time and money .
It may not be long when writing our own content on computers seems as antiquated as writing with a typewriter or fountain pen .
People have opinions about everything — content is no exception .
They have views on how important it is , how it should sound , what it should and should n't say , and how it should look .
And , while everyone is entitled to their opinion , not all opinions are based on fact or even experience .
Nevertheless , opinions tend to spread and , as a result , misconceptions about content can start to take hold .
In this post , I 'm going to set the record straight about four content misconceptions that I 've come across lately that I think need to be cleared up .
Shorter is always better .
We live in the age of the sound bite , where content is constantly being packaged up for us in small , easily digestible bits .
It 's a time when we 're constantly reminded that we need to cater to shrinking attention spans and when expressing yourself in 140 characters or less is becoming the norm .
Make no mistake about it , short-form content is great .
It 's quick and easy to consume , which is critical for today 's time-poor readers .
But , that does n't automatically make long-form content obsolete .
People still want meaty , in-depth content that they can sink their teeth into .
Just look at the success of sites like Medium , which has built its reputation based on the depth and quality of its long featured articles .
In fact , according to Medium 's own analysis , the optimal post should take seven minutes to read , which is the equivalent of about 1,600 words .
So , the next time you think shorter is better , just remember that 's not always the case .
Short-form content certainly has its place , but not to the exclusion of everything else .
Sometimes you need to go deep and demonstrate your knowledge and expertise , even if that means keeping your reader 's attention for more than just a minute or two .
Professional and fun are mutually exclusive .
I hear people say it all the time .
Since they 're writing for lawyers , or bankers , or doctors , or [ insert your profession of choice ] , they really do n't think they can make their content any fun .
Instead , in their mind , it 's got to be formal and by the book or it just wo n't be perceived as professional .
While there 's no doubt that your content needs to be appropriate for the audience you 're targeting , do n't forget that it 's entirely possible to make content that 's personable and enjoyable to read , without sacrificing an ounce of professionalism .
Remember , your readers are people .
No matter what industry they 're in or what their job title is , they 'll typically respond just as well as anyone else to a little humor or creativity in your writing .
Admittedly , there 's a time and place for everything .
I 'm not saying that you start cracking jokes in your company 's annual report .
On the contrary , what I 'm suggesting is that it 's OK to break down some of the barriers and to start talking to your audience rather than at them .
Never give away the secret sauce .
Some people are reluctant to share any meaningful knowledge or expertise in their content .
They 're afraid that if they do , they 'll be giving away their company 's secret sauce for free .
( By the way , this is a topic that Marcus Sheridan has talked about at length . )
Of course , the reality is that ever since the invention of the Internet , people have had access to all kinds of information .
That has two important implications .
The first is that to get people 's attention , you 've got to make great information easily accessible to them .
The second is that if you do n't , they wo n't hesitate to find someone else who will .
The bottom line is that you need to create really useful , valuable content .
And that inherently means giving away some of your company 's secret sauce .
That 's not something you should be afraid of .
The reality is that if you think that your customers wo n't need you anymore because of what you 've written in one blog post or white paper , then you 've got bigger problems on your hands .
It 's better to publish something than nothing at all .
Some people have this notion in their mind that it 's better to get a piece of content out the door than it is to wait to get it right .
As a result , they might be willing to compromise on quality , letting errors of fact , typos , and other careless mistakes slip into their writing .
They do so with the belief that their audience will be forgiving .
`` So the content is n't perfect , '' they think , `` but it 's close enough , so let 's just get it out there . ''
The problem with this thinking is that people do take note of imperfections , no matter whether they 're big or small .
As we 've written about before , there 's no such thing as neutral content .
Everything you publish is going to impact your brand in one of two ways .
It 's either going to help build it or it 's going to help erode it .
So take care and remember that quality should always trump quantity when it comes to your content .
There are , of course , other content myths out there .
I 'll try to address more of them in a follow-up post in the weeks to come .
What pops into your head when you think of quality ?
Swiss watches ?
German cars ?
Japanese manufacturing processes ?
Even organizations such as the American Society for Quality struggle with defining quality .
Is it a statement of excellence ?
Does it reflect customer satisfaction ?
Is it more about how well something works ?
How good it looks ?
Whether it 's free of defects ?
Content quality is subject to the same questions .
One of the best collections of content quality definitions I 've seen is Heidi Cohen 's .
Heidi asked 25 of the top content marketers to define content quality , and even their definitions vary greatly .
After years in the content field , I 've learned to look at content quality from two different perspectives : that of the consumer of content , and the provider of content .
Content has a job to do — not just for the consumer , but for the provider as well .
( To the purists , I would say that acknowledging this fact is not selling out . )
Consumers ultimately decide whether the content did its job for them .
Were they able to get an answer to their question and complete their task successfully ?
Providers can more easily measure whether content succeeded on their end : Did consumers find the content ?
Did they read the content ?
Do they trust it ?
Did they take an action prompted by the content ?
What are the bounce rates , conversion rates ?
Did they engage with the content , share the content ?
Does the content reflect the brand ?
Can the content be easily translated ?
With that context , let 's take a step back .
What criteria matter for content that will succeed for both consumer and provider ?
Hygiene issues — the original content quality criteria — still matter .
Sloppy content does not build trust or help consumers .
Continue to pay attention to the basics such as grammar , spelling , and style .
Ambiguity matters .
Create content that is clear and easy to understand ; use and reuse .
Results matter .
Are you trying to drive leads , likes , shares , or sales ?
Make your content work for you by creating content that reflects your brand and your voice .
Use consistent terminology that reinforces your message .
When setting quality standards to create quality content , it 's very tempting to start at the bottom — with the hygiene issues — and build your way up ; or to add additional standards as you run into other issues .
The challenge there is that you can end up with meandering lists of rules that are larger than they need to be and do not reflect the need to serve your users and your business .
Enter Content Why to drive your decisions about what you need .
That will inform how you develop , measure , and distribute content .
I guarantee the spotlight will shine on what you need to focus on , quality-wise .
By now you 're probably wondering : How much quality is enough quality ?
Am I spinning cycles going for perfection ?
Is good enough a cop-out ?
As with many business decisions , there 's a point of diminishing returns .
With quality measures , you can determine what that point is ( whether you establish that point yourself by testing your content at various levels or checking industry standards ) .
At my previous company , we found that once we reached quality measures beyond about 80 % on our Acrolinx scorecard , our results did n't continue to improve enough to justify the extra time and effort needed to get that last 20 % .
Again , knowing your content Why helps drive the decision around what level of quality is appropriate .
Stay tuned for Alexia 's next article , Making the Leap From Developing Content Quality Guidelines to Implementing Them .
About Alexia Idoura Alexia Idoura , ACC , PMP , started using Acrolinx with her teams in 2005 , when her focus moved from content management to content quality .
After a 20+ year high-tech corporate career , Alexia now runs her own global executive coaching company , Idoura Coaching , LLC .
Combining a coaching mindset with consulting expertise gets results .
http : //www.idoura.com
Writing is a skill that you develop over time .
The more you do it , the easier it becomes to create great copy that conveys your key messages .
And , while there 's certainly no substitute for gaining that experience firsthand , there is something to be said for learning from the practices of others .
That 's why in this post we 've compiled a list of writing tips that we believe can help you become a more effective writer and make the most of your content .
They 're the rules and guidelines that we try to follow at Acrolinx , and we 'd encourage you to do the same .
To make them easier to consume , we 've broken up our writing tips into three categories : the stuff you need to be thinking about before you start , while you 're in the middle of , and after you 're done writing .
Happy reading ( and writing ) !
Keep These Writing Tips in Mind Before You Get Started 1 .
Have a clear mission .
Always have a good sense of what you 're trying to achieve with a particular piece of content before you write it .
If that sounds obvious to you , it should .
The thing is , although we all know this , we do n't always do it and the writing process can wind up taking a lot longer as a result .
While you may not have all of the details worked out upfront , make sure that you and any other stakeholders involved are all agreed about what your content 's intended purpose is before you get going .
Know your audience .
Make sure that you understand who you 're writing for .
Again , this may seem like a no-brainer but it does n't always happen .
To create good content , you need to know who your audience is , what they care about , and what knowledge and understanding they already have about your topic .
It 's only when you have this frame of reference that you can create content that will actually resonate with the people you 're writing it for .
Understand the material .
As a writer , you probably find yourself writing about topics that you may not be an expert on .
In cases like these , you probably rely on interviews , readings , and your own independent research to get up to speed .
You might also find yourself writing as you learn .
And , while that may be necessary to meet a deadline , it 's less than ideal .
That 's because you may find yourself having to rework your copy over and over as you learn new information .
For that reason , whenever possible digest all of the information available to you first , so that you can take all of it into consideration before you start to write .
Develop an outline .
No matter whether you 're writing a 600-word blog post or a 10,000-word white paper , it 's always helpful to organize your ideas with an outline .
For shorter content , your outline might just be a couple of short bullets .
For long-form content , it may spread across many pages .
Either way , creating an outline is a useful exercise because it forces you to think through your content before you start to write .
Doing so will save you time and energy in the long run .
Consider what keywords to use .
If you want to optimize your content for search , it 's good to know what keywords you 're going to target before you start writing .
Yes , you can always retrofit them in after the fact , but it 's easier to work them into your copy in a natural way ( which search engines care about ) when you 're actually writing it .
Need help picking keywords ?
Check out this great resource from MOZ .
Keep These Writing Tips in Mind While You 're Writing 6 .
Write to your audience , not at your audience .
It may be writing 101 , but it bears repeating .
Your choice of pronouns matters .
The first person ( `` we '' ) is much more engaging than the third person ( `` Acme Corporation '' ) .
It 's more immediate and positions you as a group of people , while the third person is more detached and abstract .
Likewise , address your audience using the second person ( `` you '' ) rather than the third person ( `` customers '' ) to make your writing more engaging and personable .
Be conversational .
Along the same lines , try to make sure that you write similar to the way that people actually talk .
Of course , that does n't mean that everything we say is ready ( or appropriate ) for print , but rather that it 's becoming increasingly important to avoid stodgy , formal corporate speak .
A more casual and conversational tone will be more effective at engaging your readers .
And , if done well , it wo n't lose any of the professionalism that you may be trying to project .
Vary your sentence length .
Lots of long sentences in a row can be tedious to read .
Too many short sentences back to back can be jarring .
Make sure that you use a combination of both to create content with a cadence that 's easy and enjoyable to read .
Show your personality .
It 's OK to be funny , witty , charming , or anything else that reflects your personality in your writing .
Not only that , doing so will actually help endear you to your audience .
Just keep in mind who that audience is and the nature of what you 're communicating .
You can then dial your content 's personality up or down to fit the circumstances .
Connect the dots .
Sometimes writers make the incorrect assumption that their audience is as well versed on a topic as they are .
Worse yet , they think that their audience is made up of mind readers .
As a result , they write in the equivalent of shorthand , perhaps using concepts , acronyms , or terminology that not everyone in their target audience will understand .
Or they list out a bunch of ideas without explaining how they all fit together .
Reading your content should n't be a chore , so make sure that you connect the dots for your readers by providing the context and explanation necessary for anyone to follow it .
Tell a story .
One of the most effective ways to engage audiences is by telling them a story .
That 's not going to be possible with every piece of content you create , but whenever you can tell a story , it 's worth doing because it helps to draw the reader in and get them hooked into your content .
Put the why before the how .
Companies , and by extension the writers who work for them , have a tendency to explain what they do and how they do it .
But they often do n't spend enough time talking about why they do what they do .
That 's really a critical piece of the puzzle and something that you should take on board in every piece of content that you create .
It 's also something we 've written about in the past , so check out this post to learn more .
Break some rules .
Grammar is important .
And while you definitely want to ensure that your content is well written , that does n't mean that you need to adhere to every single grammar rule ever written .
Sometimes it 's OK to break certain rules to make your content a bit more conversational .
For example , it 's OK to start your sentences with a conjunction ( and , or , but , etc . )
and to end them with a preposition ( toward , of , with , etc . ) .
Keep These Writing Tips in Mind Before You Publish Your Content 14 .
Read it out loud .
This is such a basic , but also important , step .
Reading your content out loud forces you to pay attention to every word you have written because you 're not only reading it , but also having to pronounce and hear each one .
In the process you 'll catch mistakes , awkward turns of phrase , and other issues that you might have otherwise missed .
Eliminate redundancies .
While it can be useful to highlight key messages in your writing more than once to help underscore their importance or reinforce them , you do n't want your content to be repetitive .
Cast a careful eye over your content to make sure that you 're not just saying the same things over and over again using different words .
If you 've made the point once , in most cases there 's no need to make it a second or third time .
Get rid of any extra spaces .
Are you still using two spaces after your periods ?
That 's so 20th century .
In reality , that practice fell out of favor when we entered the digital world .
If you do n't take those spaces out , any graphic designer laying your content out will .
You can read more about it here .
Say it with fewer words .
Being efficient and concise with your use of words is difficult and takes a lot more work than just letting your ideas flow freely .
Once all of your content is in place , make sure to go back and give it a critical edit .
Try to tighten up your prose and eliminate unnecessary words wherever possible .
This will make your content clearer and more to the point .
Link to other content .
To make your content richer and more useful , go back and insert links to other content wherever appropriate .
For example , you might link to the bios of people you reference , to articles that explain a particular concept in more depth , or to other resources that the reader can consult .
Just make sure that anything that you link to is of really high quality .
Doing so not only makes your content better , it also makes it more attractive to search engines .
Make sure it 's scannable .
As you 're giving your content a final review , look for opportunities to break it up visually .
For example , you might want to add in more headings , use bulleted lists , or insert callouts or graphics .
In a world where people are time poor , big blocks of content can be daunting and turn readers off .
By giving people different reference points throughout your content , they can quickly navigate to the parts that interest them most .
Give credit where credit is due .
We all tend to consult various sources as part of the writing process .
And while it 's fine to share general knowledge ( e.g. , the earth is round , the sky is blue ) without attributing it to any source , when you 're referring to specific statistics , research , ideas , or findings , you should always make sure that you include your source by either linking to it or including a footnote or endnote with a proper citation .
Thanks for reading our list of writing tips .
We hope you find them useful as you get ready to work on your next piece of content .
In fourteen hundred and ninety-two , Columbus sailed the ocean blue .
Remember learning that in school ?
As children we were taught the basics about Christopher Columbus ' epic journey to discover the New World .
Fast-forward 524 years and here at Acrolinx , we 're going to attempt to round out that education with some interesting facts that you might not know about Columbus , or his perilous journey .
Along with his brother Bartolomeo , Columbus operated a little mapmaking and bookselling shop while he lived in Portugal .
If for no other reason , this is noteworthy because it suggests Columbus dug content as much as we do .
( Source ) Before becoming a famous admiral and governor of the New World , Columbus was a pirate , or privateer , who helped attack Moorish merchant trips .
( Source ) Contrary to popular belief , most educated Europeans in Columbus ' day understood that the world was round , but they did n't yet know that the Pacific Ocean existed .
( Source ) The map that Columbus is believed to have used to guide him as he planned his voyage currently resides at Yale University .
It 's four feet tall and six-and-a-half feet wide and was created by the German cartographer Henricus Martellus .
( Source ) Columbus made four different trips to the New World , visiting in 1492 , 1493 , 1498 , and 1502 .
( Source ) Those ships you 've learned to identify as the Niña , Pinta , and Santa Maria were actually called Santa Clara , Pinta , and La Gallega .
( Source ) Santa Maria was one of nine ships sunk under Columbus ' management .
( Source ) Columbus never set foot on mainland North America .
( Source ) Columbus most likely was n't the first European to cross the Atlantic Ocean .
Instead , that distinction goes to the Norse Viking Leif Eriksson , who is believed to have landed in present-day Newfoundland around 1000 A.D. ( Source ) Near the end of his life , Columbus wrote a book ( see , he was a content guy ) called Book of Privileges that listed all the promises the Spanish crown had made to him over the years and the ways the crown had n't honored those promises .
( Source ) No painter ever captured Columbus on canvas .
Paintings depicting Columbus are works of fiction .
( Source ) Columbus Day became a US national holiday in 1937 .
It was originally observed on October 12 , but in 1971 the date was moved to be the second Monday in October .
( Source ) We 're sharing these facts with you to honor a very important , if somewhat controversial , man who forever changed the world .
As a content professional , no matter whether you have the day off or are hard at work , in our view it 's worth taking a step back and trying to apply a few lessons from Christopher Columbus ' life to your work .
Those lessons include : Do n't be afraid to chart your own course .
You 've got to take risks and head in new directions .
It may not always work out , but it 's only by taking risks that you get any rewards .
Columbus saw opportunities where others did n't and pursuing those opportunities paid off .
Trust yourself .
On his maiden voyage to the New World , Columbus ' crew threatened to mutiny , turn the ship around , and return to Europe .
Rather than give into the pressure , Columbus believed in himself and forged ahead .
It 's the same in life .
Believe in yourself and trust your instincts .
Never give up .
Nine different ships sunk under Columbus ' command .
While that 's definitely tragic , you have to admire the guy 's tenacity and perseverance .
Those are two qualities that content professionals always need to have .
Winning the content game is a marathon and not a sprint , and you 've got to make sure that you always keep at it .
We hope you enjoyed our Columbus Day post .
Keep up the hard work creating amazing content , and we 'll try to do the same .
The truth about content is that it 's a messy business .
Take a look at 10 different content creators and I bet you 'll find 10 different styles of writing .
In some cases , the differences will be pretty small .
Maybe comma usage varies among the group or one person has a Penchant for capitalizing Words at Random ( why does anyone do this ? ! ? ) .
In other cases , the differences in writing styles will be much more pronounced — so much so , in fact , that you might be able to tell who the author is just by how it 's written .
Now , imagine working for a company where there are literally hundreds or even thousands of people creating content .
Oh , and keep in mind that most of them probably are n't professional writers .
They 're probably sales , customer service , or product people , who just happen to also be responsible for creating customer-facing content from time to time .
Can you imagine just how different the style of all of that content would be and how much its quality would vary ?
And do n't forget that people often use different words to say the same thing .
Take three different writers and they might all have their own way of explaining a company 's products and services .
They might even use slightly different names for them — the ones they 've been taught to use within their department but that are n't necessarily quite right .
Welcome to Content 's Wild West At many companies , content is effectively a free-for-all .
Sure , there may be some editorial guidelines in place for people to follow , but chances are that nobody outside of the department that created them actually does .
And , since there 's so much content being created by so many different people , it 's virtually impossible to police it all .
Editors can only do so much , so there 's probably plenty slipping through the cracks and into customers ' hands , even if it 's not quite right or totally on brand .
That 's actually a much bigger problem than most people realize .
When a company publishes content that sounds like it 's being written by lots of different people , and when the quality of that content varies along with its use of terminology , it does two things : It confuses people .
Content is most companies ' main touch point with their customers .
If the content is inconsistent it makes it seem as though the company is n't speaking with one voice , which can be confusing .
It gives customers the impression that the company has a split personality because it sounds one way here and another way there .
Plus , if everyone is describing the same thing in different ways or using slightly different words , that can really throw customers off .
It degrades your brand .
Let 's face it , confusing is n't a good attribute .
Neither is inconsistent , sloppy , or all over the shop .
When a company publishes content that reflects lots of different styles of writing , use of terms , and overall ability , it sends a negative message to customers that ultimately degrades your brand .
I liken content at many companies to the Wild West .
Anything goes and the result can be chaotic and dangerous .
Suffice it to say , it 's not a good approach .
Governance Is the New Sheriff in Town While it 's great for individual writers to have their own style and voice , when they 're writing on behalf of their company they all need to write the same way to avoid the issues I raised above .
For that to happen , you need governance .
Governance can come in lots of different forms .
It can be a style guide like I mentioned earlier or a team of editors who enforce the rules .
But , while this works really well at small organizations , the problem is that it just does n't scale .
At large organizations , most people do n't consult style guides .
Or , if they do , it 's their own department 's rather than one that 's intended for the entire enterprise .
And while editors can play a role at mitigating these issues , you 'd need an army of them to churn through the huge volumes of content most large companies create .
Suffice it to say , it 's not a very cost-effective approach .
A better solution is to use technology .
Content optimization software , for example , not only checks your content for the basics like grammar and spelling .
It also enforces all of your company 's unique style guidelines , and ensures that writers always use the company 's preferred terms , words , and phrases .
And , since this works right in the authoring tools that people actually use ( think Google Docs and Microsoft Word , among dozens of others ) , it 's hassle free .
Plus , it scores your content , which makes enforcing your standards a breeze .
All you have to do is tell people that their content wo n't be published or distributed unless it meets a certain score .
Boom , instant enforcement .
Be a Content Hero , Not a Content Outlaw Content is important for your business .
And while things can easily get messy , it does n't have to be that way .
Rather than resign yourself to living in the Wild West , how about bringing some law and order to your company 's content ?
If you 're a small organization , style guides and a few crack editors may do the trick .
If you 're a large organization , however , you might want to consider something a little more powerful .
Customer experience is the summation of all of your personal interactions with a company across every conceivable touch point .
It 's the feeling you walk away with after browsing your way through a company 's website , for example , or after interacting with a member of its sales team .
It 's also the impression you get after seeing its advertisements , using its products or services , or speaking with its customer service reps. Interactions like these , and your feelings about them , are important .
They help to shape your opinion about the company and play a big role in whether you 'll build a lasting relationship with that company or not .
Not surprisingly , customer experiences have to be carefully managed and cultivated .
It 's about putting your customers first at every stage of their journey with you .
The companies that do so well are able to turn the experiences they create for their customers into a competitive advantage by converting their target audiences from casual consumers of their products and services into loyal repeat customers .
Meanwhile , the companies that do n't are at risk of getting left behind .
By the Numbers : Some Facts About Customer Experience To help put the importance of customer experience into context , consider the following statistics : 86 percent of customers are willing to pay more for a better customer experience .
Yet , only one percent of customers feel that their expectations for good customer experience are always met .
( Source : Oracle ) Maximizing satisfaction with customer journeys has the potential to increase revenues by 15 percent , while reducing the costs of serving customers by as much as 20 percent .
( Source : McKinsey & Company ) 89 percent of customers say that they will stop doing business with a company because of a poor customer experience .
( Source : Oracle ) What 's more , according to Gartner , by 2017 , 50 percent of consumer product investments will be redirected to customer experience innovations .
The question , however , is two-pronged : What does that actually mean , and how do you go about creating better customer experiences ?
How Customer Experiences Start to Take Shape The fact that customer experience can be influenced by virtually any interaction your customers have with you is a pretty daunting realization .
At the highest level , what it means is that you have to : Understand the customer journey .
There are many steps between prospects discovering who you are and how you can help them solve a particular problem they are facing , and becoming loyal customers .
It 's important to map out what each of the steps on that journey is so that you can identify ways to improve customer experiences along the way .
In the process , keep in mind that customer journeys are rarely , if ever , linear .
So you need to be sure that each step of the journey provides a positive experience independent of the others .
Identify all of the potential touch points .
As you consider each step of the customer journey , think of all of the different places where your customers may be interacting with your brand .
These interactions can be formed around your website and marketing materials , your social channels , your advertisements , your sales or customer service calls , your guest content that appears on third-party websites , and at events or during other live engagements with your staff .
The list goes on and on .
The important thing here is to know what all of those potential touch points are so that you can start paying attention to the experiences they 're creating for your customers .
Reengineer with your customers in mind .
Every experience your customer has with you should be easy , efficient , and ideally a pleasure .
Any that do n't meet that criteria need to be fixed .
That often means removing unnecessary steps to streamline processes , using the information you already know about your customers to tailor experiences specifically to their needs , and treating your customers like the people they are .
Drive consistency .
According to research from McKinsey & Company , consistency is the single most important factor when it comes to customer satisfaction .
Specifically , McKinsey cites the need for customer journey consistency , emotional consistency , and communication consistency .
Consistency is so important because customers ' impression of your business are typically formed from interactions at lots of different stages of the buyer journey across many different touch points .
When those interactions are consistently good , it raises overall customer satisfaction .
While there are plenty of other factors that drive customer experience , the four above are a good place to start .
And , so is one more : content .
How Does Content Fit In ?
If you 're wondering why we 're blogging about customer experience , it 's because content has an important role to play in shaping customer experiences .
After all , content is often a critical part of most of your customers ' interactions with your brand .
If that content is n't effective — in other words , if it does n't communicate key messages clearly and in an engaging way — you 're inhibiting your ability to create great customer experiences .
Similarly , if your content is n't consistent — if it does n't adopt the same style and tone of voice , or if it uses different words and phrases to say the same thing — your customer experiences will be less effective .
I 've written more about this topic — the role of content in customer experiences — in a follow-up blog post that you can find here .
Here 's a Halloween question for you : What 's the secret to creating something truly terrifying ?
Is it slowly building the suspense until your audience is literally on the edge of their seat , or shocking them with frightening amounts of gore ?
Is the key to create horrifying monsters that give them nightmares , or to plant the seeds of doubt that creep into any psychological thriller ?
The reality is that the scariest things are usually the ones that are real .
We 're talking about the things that we know could actually happen to us , which is exactly what makes them so scary .
That 's why , in honor of Halloween , we 're serving up 13 terrifying content marketing stats that are sure to leave you feeling unsettled .
If they apply to you , they 'll make you scream .
If they do n't , they 'll be a frightening reminder of just how far most content marketing professionals still need to go to master their craft .
Read on for yourself , if you dare : 68 percent of B2B companies do n't have a documented content strategy .
( Source : CMI and MarketingProfs ) What makes this scary ?
Not only is that number up from 65 percent last year , it 's also bad news because having a documented content strategy is one of the keys to content marketing success .
Only 12 percent of marketers say that they create content with specific customers , targets , marketers , or industries in mind .
( Source : MarketerGizmo ) What makes this scary ?
How about the fact that it means that 88 percent of marketers are creating generic content , throwing it against the wall , and hoping it sticks .
Yikes !
59 percent of marketers say that they either do n't have the technology or the bandwidth/resources to personalize their content .
Meanwhile , 53 percent say that they lack the data to do so .
( Source : eMarketer ) What makes this scary ?
Personalization is critical for making content that 's engaging , that audiences actually want to read , and that gets them to convert .
Unfortunately , according to this stat , most marketers are n't in a position to achieve any of that .
90 percent of customers expect consistent interactions across channels .
( Source : SDL ) What makes this scary ?
Consistency is key , and that starts with your content in terms of having a consistent brand voice , style , and tone .
Not to mention using words and phrases consistently .
But unless you 've got software helping you to manage all of this , it can be a frightfully difficult thing to do .
87 percent of B2B marketers say that they struggle to develop compelling content .
( Source : Forrester ) What makes this scary ?
Content that is n't compelling does n't work !
Only four percent of B2B content marketers are `` true masters of content marketing . ''
The other 96 percent are `` doing '' content marketing , but not at an advanced level .
( Source : Kapost ) What makes this scary ?
Content marketing is n't nearly as sophisticated ( yet ) as many of us would like to think .
That means there 's still a lot of trial and error going on .
71 percent of leading marketers do n't systematically reuse and repurpose content .
( Source : Curata ) What makes this scary ?
Repurposing and reusing content is one of the foundational parts of any good content strategy .
To not do so is wasteful , and it means that you have to work a lot harder to get results .
70 percent of marketers do n't think that their organization is effective at content marketing .
( CMI and MarketingProfs ) What makes this scary ?
There 's a real lack of confidence ( and maybe even expertise ) among some content marketers .
62 percent of marketers are n't publishing content at least once a week .
( Source : LinkedIn Technology Marketing Community ) What makes this scary ?
To be effective at content marketing , you have to publish consistently on a regular basis .
Ad hoc publishing does n't work .
Only 14 percent of bloggers have a formal editing process that they use before publishing their work .
( Source : Orbit Media Studios ) What makes this scary ?
No formal editing means that it 's easy for errors to slip in , and errors can easily lead to problems .
See the next stat .
59 percent of people say that they would n't use a company if it had bad grammar and spelling mistakes on its website or in its marketing materials .
( Source : Global Lingo ) What makes this scary ?
Most companies have typos , grammatical mistakes , and other language issues on their websites .
We know , we see them all the time .
( Want us to point out yours ?
Click here . )
In Europe , over 66 percent of businesses see significant room for improvement , rating their content marketing as basic or inconsistent .
( Source : HubSpot ) What makes this scary ?
There 's clearly a lot of work to do , and not just in Europe .
Only 19 percent of companies are producing high-quality , consistent content .
( Source : Acrolinx ) What makes this scary ?
That 's not a very high percentage , which means that most companies need to be paying more attention to their content day in and day out if they want to use it effectively to drive their business forward .
It 's Time to Conquer Our Fears Whoa , that 's a lot of heavy ( and scary ) stats .
The good news , though , is that there 's really nothing to be afraid of .
If you 're a content professional , as long as you 're continually learning ( by , for example , reading great blogs ) , and as long as you 've got access to the right tools to help you do your job , all of the content marketing demons we 've surfaced today are going to shrink away and disappear .
Yes , it 's a scary world out there .
But if you 're prepared for it , you can excel in it .
Every day we interact with companies and brands .
More often than not , those interactions are n't with people , they 're with content .
Just think about it .
How often do you actually talk to a company 's sales reps or attend its events ?
Probably not very often , if at all .
Instead , most of the interactions that we have with brands are driven by content .
Our perceptions of brands are shaped in large part by things like the ads and posts that we see in our social media feeds ; the blogs , news items , and other information that show up in our Google searches ; the emails we receive telling us about a new service ; and even the instructions we read when trying to use a product .
Admittedly , a lot of other factors go into shaping our perception of and experience with brands .
My point , however , is that content is usually front and center for a lot of it .
Let 's take a closer look at why that is and what it means for you .
When Your Customers Are in Control , Your Content Is Your Lifeline By now you 've probably seen the stats that say just how far along the buyer journey today 's customers travel on their own before ever contacting a vendor .
I 've seen estimates that vary from 57 percent to 90 percent , with plenty of other sources citing percentages in between .
Regardless of which of those numbers is correct , I think we can all agree that they point to the same conclusion : The nature of selling has changed .
The reality is that thanks to the internet , which has made huge amounts of information available to everyone , today 's customers are in the driver 's seat .
They 're no longer reliant on company sales reps to share information with them because they can find it all online for themselves .
Fundamentally , what that means is that if you want to have a relationship with them , you need high-quality content , and plenty of it .
That 's because your content is your lifeline to your customers .
It 's the way you can communicate your messages out to them , engage them , and get them to take the next step on the path to purchase .
Content Helps Shape Customer Experiences Since many of your customers ' experiences with your brand are tied to your content , it 's safe to conclude that your content has a direct impact on those experiences .
In other words , what you say and how you say it affects how customers experience your brand .
Let me give you some examples of how : It can make your customers feel respected .
Most people are pretty time poor and do n't appreciate having whatever time they do have wasted .
Your content can create a positive experience for your customers by being concise , to the point , and most importantly of all , useful .
People are rarely looking for fluff or noise ( there 's already more than enough of that to go around ) , so by offering your customers content that 's valuable to them and that gives them what they need , you can create better experiences for them .
It can demonstrate that you pay attention to detail .
If your customers notice typos , grammatical issues , errors of fact , or other mistakes in your content , it says to them that you 're not particularly worried about the details .
While a misspelling here and there may seem like forgivable offenses , if your customers notice those mistakes it will impact their experience on some level .
At a minimum , it might make them stop and ask themselves , `` If your company is being careless with its content , is it also being careless with other things ? ''
It can help your customers feel engaged .
The tone of voice that you adopt in your content can go a long way toward making your customers feel like you 're talking to them rather than at them .
The right tone can convey that you understand your customers , that you 're on the same page , and that you 're in touch with them and their needs .
All of this is important because it can make your customers feel more engaged , while helping them to enjoy each of their interactions with you all the more .
It can help create consistency .
In my last post I cited some research from McKinsey & Company that noted that consistency is the most important driver of customer satisfaction .
One aspect of that consistency is communication , and the key to consistent communication starts with the consistent use of language and content .
Everything from applying the same tone of voice to ensuring that the right words and phrases are used to describe your business and its offerings are critical to creating a consistent experience .
When your content is n't consistent across every touch point , your customers will notice and , trust me , it wo n't go down well with them .
If you take away anything after reading this post , let it be this : Content has a growing and critically important role to play in shaping customer experience .
That means that you need to be paying lots of attention to the quality and consistency of your content , so that you can help create the best customer experiences possible .
There 's probably never been a US presidential election where content has played a bigger role than it has this year .
From late-night tweets and plagiarized speeches to leaked emails , viral videos , and political cartoons , content has been at the center of this election at almost every turn .
In some cases , the candidates have used content to share an opinion or express their dissatisfaction .
In others , they 've used it to rally their base or capitalize on an opportunity .
Meanwhile , plenty of observers have created content poking fun at what is arguably one of the most unusual presidential elections in US history .
It 's in anticipation of the day we head to the polls that in this post we pay our respects to some of the more interesting , unique , outrageous , and eye-catching content that 's bubbled up out of this year 's election .
Enjoy !
Websites A candidate 's website is a huge repository of campaign content .
It contains tens of thousands of words about everything from policies and platforms to what the candidates promise to do during their first 100 days in office .
Earlier this year , we used Acrolinx to evaluate the content on both candidate 's websites and wrote an interesting blog post with all of our findings .
If you want to see how Trump and Clinton stack up on content quality ( along with the other candidates who were still in the race at the time ) , check out this post .
You might be surprised by the results .
Tweets Donald Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) has 12.9 million followers on Twitter and has tweeted 33,900 times since joining the social media platform in 2009 .
Throughout the course of this election , he 's been criticized for getting into Twitter fights with his enemies , often going on the offensive .
Yet at the same time , he 's managed to use Twitter to mobilize his base to great effect , popularizing hash tags like # CrookedHillary in the process .
Meanwhile , Hillary Clinton ( @ HillaryClinton ) has amassed 10.2 million followers since joining Twitter in 2011 .
During that time , she has tweeted over 9,000 times .
Unlike Donald Trump , most of her tweets appear to be sent on her behalf by staff , with the exception of those signed `` -H , '' which are said to come directly from her .
To our knowledge , Clinton does n't engage in Twitter warfare .
Memes A meme is a funny image or piece of text that has a way of going viral on the internet , often spreading over social media .
There 's been no shortage of memes during this election , including beauties like the ones below .
( Source : Instagram ) ( Source : The Daily Blubb ) While it 's unclear what , if any , effect content like this has on the electorate , surely seeing things like this pop up time and time again in social media feeds influences people on some level .
Speeches Between the candidates and their surrogates , hundreds of speeches are given in the months leading up to an election .
While each one has a role to play in convincing voters , the two speeches that have perhaps stood out most during the election were n't given by either candidate .
Instead , the speeches that really seemed to make the most headlines were Melania Trump 's remarks at the Republican National Convention , which became controversial when it was discovered that some of the speech had been plagiarized .
This was followed up a couple of months later with Michelle Obama 's recent speech in which she confronted recent allegations about Trump .
Hillary Clinton has also come under fire throughout the course of her campaign for being paid large sums of money for speaking events with a variety of Wall Street institutions .
Political Cartoons Political cartoons date back to the 18th century , and have been a prominent way for publications to provide commentary on current events ever since .
This election cycle has n't disappointed , with a seemingly endless array of political cartoons gracing publications around the world for the past 18 months .
A couple of our ( neutral ) favorites include : ( Source : Forbes ) ( Source : ToonsOnline ) Videos Another type of content that seems to have gone viral in this election are videos spoofing the candidates .
Saturday Night Live has gotten a lot of attention over the past six weeks by broadcasting mock versions of the presidential debates .
For better or worse , videos like these reinforce ideas about the candidates .
Although they 're meant to entertain , it 's safe to say that everyone creating content about the election has some kind of political agenda .
Although SNL takes jabs at both candidates , it 's not hard to see who they support .
Content for President ?
If nothing else , we think all of this goes to show just how important content is in an election .
To be a successful candidate , politicians need to not only master policy , they have to become experts in building and defending their brand through content .
While not everyone will be happy with the outcome of this year 's election , at least take solace in knowing that content has definitely come out as a winner .
Are you in marketing ?
Have you recently found yourself being asked to contribute to keeping churn levels low ?
Or are you in a customer services or support role ?
Are you finding yourself asked to focus more on keeping the brand personality through customer success programs and promoting real customer value , rather than just one-dimensional , snapshot CSAT scores ?
We 're seeing these crossovers happening more and more frequently .
A lot of people talk about marketing and after-sales as if we 're still living in the 20th century — and the internet never happened .
I 'm here to tell you that those days are well and truly over .
Have a think for a second : What is `` marketing '' ?
I ‘ m not going to try to find the best possible definition , but , very broadly , most people would agree it 's something to do with telling your target market that you exist — and reminding them when they forget .
And , of course , that you 're great and you can make their life better .
I carefully did n't say `` telling your customers , '' because back in the old days marketing would stop when someone became a customer .
Well , that 's gone out of fashion for three very good reasons : Your customers are your biggest source of future revenue — whether you sell shoes , phones , planes , or software .
Your existing customers are statistically more likely to buy from you than anyone else .
Many of them are on subscription .
You can now subscribe to software , razors , phones , cars , and even car tires .
That means that every year , or every month , or in fact every minute , you can get fired and your future revenue will disappear .
Sam Walton 's quote has never been more true : `` There is only one boss .
The customer .
And he can fire everybody in the company from the chairman on down , simply by spending his money somewhere else . ''
In the modern , hyperconnected world , your target audience will trust their peers more than they trust you .
So turning customers into advocates has become a key goal for marketing teams everywhere .
As Scott Cook has said , `` A brand is no longer what we tell the consumer it is — it is what consumers tell each other it is . ''
The move to subscription or other recurring revenue models is a seismic trend for marketing .
I say `` seismic '' because that moment when marketing can pack up and go home , their job well done , just disappeared .
There 's no single moment of sale anymore .
One case in point : Adobe currently has millions of trial users of their software .
Suddenly , the role of after-sales — focused on a great customer experience ( user , experience , customer success , and satisfaction ) — is now right in the middle of the critical path to the company 's future revenue .
[ easy-tweet tweet= '' 'After-sales has become the new pre-sales . '
@ abredenkamp @ acrolinx # customerexperience # CX # content '' ] After-sales , aka customer support or customer care , has changed beyond all recognition in the age of the internet .
The subscription age has led to a complete lack of commitment between consumers and brands .
Michael Brenner has cited a survey showing that 73 % of people surveyed would n't care if the brands they use disappeared from their life .
This trend has led in turn to a heightened focus on the customer experience and established brands being threatened by startups who excel at CX .
New banking apps like Simple and Number26 are suddenly making life uncomfortable for established banks , whose offerings are increasingly irrelevant for ( young ) new potential customers .
So customer experience is driving the business .
Jim Stengel 's famous book on company growth showed that companies that had an `` ability to connect '' outperformed others by almost 400 % .
All kinds of companies are now looking at their customers ' journeys as they interact with the brand .
As marketing became a numbers game , the numbers showed a very clear and surprising , even terrifying , fact : Prospects are reading after-sales content !
It turns out that all content is marketing content , hence the slogan : `` Everyone works for marketing . ''
One major problem here is that the different teams creating this content are often collecting tons of data on what their customers are doing , but are setting themselves different goals .
In almost every industry , the data very clearly shows that marketing and after-sales are inextricably linked , and that both are largely fueled by content .
What does all of this mean for you ?
Well , a great start would be to have a conversation about shared goals with your colleagues across the company who create customer-facing content .
Marketing , sales , and after-sales have all become one `` thing '' — driven by the need to deliver great customer experiences , from first contact to last .
Ultimately , the end-to-end success of the company is everyone 's problem .
When you look up at the sky tonight , you 'll see something pretty amazing .
The Moon is going to be about 14 percent bigger and 30 percent brighter than usual .
Supermoons , like the one happening tonight , occur because the Moon follows an elliptical orbit .
As a result , the distance between the Earth and the Moon can vary substantially — by as much as around 50,000 kilometers — depending on where in its orbit the Moon is at the time when it 's full .
And , while supermoons are n't that unusual ( tonight 's is one of three this year ) , what makes this one particularly noteworthy is the fact that the Moon will be at its closest point to the Earth in nearly 70 years .
That means it will appear bigger and brighter than most of us have ever seen it before .
If you 're wondering why we 're giving you a mini-astronomy lesson in a blog about content , it 's because we think there are some parallels between tonight 's supermoon and successful content marketing .
Just consider the following : You 've Got to Mix Things Up There 's a full Moon approximately every 29.5 days .
That means if you live to be 80 years of age , you 'll live through approximately 990 full Moons over the course of your lifetime .
Of course , chances are that you wo n't remember many of them .
That 's because they 're not only common , they 're also almost always more or less the same , which makes them both forgettable and easy to overlook .
Yet , when there 's a special event like tonight 's supermoon , which is both rare and unique , it suddenly causes people to take note .
The parallel for content marketing is simple .
If you create the same content day in and day out , no matter how good it is , eventually people will start taking it for granted .
To maintain your audience 's attention and keep them interested , you 've got to mix things up .
That means creating your own version of a content supermoon from time to time by doing something slightly different to try to recapture people 's imagination .
The Good News Is That You Do n't Have to Reinvent the Wheel The Moon that you see tonight is the same one that you see every night .
The only difference is that it 's bigger and brighter .
And yet , it 's getting a lot of attention as a result .
When it comes to your content , while creating something new and innovative all the time would be ideal , that 's not practical , scalable , or even necessary .
Instead , just focus on tweaking what you 're already doing to keep your audience on its toes .
That could be as simple as coming up with more engaging blog titles or periodically changing the design of your newsletter .
The idea is to find ways to freshen up what you 're already doing to help bring new interest and awareness to it .
Perspective Matters From down here on Earth , the Moon looks pretty far away .
And while it 's going to be a lot closer to us tonight than usual , it 's all really just a matter of perspective .
Most of us would never actually know how much bigger the Moon appears , or how much closer it actually is , if it were n't for the scientists who tell us .
And really , those precise details do n't matter nearly as much as the overall impression that the Moon makes on us .
As a content marketer , it 's also important to have perspective .
While the precise details of your content matter and you should take care to get them right , most people wo n't actually notice them .
What they 'll be left with is an overall impression that 's either positive or negative .
What that means is that beyond simply getting the details right , you need to focus on how to create the best overall impression possible .
To do so , you 've got to adopt the right tone of voice , ensure that your content has the right look and feel , and make sure that it 's relevant and useful for your audience .
We 're Over the Moon If you miss tonight 's supermoon , there will be another one next month .
But it wo n't be as big or as bright as tonight 's .
To get the equivalent experience , you 're going to have to wait until 2034 , which is an awfully long time .
So make sure to get outside this evening and to spend some time looking up .
You might just be amazed at what you see .
Likewise , apply the lessons we outlined above to your content marketing , and you might just be amazed at the results .
When content is part of your job , you take it very seriously .
You try to be the best writer that you can , creating content that 's interesting , engaging , and easy to read .
And , as you hone your writing skills , you also start to develop something that can only be described as an allergic reaction to writing mistakes .
Admittedly , we all make mistakes when we write .
Hopefully , by editing our content or running it through some kind of review , we spot and correct those mistakes so that we can deny our readers the chance of doing so for us .
Unfortunately , however , not everyone who writes is good at writing .
Likewise , not all writers are good at editing their own work , or have the luxury of a team of editors or content optimization software to catch their mistakes .
In this post , we 've decided to rant about some of our biggest content pet peeves .
These are common writing mistakes that we just do n't have any patience for .
Random Capitalization For some Reason , a lot of People tend to randomly capitalize Words when they write .
More often than not , the Words they capitalize are Nouns , but beyond that there does n't seem to be any Rhyme or Reason as to what they capitalize or when .
Remember , there are only a handful of instances when you 're supposed to capitalize words , such as when they start a sentence or are a proper noun .
( For a more comprehensive review of the rules , check out this post from Grammar Girl . )
When in doubt , do n't capitalize .
You 'll be right much more often than you 're wrong .
Passive Voice Passive voice is when you make the object of an action the subject of a sentence .
For example : This blog post was clearly written by people with a low tolerance for writing mistakes .
( passive ) People with a low tolerance for writing mistakes clearly wrote this blog post .
( active ) Passive voice is frustrating because it 's , well , passive .
In many cases , it 's also vague because it lets writers get away with not identifying who did what , as in the case of phrases like `` words were exchanged '' or `` It has been said… '' By whom ? ! ?
While passive voice is generally something you should avoid , there are a few instances when it 's okay and even preferable to use , such as when you do n't actually know who 's responsible for the action .
To learn more about passive voice and all of its do 's and don'ts , check out this great guide from the writing center at UNC-Chapel Hill .
Random Quotation Marks Some people have a tendency to put random words and phrases in quotation marks , like in the sentence below : Why do writers have `` big ideas '' about when to use quotation marks ?
To be clear , random quotation marks are superfluous .
Not only are they unnecessary , they can make your writing look pretty amateur .
For a full list of when and how to use quotation marks correctly , check out this GrammarBook.com article .
Misused Punctuation For some reason , punctuation is a real challenge for a lot of people .
Commas get spliced , semicolons and colons get confused , and people run amok with dashes and ellipses .
Think of punctuation as you would the spices that you add to a dish .
Overuse them , and it will throw off the balance of flavors .
Underuse them and they will be sorely missed .
Use the wrong ones and you could spoil everything .
Need help getting your head around punctuation ?
Check out this helpful guide .
Walls of Content/Bad Cadence One really important aspect of writing is how it looks on the page and how it sounds as you read it .
Getting that right means you 've got to do two things : First , you have to make sure that there are no giant walls of content in what you write .
We 're talking about massive paragraphs that are intimidating , tiresome to read , and can easily put readers off .
Second , you 've got to make sure that you find the right cadence with your content .
That usually means mixing up your sentence length so that some are short and others are long .
When you 've got too many long sentences , reading them can be a chore .
When you 've got too many short sentences , your writing can feel stilted or disjointed .
Getting the balance right is key .
Inconsistency It 's really frustrating when writers are inconsistent .
They capitalize a word here , and then do n't capitalize the same word somewhere else .
They use the Oxford comma on this page , but not on that one .
They use the percent sign in one place and write out the word in the very next paragraph .
Of course you always want your writing to be correct , but in some ways it would feel better if , when you made a mistake , you at least made the mistake consistently throughout your content .
That 's because inconsistency shows a complete lack of attention to detail and care for what you 're writing .
Random Bolding and Underlining A lot of writers make the mistake of randomly bolding , underlining , or using ALL capital letters in a word .
They do this to show emphasis and to draw readers ' eyes to particular words and phrases .
In reality , however , all this actually does is make your content look silly .
If you absolutely need to emphasize a word , the best way to do so is to set it in italics as in the following example : This blog post is about writing mistakes you can not afford to make .
But even italicizing words for emphasis should be done as little as possible .
Overuse of italics just undermines their effect .
Writing Out Numbers After Listing Them Numerically You do n't see this very often , but occasionally someone will write a number in a sentence like this : We 've cited 8 ( eight ) different writing mistakes that people should n't make in this post .
We do n't know why they do it — it 's not as if you 'd normally repeat yourself in other contexts , right ( correct ) ?
Suffice it to say that this is completely superfluous and should always be avoided .
Well , there you go ... our list of top content pet peeves .
We feel a lot better having gotten that off of our chests and hope that you enjoyed reading about what really bugs us .
We 'll do our best to always avoid these issues in our writing and we certainly hope that you 'll do us a solid and extend us the same courtesy .
Here at Acrolinx , we tend to think of ourselves as content geeks .
We like to roll up our sleeves and wade deep into the weeds about all kinds of issues pertaining to language , linguistics , and all of the other aspects of great writing .
It 's a labor of love that we 're excited to share with you from time to time with our quirky , fun , and ( hopefully ) informative blog posts .
No matter whether you 're a regular reader of this blog or here for the first time , chances are that if you 're checking out this post then you may be a content geek too .
But just in case you 're not sure , we want to share some of the telltale signs that keep giving us away : We 're obsessed with style and tone of voice !
The words that you use when you write determine so much about how your audience will perceive you .
They can make you sound smart and edgy or generic and stuffy .
They can help endear you to your audience or turn them off .
Style and tone of voice are topics that we love and that we write about all the time ( see our eBook and SlideShare series , for example ) .
If they interest you half as much as they do us , then you might be a content geek too .
We love making nerdy content jokes !
OK , so this does n't exactly make us the most popular of guests at cocktail parties , but seriously , who could resist gems like these : Q : What happened when the past , the present , and the future walked into a bar ?
A : It was tense .
Q : What do you say to comfort a content geek ?
A : There , their , they 're .
Our favorite books are about content !
Beyond the staples ( yes , we all have our copies of `` The Elements of Style '' at the ready ) , we 're also big fans of `` Everybody Writes '' and `` The Power of Babel . ''
If you 're looking for other great books about writing and language , we recommend Stephen King 's `` On Writing : A Memoir Of The Craft '' and Bill Bryson 's `` The Mother Tongue : English and How It Got That Way . ''
We live in dictionaries !
Well , not literally , of course .
But we do spend an awful lot of time looking up and learning new words .
Just last week we learned a new and very memorable one : eggcorns .
In fact , we wrote up a whole post about them , so if you 're curious to learn more , you can find it here .
We think of grammar as a competitive sport !
If grammar were an Olympic sport , we 'd be dying to compete .
That 's because we know grammar inside and out — we 've got to , in order to have built an effective content optimization platform .
And while we may aim for a cool , conversational tone in our blog posts , rest assured that underneath it all we 're competitive grammarians .
We secretly take pride in fixing other people 's writing !
We do n't mean that in a boastful way , but rather that we like to help people write better .
Writing well is so important for effective business communication .
We 're thrilled when we can help people write better so that whatever messages they 're trying to communicate are clear , engaging , and easy to understand .
So now that you know a little bit more about why we think we 're content geeks , the question is : Are you one too ?
Thanksgiving is one of my favorite holidays of the entire year .
It 's a day that 's all about coming together with friends and family to enjoy some great food and to give thanks for lots of different things in our lives .
If you 're a writer , a content marketer , or any other type of content professional , there are plenty of great resources out there that are helpful , informative , and that just make life easier .
In the spirit of Thanksgiving , in this post , I 'm sharing some of my favorite resources that I 'm thankful for .
Maybe you 'll be too after you 're done checking them all out .
Fun , Interesting , and Useful Content Marketing Tools Google Trends : A great source of insights and inspiration , Google Trends is a way for you to quickly see which searches are most popular on Google and YouTube .
Knowing what people are searching for can be a great catalyst for brainstorming ideas for creating relevant and compelling content .
Title Generator : If you 've run out of ideas and do n't know what to call your latest content masterpiece , Title Generator might be just what you need .
Simply enter a couple of relevant keywords about your content and it instantly produces hundreds of potential titles for you .
I find this is helpful not only for coming up with creative titles , but also brainstorming fresh content ideas .
The Noun Project : Need icons ?
The Noun Project might be just the resource for you .
It contains thousand upon thousands of icons about virtually any topic that you can imagine .
For anyone interested in sprucing up their content with a bit of iconography , this is definitely worth checking out .
Headline Analyzer : Ever write a headline but not feel confident that it was as strong or compelling as it could have been ?
Headline Analyzer gives you quick feedback on how well your headline works and offers suggestions on how you can make it better .
It 's a great way to get some unbiased feedback as you craft the perfect headline for your next piece of content .
BuzzSumo : This is a great tool for understanding what content actually works and who the influencers are that are amplifying it .
When you enter a topic or domain , you get insights into what content people are sharing and which channels they 're using to do so .
HTML Hacks for Marketers : Most content professionals wind up spending at least part of their time working in a content management system like WordPress , where knowing a thing or two about HTML can be invaluable .
HTML Hacks for Marketers is a guide from HubSpot that makes managing your way through basic HTML a lot easier for those of us who are less technically inclined .
If This , Then That : OK , so this is n't just a resource for content marketers .
If This , Then That ( IFTTT ) is a fantastic automation tool that has amazing application at home , at work , and in all sorts of areas of your personal life .
When it comes to content marketing , it 's particularly helpful for automating social media .
For example , if you 're updating an image on one channel , IFTTT will automatically update them on all of the others .
Trello : Trello is a great free tool that you can use to project manage anything , including your content .
We 've used it at Acrolinx to manage our editorial calendar and content creation workflows .
It 's quick , easy , and gives everyone who uses it total transparency into the status of a given piece of content , including what steps need to happen in order to complete it .
Scoop.it : I like Scoop.it for content curation .
Although they also offer content marketing automation , my experience is limited to using it for curation .
If you want to source and publish a lot of third-party content , this is a great tool that will make doing so a lot easier .
Blogs That Keep Me up to Date With Great Content Marketing Ideas The Content Strategist : This is an outstanding blog from the folks over at Contently .
It 's a great source for big ideas , fascinating examples , and lots of inspiration .
Neil Patel : Neil Patel 's blog is fantastic because it 's not only full of great information , it 's very practical and instructional .
Neil provides step-by-step guidance that leaves you feeling smarter and better equipped to succeed at content marketing .
Copyblogger : A blend of big ideas and how-to content , Copyblogger delivers useful information that will help you create better content and be a more successful content marketer .
The Moz Blog : The Moz Blog is my go-to for all things pertaining to search engine optimization .
If you want to master SEO , there 's no better resource that I 'm aware of than this blog .
I 've learned so much from it .
Kapost 's The Content Marketeer : Last , but not least , I 've got Kapost 's The Content Marketeer bookmarked on my computer .
I 've found some great articles here on everything from content marketing basics to advanced content strategy and corporate blogging .
It 's worth a look .
As you sit down to Thanksgiving dinner this year and reflect on all of the things that you 're thankful for , consider making all of the great resources that help you day in and day out with your job one of them .
We 'd like to think that this blog and the other resources we create for you are also useful to you and worthy of your appreciation .
If not , get in touch with us and let us know what we can do differently to meet all of your content marketing needs .
Mastering a language is tricky business , particularly if you want to write well in it .
One of the reasons is because you 've got to know all of the different expressions , turns of phrase , and other quirks that give the language its unique contours .
And while that may sound easy enough , it 's not always so straightforward when it comes time to use them correctly in written language .
Between confusion over homonyms ( words that have the same pronunciation or are spelled the same ) and eggcorns ( words or phrases that result from mishearing or misinterpretation of another ) , among other factors , it 's easy to get things wrong .
Below we 've compiled a list of 25 different words and phrases that , as a writer , you 've got to make sure you 're using correctly .
It 's 180-degree change , not 360-degree change To say you 've made a 180-degree change means that you 've turned around and are now effectively doing the opposite of what you were doing before .
By contrast , saying that you 've made a 360-degree change means that you 're in the same spot you were before and have n't really changed at all .
It 's beck and call , not beckon call To be at someone 's beck and call means that you 're at their disposal and ready to do whatever they need .
It often gets confused with the incorrect and nonsensical beckon call .
It 's chalk it up to , not chock it up to To chalk something up means to give credit to something .
A chock , on the other hand , is a wooden block you put under a wheel to keep it from moving .
It 's could n't care less , not could care less Saying you could n't care less implies that there 's no way that you could care any less .
When you say that you could care less , on the other hand , it means that there may still be some caring left in you .
It 's could have/should have/would have , not could of/should of/would of Although they may sound very similar , could of , should of , and would of do n't exist as constructions in English , and should never be used when writing .
It 's deep-seated , not deep-seeded Deep-seated means firmly established .
And while deep-seeded may seem to make sense on some metaphorical level , it 's not the correct expression .
It 's each one worse than the last , not each one worse than the next While it may at first seem that either version of this expression could work , the reality is that you 'd have to be a psychic for that to be true .
That 's because the expression sets up a comparison .
Logically speaking , you can only compare things that you 've already looked at and evaluated , not those that you have n't yet but are going to next .
It 's eke out , not eek out To eke something out means to make it last longer or go further .
Eek , on the other hand , is just a word used to express surprise or fear , as in `` Eek , a mouse ! ''
It 's fall by the wayside , not fall by the waste side To fall by the wayside means to fail to continue or to drop out .
To fall by the waste side is , well , simply incorrect .
It 's far be it from me , not far be it for me Far be it from me , as in `` far be it from me to interject , but… , '' is often confused with far be it for me .
The former is the correct version of the expression .
It 's first come , first served , not first come , first serve People get this one wrong all the time .
Just memorize it .
It 's for all intents and purposes , not for all intensive purposesFor all intents and purposes means in every practical sense .
For all intensive purposes is a commonly used eggcorn that may sound good , but does n't actually mean anything .
It 's free rein , not free reign Having free rein means that you can do whatever you want .
Having free reign , on the other hand , is just a common misuse of the homonym .
It 's hunger pangs , not hunger pains Although being hungry may be uncomfortable , even painful at times , it 's correct to describe that sensation as having hunger pangs , not hunger pains .
It 's jibe with , not jive with When something jibes with something else , that means that the two things are in accord or agreement with each other .
Although jive with is a commonly used variation , jibe is the preferred form , particularly when writing .
It 's make do , not make due To make do is short for making [ something ] do well enough , where the word do means to serve a specified purpose .
It 's similar to the usage in the sentence , `` I wanted waffles for breakfast , but pancakes will do . ''
It 's moot point , not mute point A moot point can be either an issue open for debate , or a matter of no practical value or importance because it 's hypothetical ( the latter is the more common example of how we use the term today ) .
A mute point , by contrast , does n't exist .
It 's statute of limitations , not statue of limitations Statutes of limitations are laws .
Statues of limitations are something you might find at a funky exhibit in a modern art museum .
It 's one and the same , not one in the same Here 's another example of an eggcorn .
Although both versions seem to make sense logically , one and the same is the correct version .
It 's scot-free , not scott-free To get off scot-free means not to have to endure any punishment , but it 's often incorrectly written as scott-free .
It 's shoo-in , not shoe-in A shoo-in is someone or something that 's certain to succeed or win a competition .
A shoe-in , on the other hand , does n't have any particular meaning .
It 's different tack , not different tact To take a different tack means to take a different approach .
It 's an expression derived from sailing and has nothing to do with being tactful .
It 's you 've got another think coming , not another thing coming If you think people do n't get this one wrong , you 've got another think coming .
Unfortunately , people often mishear think as thing and so this eggcorn was born .
It 's on tenterhooks , not on tenderhooks To be on tenterhooks means to be anxiously awaiting something .
According to the Free Dictionary , `` the expression is based on the literal meaning of tenterhook ( a hook that holds cloth that is stretched to dry ) , suggesting that someone 's emotions are tightly stretched like a piece of cloth held by tenterhooks . ''
It 's tongue in cheek , not tongue and cheek Tongue in cheek means to speak or write in an insincere way .
If you say or write tongue and cheek , you 're just listing two parts of the body .
While there are certainly plenty of other words and phrases that writers tend to get wrong , these ones are particularly common and , when used incorrectly , will make your writing look less professional .
Hopefully , after reading this list , you 've committed to memory the correct versions of any you may have had wrong .
Editor 's Note : This post is based on a presentation that Content Marketing Institute founder Joe Pulizzi recently gave at Content Connections , Acrolinx 's online , virtual conference .
Held in November 2016 , the event attracted thousands of content professionals from around the world .
You 'll also find a recording of Joe 's full presentation embedded in the post below .
Back in the 1990s when the internet started taking off , marketers got really excited .
That 's because websites finally gave us a place to put all of the collateral we had been creating about our companies ' products and services .
It seemed like a great thing .
When social media started arriving on the scene a few years later , it looked like things were getting even better .
Suddenly we had a bunch of new ways to distribute all of our content .
Unfortunately , over time we learned that some of our assumptions were n't quite right .
It turns out that for the most part , our customers do n't actually care to hear about our products and services , except at very specific points along the buyer journey .
As a result , if we want to get their attention and use content to communicate with them effectively , we 've got to focus on sharing really interesting and useful information that cuts through all of the clutter .
Looking back prior to 1990 , there were only eight ways that consumers could get information : Direct fax Direct mail Events Telephone Print Display Radio Television Practically speaking , what that meant is that all of the power resided with media companies and the brands with the biggest advertising budgets .
Fast forward to today , however , and there are hundreds — if not thousands — of ways for consumers to get information .
That 's important for a number of reasons , not least of which is that it means that customers and prospects can ignore us at will .
As a result , these days you can no longer just rely on advertising .
You need something interesting to say on a consistent basis to get people to pay attention to you .
That means that your biggest challenge is creating content that your customers will care about .
The Challenge of Content Marketing There are lots of different definitions thrown about when it comes to content marketing .
Here 's mine and it 's really simple : Content marketing is about building an audience .
You can do that by publishing your own content on your own channel to help you create amazing experiences for your audience .
When you do so consistently , it gives your audience the opportunity to get to know , like , and trust you , and ultimately leads to behavioral change .
And while research shows that 90 percent of businesses do some sort of content marketing , only about 30 percent say that they are successful at it .
If you 're wondering why , what it comes down to is that most companies : Are focused on creating content for specific campaigns rather than on an ongoing basis .
Still talk too much about their own products and services .
Do n't have clear goals .
Have n't got a documented strategy .
Despite these issues , just about everyone is creating content — and lots of it .
In fact , 75 percent of marketers say that they 're planning to create even more content over the next 12 months .
The problem , however , is that very few are developing audiences that know , like , and trust them .
6 Steps to Getting Content Marketing Right The good news is that there 's a better way to succeed at content marketing than simply creating more and more content .
I 've spent a lot of time reverse engineering what companies that are really successful at content marketing do , and I 'm going to share what I 've learned with you here .
They follow what I call the Content Inc. model , which consists of six steps : Find your sweet spot .
You have to know what to create content about .
It should be something that you 're really passionate about or about which you 've got a unique and deep level of knowledge and expertise .
You might create content that reflects a particular skill that you have or that hones in on a specific pain point that your customers face .
Whatever the case may be , you need to find the best topic that you can write about to be viewed as an authoritative and trusted expert .
Figure out your content tilt .
Most people stop at their sweet spot and that 's a mistake .
That 's because there 's so much competition out there , and in all likelihood there are already others writing about the same things as you .
You 've got to find an area with little to no competition where you can differentiate yourself and break through all of the clutter .
To find your content tilt , start by creating a content marketing mission statement that outlines who your core target audience is , what you 're going to deliver to them , and what the outcome will be for those people .
Build your base .
Next , it 's time to start building up your base of followers .
What I 've found through my research is that the best way to do this is to focus on just one type of content ( blog posts , videos , SlideShares , or whatever you like ) and to post them to one main platform .
When you publish consistently over a long period of time ( we 're talking 9–18 months ) , you 're going to get results .
If that sounds daunting , fair enough , but remember that content marketing is a marathon , not a sprint .
Harvest your audience .
Distribution is a critical part of content marketing .
While it 's important to leverage social media to help , you also have to think beyond that .
Remember that organic posts do n't often work , that it 's incredibly difficult to build an audience on rented land , and that you should create your own amazing newsletter .
With that in mind , focus on subscribers as your key metric and make sure that you 're always providing value to your audience in exchange for their subscription .
Diversify .
Over time , you 're going to want to diversify the content that you create .
What we 've found is that when people subscribe to three things ( say , a newsletter , a podcast , and a magazine ) they 're most likely to buy .
The idea here is to wrap your customers in content love , and you 're going to need more than just a blog to do that .
Monetize .
Being able to monetize your content marketing is basically the Holy Grail for everyone .
And , while there are plenty of ways to do so ( by selling advertising and sponsorships , creating events , developing cost savings initiatives , etc .
) , you 've got to be careful in how you approach it .
Do some analysis and try to figure out what the difference is between the people who subscribe to your content and those who do n't .
Once you understand that , monetization will fall into place .
And remember , you 've got to create value for your audience before you can start extracting value .
Are You Taking a Content Marketing Approach or Just Creating Content ?
Never forget that content marketing is about a lot more than simply creating content .
Everyone can and does create content these days , but not everyone is successful at content marketing .
If , however , you follow the six steps I 've outlined for you in this post , you 'll be well on your way to developing an audience that knows , likes , and trusts you .
Back at the beginning of November , thousands of content professionals from around the world tuned in for Content Connections , our online virtual conference , to hear from an all-star line up of content experts .
In this post , we 're recapping some of our favorite presentations , including those from Ann Handley , Andrew Davis , and Robert Rose .
In case you missed Content Connections , you can check out these amazing presentations at any time .
Below we 're including links to the recordings along with brief descriptions of each session .
We hope that you 'll enjoy them as much as we did .
Future Perfect : A Look Back at the Best Content of 2017 In this interesting presentation , Ann Handley , the chief content officer at MarketingProfs , asks you to imagine that it 's one year into the future .
She then invites you to look back at what she predicts will be some of the most successful content marketing programs of 2017 .
What does she find ?
That the best content marketing programs of 2017 were successful because they all did one key thing : They slowed down .
That 's right , they slowed down at just the right moments and wound up delivering faster , more sustainable programs , companies , and people as a result .
Watch Ann 's presentation to find out what three questions content professionals should be asking themselves to help slow down at the right times to get better results .
Momentum : The Simple Secret Smart Brands Employ to Turn Regular Content Into Extraordinary Success Andrew Davis is a well-regarded content marketing speaker and author .
This year , at Content Connections , he gave a fantastic presentation about how to build momentum around your content to maximize its reach with your audience .
In this interesting and fast-paced video , Andrew explains the importance of social proof when promoting your content .
He then goes on to outline an approach he describes with the words `` grow , plateau , and slow '' for promoting your content in stages .
He makes the case for starting with your existing audience , then expanding to a broader audience through social media , followed by reaching an even bigger audience through paid advertising , and finally sharing your content with the whole world through PR .
You definitely do n't want to miss this great presentation .
Content and Experiences : The Show That Never Closes Are you taking a long-term view with your content marketing or simply developing collateral to meet specific needs ?
In this presentation , Robert Rose , the chief strategy advisor for Content Marketing Institute , describes how successful brands do n't just plan for the launch , they also plan for the successful journey .
They 're focused on keeping audiences engaged so that they constantly come back for more .
Robert offers some great advice about developing a vision for a content show that never ends , understanding metrics , reusing content , and integrating your content assets into successful campaigns .
Stay tuned to this blog to see other presentations from Content Connections .
Editor 's Note : This post is based on a presentation that Scott Brinker , the co-founder and CTO of ion interactive and editor of chiefmartec.com , gave at Content Connections , Acrolinx 's online , virtual conference .
Held in November 2016 , the event attracted thousands of content professionals from around the world .
You 'll also find a recording of Scott 's full presentation embedded in the post below .
Earlier this year I published my annual marketing technology landscape supergraphic , which encompassed the nearly 3,800 marketing technology solutions available at the time .
In the months since , plenty of others have arrived on the scene .
I mention this because it highlights one very simple truth : Technology is infiltrating so many dimensions of what we 're doing in marketing .
And that 's not all .
Marketing and software development are becoming increasingly intertwined .
Look at professionals in either field today and you 'll find people who are analytical thinkers , take programmatic approaches , understand automation , focus on creativity and customer experience , and pay attention to user interface and design .
Plus , as marketers , we do n't just use software ; in many cases we 're creating it too .
Just look at how we 're evolving our websites , automation tools , and more .
As marketing and software development become ever more entangled , the question I 've been asking is : Are there ideas from software management that we can adopt in marketing ?
It turns out that there are .
The Rise of Agile Marketing You may have noticed how agile marketing has become a thing over the past few years .
It 's a product of agile software development and the basic idea is to try to do things faster by taking an iterative approach .
This is pretty much the exact opposite of the traditional waterfall approach that software developers historically followed , where it could take anywhere from six months to three years to plan for , build , and eventually ship a new piece of software .
The problem with the waterfall approach , of course , was that by the time the software did finally ship , requirements had often changed .
What software developers learned is that they had to stop fighting change and instead start harnessing it .
Practically speaking , what that meant was that rather than look at software creation as one big , monolithic effort , a better approach is to break it down into a series of much smaller tasks that you can iterate on quickly and get out to end users for feedback .
For a long time , marketing used the exact same waterfall approach .
You 'd create a big annual marketing plan and then execute against it with very little ability to pivot or adapt throughout the year in response to what was happening .
By moving to agile marketing , however , marketers can be more responsive , take more risks , and experiment to get better results .
It creates an opportunity for marketers to actually keep up with the breakneck speed of today 's digital world .
The Intersection of Marketing and Software Development Marketing has historically been the intersection of messages ( what you say ) and media ( how and where what you say appears ) .
Communication is the resulting art form between these two things .
In today 's digital age , there 's a third dimension in the mix : mechanisms .
Mechanisms are how things behave and what they do .
Websites are a good example .
As a marketer , you 're not just concerned with what they say or how they look , but also how well they function .
At the intersection of messages , media , and mechanisms , you find customer experience .
Software development is much the same .
Instead of messages , media , and mechanisms , however , it 's focused on data , user interfaces , and code .
But when you look at the intersection of those three things , what you find , just as in marketing , is a focus on the customer or user .
Given these parallels , Ray Velez , the global chief technology officer at Razorfish , has said that marketers should think less like marketing managers and more like product managers .
To find out what he means by that , and what the implications are for your content marketing program , check out my full presentation in the video player above .
Editor 's Note : This post is based on a presentation that Acrolinx founder and CEO Dr. Andrew Bredenkamp recently gave at Content Connections , Acrolinx 's online , virtual conference .
Held in November 2016 , the event attracted thousands of content professionals from around the world .
You 'll also find a recording of Andrew 's full presentation embedded in the post below .
Over the past year or so I 've heard a lot of people talking about content-driven customer experiences .
Many of the companies I 've met with spend a lot of time talking about how they use personalized content to engage their customers , and how they often juggle a variety of content initiatives to try to move their business forward .
And , while that 's all well and good , the problem is that in most of these conversations , the actual content creation piece of the puzzle usually gets overlooked .
It 's as if most people think that content gets created automatically out of thin air .
Of course , that 's just not the case .
This is something that Erin Provey from SiriusDecisions has been looking at .
What she 's found is that although most B2B companies allocate more than 50 percent of their marketing budgets to content creation , very few of them actually have a plan for those budget dollars .
In other words , rather than figuring out how they 're going to create their content , most companies are far more preoccupied with what they 'll do with it after the fact .
At a time when content has become such a critical component of customer experience , that 's a problem .
Taking a Closer Look at Customer Experience A new report from Accenture , called `` Managing B2B Customer Experience Strategy , '' sheds some light on customer experience .
Among its findings , it notes that : Overall customer experience is critical to B2B companies ' ability to grow and differentiate themselves .
And yet , fewer than one quarter of companies excel at delivering experiences that their customers notice and that deliver significant value .
Meanwhile , those who do get it right enjoy higher than average revenue growth .
Effectively , what this and other research points to is that being good at customer experience gives companies a significant competitive advantage .
Historically , customer experience has often been thought of in terms of the customer journey — typically represented by a funnel — with customers going through various stages from awareness through to advocacy .
These days there are lots of other different ways of looking at it , all of which are focused on putting the customer in the middle of everything , and giving customers the right content at each stage of their journey to help move them to the next .
The challenge , of course , is that customer journeys are never linear .
They 're chaotic and the way that customers consume your content can be as well .
That 's important because it means that every piece of content you create is a potential point of failure in terms of moving the customer forward .
So every piece of content has to be really good .
How Acrolinx Helps : Goals , Guidance , and Governance At Acrolinx , we 're focused on trying to help companies create better , more consistent content to help them create better customer experiences .
We do this by offering Acrolinx users three main things : Goals .
Acrolinx gives you the ability to set goals for your content 's quality and consistency in terms of its use of style , terminology , and tone of voice .
You can then optimize the guidance that Acrolinx provides your writers by fine-tuning it to give them the help they need to create content that aligns with your goals .
Guidance .
Acrolinx gives your writers nuanced feedback on their content based on your goals to help them create engaging content that aligns with your brand standards .
It 's this guidance that helps ensure that you and your writers are all speaking with one voice .
Governance .
Scoring gives you the ability to understand what issues a piece of content has and how to fix them .
When you aggregate content scores across your team or even your entire company , you can get visibility into your content at both a macro and micro level .
We know that creating great content is critically important for creating better customer experiences .
We also know just how big of an impact content that is n't up to par can have on your business 's overall effectiveness .
In my view , the case for creating better content to help improve the customer experience could n't be clearer .
Watch my full presentation to learn more .
In case you missed it , we wanted to share two more great presentations from Content Connections 2016 , our online virtual conference held in November .
This time around , we 're spotlighting Doug Kessler 's presentation on building content centers of excellence , and Rahel Bailie 's presentation on why marketing content is n't content marketing .
Below you 'll find video recordings of their presentations along with brief descriptions of some of the key takeaways from each .
We hope you enjoy them !
The Content Center of Excellence In a very practical , straight-forward presentation , Doug Kessler , the co-founder and creative director at Velocity Partners , makes the case for why your company might need a content center of excellence .
Kessler argues that one of the biggest challenges facing today 's companies is that content marketing works really well .
That may sound counterintuitive , but the reason it 's a problem is because it means that everyone is creating content across the entire enterprise .
As content marketing becomes increasingly popular , content marketers are left to navigate through a virtual wild west of new territories .
`` The solution , '' Kessler says , `` is to develop a content center of excellence to help bring best practices and standardization to your company 's content marketing efforts . ''
Drawing from other industries such as finance , IT , and manufacturing , Kessler goes on to outline what an effective content center of excellence should do , what qualities it should have , and what kinds of people and skill sets it needs to operate successfully .
Check out this informative presentation to learn more .
Marketing Content Is Not Content Marketing `` Marketing content and content marketing are opposites , '' says Rahel Bailie , chief knowledge officer at Scroll , in this presentation about the fundamentals of content marketing .
In it , she points out the differences between marketing content ( where you tell people you 're a rockstar ) and content marketing ( where you show them that you 're a rock star ) .
Bailie offers a structured and well-crafted take on the principles of content marketing that covers everything from content development considerations and content strategy through to how to deliver in an omnichannel environment .
This is a useful presentation for anyone looking to get up to speed on some of the practical considerations around content marketing .
Watch for yourself to learn more .
It 's hard to believe that another year has come and gone .
2016 was a great year here at Acrolinx — one that was filled with new releases of our software , a brand refresh , lots of great events , and even more content .
In fact , over the past 12 months , we have published dozens of blog posts as well as reports , case studies , webinars , and more .
Suffice it to say that we 've been staying very busy as we try to keep you infotained .
In case you missed out on all of our great content this year , we 're going to do you a favor and point you to our five most popular pieces .
Of course , we 'd encourage you to go back and look at all of our content , but if you do n't have time , then these pieces are a good place to start .
They were the most talked about , shared , and viewed by your peers , and definitely worth a look .
So , without further ado , here 's the Acrolinx list of our top five pieces of content in 2016 : 5 ) Trump , Hillary , and More !
5 Things We Learned by Scoring the Presidential Candidates ' Content The election may be long over now , but back in March we decided to turn our content analytics engine loose on each of the presidential candidates ' websites .
Our goal was to see who had the best content and to try to deduct what , if any , conclusions could be drawn from that information .
Take a peek to see what we learned .
The results might just surprise you .
Read more .
4 ) 10 Translations That Did n't Quite Turn Out Right When translators do n't hit the mark , it can either lead to big problems or charming mistakes .
In this post , we 've captured examples where the latter was the case .
And while these translation bloopers may be funny , they also point to the importance of having the right translation practices in place .
Read more .
3 ) The ROI of Great Content As content marketers , we all know in our hearts that better content gets better results .
But until we published this report , no one had the proof to back it up .
Get the results of our research report to find out the true value of high-quality content based on its impact on things like conversions , brand trust , and intent to purchase .
Read more .
2 ) 7 Valentine 's Day Fails That Show Why Language Matters So , it turns out that you guys really enjoy a good laugh .
In this post , we brought you examples of Valentine 's messages gone awry .
Admittedly , it was n't the most educational blog post , but it was very popular .
Apparently , sometimes humor trumps love , at least when it involves typos .
So have a laugh and remember to always proofread your content .
Read more .
1 ) What Is Tone of Voice and Why Does It Matter ?
At Acrolinx , we 're very interested in tone of voice .
And it turns out that we 're not the only ones .
We actually wrote this post in 2015 , but it 's gone on to be our most successful post of 2016 , garnering thousands and thousands of views .
If you want to get the 411 on tone of voice , this is the post for you .
Read more .
Thanks for taking the time to check out some of our most popular posts of 2016 .
If you want to stay up to date on all of our content in 2017 and beyond , subscribe to our newsletter and get it delivered to your inbox every other week .
It 's hard to believe that another year has come and gone .
As we say goodbye to 2016 and , more importantly , hello to 2017 , we want to kick start the year by sharing some content marketing resolutions .
Committing yourself to any of them will go a long way toward setting you up for success in the year ahead .
Pay more attention to your tone of voice .
Think of your tone of voice like your wardrobe .
Just as what you wear can be an expression of your personality , the tone you adopt with your content is a reflection of your brand .
While there 's ( technically ) nothing wrong with writing in standard corporate prose , it 's the equivalent of dressing in all beige .
It 's not exactly memorable .
Why not dress things up by becoming more conversational , using humor where appropriate , and developing a style that 's uniquely your own ?
It will help endear you to your readers while also making you stand out from the crowd .
Need help developing your company 's tone of voice ?
Check out our eBook for step-by-step guidance on how to do so .
Start automating .
There are no prizes awarded or kudos to be had ( as far as we know ) for having the most difficult time at content marketing .
The fact is that this stuff is hard enough on its own .
You do n't need to make it any harder by depriving yourself of a little technological help .
Work smarter in 2017 by employing the best software and tools .
Consider things like If This Then That for automating your social sharing , TrackMaven for performance notifications , and Acrolinx to enforce your content guidelines .
Really focus on quality .
Better content gets better results .
We all know that it can lead to better search rankings ( though if you want to learn more about this topic , check out this great post from Neil Patel ) , but it can also lead to greater brand trust , more conversions , and greater intent to purchase .
There are lots of ways to improve the quality of your content , from writing more clearly and concisely , to making sure it provides lots of useful information , to displaying it in a visually engaging way .
Take the time to hone the quality of your content and it will pay big dividends .
Stop getting distracted by the wrong metrics .
We live in a data-driven world where it seems like everything is measurable .
That 's particularly true of marketing in the digital age .
The thing is , a lot of metrics add up to little more than just noise .
Sure it 's gratifying to know that people liked your content or opened one of your emails , but unless those actions eventually result in conversions , how much do they really matter ?
Do n't get stuck in the trap of chasing page views or likes .
Instead , focus on metrics that demonstrate higher levels of engagement .
Those include downloads of gated content , watching a video all the way through , or even leaving a comment .
They 're all indicators of actual interest and enthusiasm , and typically mean that you 're moving the needle .
Get into the habit of recycling .
It 's seems like we 've been told how important recycling is for ages ( and we 're talking about content , not just soda cans ) .
The bad news is that we 're not always very diligent about it .
As a result , we wind up putting huge amounts of effort into creating an eBook or white paper , but then fail to repurpose and repackage it as much as we should to get the most mileage out of all of our effort .
Remember that for every one piece of truly high-impact content that you create , it should be translated into at least five other smaller pieces .
So when you 're creating your next magnum opus , think about how you might repackage it into a SlideShare , infographic , blog series , podcast , guest post , or presentation .
It will make your life a lot easier .
Make your content more useful .
Remember before when we were talking about the importance of content quality ?
Utility is such an important part of creating great content ( here 's why according to marketing guru Jay Baer ) , that we 're calling it out here as its own resolution .
So how can you make your content more useful ?
Include practical advice , step-by-step instructions , worksheets , tips , and other insights and tricks of the trade .
Basically , you want to be as helpful as you can .
You can also make your content more valuable by linking to other resources as well as including visual aids that help to make your point .
Writing in a clear and easy to understand manner that your audience will be able to follow is also essential .
Personalize as much as you can .
Unfortunately , just greeting your audience by name in an email ( or doing any of the equivalents ) does n't really count for much in 2017 .
Your content needs to be personalized to the point where you 're only directing stuff to your audience that aligns with their needs , interests , and stage in the buying cycle .
At a time when content overload is so prevalent , anything less just is n't going to cut through all of the noise .
Take advantage of the new year and use it as an opportunity to recalibrate your content marketing program .
You 're hopefully well-rested after some time off and ready to start 2017 with a fresh outlook .
We humbly submit that by making ( and sticking ) to some simple resolutions like the ones above , you 'll get great results with your content in the year ahead .
Martin Luther King Jr. was a Baptist minister , a civil rights leader , and a source of hope to millions of people .
Whether it was leading the Montgomery bus boycott started by Rosa Parks in 1955 , protesting in Birmingham , Alabama , or marching on Washington to deliver his `` I Have a Dream '' speech , King was a courageous leader who inspired millions of people and changed the course of history .
Today , nearly 50 years on from his death , as we remember Martin Luther King , we can also be inspired by him with our content .
King was , after all , an incredible orator who knew how to use language — like virtually no other — to make a deep and lasting impact .
Let 's look at some lessons that today 's content professionals can draw from the late , great Dr. King .
Patience is an important virtue .
One of the arguably most admirable qualities that MLK demonstrated was his ability to be patient .
He had to wait many years and overcome a lot of obstacles to make progress toward his goals .
If you 're in content , you 'd be well served to try to follow King 's lead .
Patience is just the quality you need to , say , get a content marketing program off the ground , or navigate your way through the challenges of dealing with lots of stakeholders with different points of view .
People who have the fortitude and patience to carry on toward their goals over the long haul are the ones with the greatest chance of actually achieving them .
Bring passion to your work .
While few of us have jobs like MLK , where we 're championing a cause as important as human rights , we 've all got to find a way to bring passion to our work .
It was King 's passion that fueled him to write some of his most memorable content , such as `` The Letter from a Birmingham Jail . ''
Admittedly it can be hard to be passionate about selling widgets if that 's what you do .
But even so , you can bring passion to some aspect of your work , such as creating the best content possible to sell those widgets .
When you do , it will not only make you happier , but also translate into better content that gets results .
Always be persistent .
Martin Luther King never gave up .
He was resolute and steadfast in his beliefs and dedicated his life to advancing them .
Content professionals need to be just as tenacious .
To be successful at content , you 've got to keep at it day in and day out .
It takes a long time to build an audience and to get your message across .
If you 're tempted to call it quits , think back to MLK .
You 've got to forge ahead and keep working toward your goals every day .
Eventually your persistence will pay off .
Never underestimate the power of words .
This is something that Dr. King clearly appreciated .
He chose his words carefully and deliberately , and delivered them flawlessly , which is why many of them have found their way into the fabric of our nation 's consciousness ( cue the aforementioned `` I Have a Dream '' speech ) .
What King 's example shows us so clearly is that the pen really can be mightier than the sword .
However , to have that kind of effect , you need to be patient , passionate , persistent , and , above all else , persuasive .
Appeal to your audience on a personal level and you may find out just how powerful your words can be .
Build a lasting legacy .
In 2018 we 'll commemorate the 50th anniversary of MLK 's death .
And yet even though five decades have passed , we still turn to his words , many of which ring just as true today as they did during his lifetime .
As a content professional , one objective to strive for is to create something so great that it too stands the test of time .
It could be the definitive eBook or report on topic X or the best video or infographic on topic Y .
The point is that if you can create something that endures and that people keep coming back to time and again , it will not only pay huge dividends , you 'll find that it 's incredibly rewarding .
No matter how you choose to celebrate Martin Luther King Day , it 's worth taking a moment to reflect on one of the great men of the 20th century .
While doing so , you might just find some inspiration that you can apply to your work .
Have you ever clicked on a web page only to leave it a second later ?
Shared an article on Twitter without actually having read it ?
How about made up a phony email address when downloading a piece of content so that you would n't wind up on a mailing list ?
Most of us have done things like this at one point or another .
Heck , maybe you even do so all the time .
And , in today 's content-driven world , who could blame you ?
After all , it 's not like we have the time to read everything that 's put in front of us , especially if it is n't relevant .
And it 's not as if there 's any harm in sharing content that you have n't read ( hey , the title looked interesting ) just so that you can be active on social media .
And , let 's be honest , who wants to fill their inbox with even more stuff to read ?
Virtually no one .
While there may be no harm in any of the above , it 's important to be aware of it .
Particularly if you 're a marketer .
That 's because all too often content marketers get hung up on trying to measure their success based on metrics that do n't always mean very much .
My landing page got 5,000 views !
It 's been tweeted 270 times !
There have been 416 downloads of my eBook this week !
And while metrics like those can certainly make you feel good , how meaningful are they really ?
I mean , who cares about any of that stuff if your audience immediately decides that your content is n't worth their time , or blindly shares your content without having actually consumed it , or would rather not sign up for your newsletter thank you very much .
And yet we ascribe all of this value to things like page views , social shares , and downloads .
That 's not necessarily a bad thing , but just remember that they also are n't necessarily true indicators of success .
Metrics That Matter If I want to know whether or not my content is doing its job , there are other metrics that I can rely on .
They 're metrics that show real engagement so that you have ( at least to the extent possible ) a much better idea of whether your audience actively consumed your content or just decided it was n't for them .
These include , but are n't limited to , things like : Average Time on Page .
Are your visitors spending three minutes reading your blog post or three seconds ?
If it 's the former , then you can assume that they actually spent some time reading your content ( yes , perhaps they got up for a quick run to the bathroom instead ; we 'll just never know ) .
If it 's the latter , then you know that their visit was effectively meaningless .
Number of Comments .
While you can mindlessly share content just by clicking on a social sharing button , it takes a much higher level of commitment to leave a comment .
The folks who do are generally the ones who are most interested in and engaged with your content .
If you 're creating content that 's consistently generating lots of comments , that 's a big win .
These are the folks who are most likely to come back to your site time and again , to view you as an industry expert , and to ultimately buy from you .
Number of Backlinks .
A backlink is when another website links to your content .
What better indication of someone really thinking your content is worthwhile than to link to it on their own site ?
Admittedly , backlinks are n't always a good thing .
Sometimes spammers can be behind them , so you do need to be vigilant and monitor who 's linking to your content .
Having said that , high-quality backlinks can be a good proxy for the success of your content .
Number of Legitimate Downloads .
Make no mistake about it : Conversions , including downloads , are a good thing .
But make sure that you 're filtering out all of the bum email addresses that some people tend to use or the ones that are clearly their spam accounts ( yes , I 'm looking at you Hotmail , AOL , and maybe even Yahoo ! ) .
One way to do this is to require a business email address in your download form , dramatically limiting people 's ability to provide anything but their actual work address .
No matter what metrics you choose to measure yourself by , my one piece of advice is this : Make sure that they 're actually meaningful and help to drive your business forward .
Vanity metrics like page views and shares do n't always add up to actual results .
Getting Results Speaking of results , how can you maximize your chances of outperforming on all of the metrics above ?
The easiest way is to focus on the quality of your content .
Make sure that you 're creating interesting , useful content that answers your customers ' questions or meets one of their needs .
Beyond that , pay attention to how you 're writing .
You want to adopt a style that 's engaging , demonstrates a distinct personality , and that people enjoy reading .
If your content is a chore to get through , people are n't going to engage with it .
It 's that simple .
Good luck creating and measuring your content this year !
Content marketing may be all the rage , but in reality it 's even more important to your business than you might think .
That 's because your content is n't just a lead generation tool — though it serves that role too — it 's also a representation of your brand .
It helps shape the way that your customers perceive you and ultimately plays a role in whether or not they decide to do business with you .
So if you 've been thinking about content as just another add-on , think again .
Your content is your brand ambassador and an integral part of attracting and retaining customers .
Let 's look at four reasons why : 1 .
It 's your primary means of communicating with your customers .
In the digital age , it 's almost a certainty that the first contact potential customers will have with your business is through your content .
So whether it 's your website , Facebook page , or blog , the content associated with your company will go a long way toward shaping their first impression .
And we all know how important first impressions can be .
The last thing you want is for consumers to be put off by poorly written , mistake-laden content .
The quality of your content matters , and not just to language geeks like us .
According to a recent survey , 74 percent of respondents said they were conscious of the quality of spelling and grammar on a company 's website .
Of them , 59 percent said that bad grammar and spelling mistakes would prevent them from making a purchase because they would n't trust the company behind it to provide good service .
The message that you 're sending to customers is that if you do n't care enough to get the basics right , then you probably wo n't care about the stuff that really matters , either .
It says who you are .
Your content is the voice of your brand .
Words have impact and are just as memorable as logos or colors , so when you 're writing or publishing anything in relation to your company , product , or service , it needs to reflect who you are as an organization .
For example , if you 're a hip energy drink supplier aimed at the 20 to 30-year-old market , you might want to publish a certain amount of fun content on your Facebook or Twitter pages .
You can get away with things that are n't strictly related to your product , but that will build your audience and attract like-minded customers .
If you 're a realtor , your tone might be more formal .
In fact , you might concentrate on publishing regular articles on the local real estate market , how-to guides for potential landlords or property buyers , and industry news .
The point is that you need to carefully consider both what you 're saying and how you 're saying it because it 's all a reflection of your brand .
The bottom line is that whether your customers like you and connect with you will often inform their decision to buy from you .
Your content has impact .
When it comes down to it , it 's pretty simple .
Bad content can damage your brand while good content can improve it dramatically .
In a recent study into the connection between content quality and brand perception , we found that only 23 percent of people who read very average content formed a positive first impression of a company , compared with 60 percent who read good-quality content .
In other words , by simply improving the quality of your content , you can increase positive brand perceptions by as much as 139 percent .
Not only that , but better content means people buy more .
The same study found that among the people who read the better content , intent to purchase was 104 percent higher than among those who received average content .
So the takeaway is this : Better content equals improved brand perception and ultimately more sales .
You just ca n't argue with that .
Content builds trust in your brand .
By offering valuable content to your customers — content that contains useful information , practical advice , and specialist knowledge — you can build authority and trust .
We 've all done research on the internet before buying something or making a big decision , right ?
So if a consumer comes to your website and finds good quality content , advice , or expertise , and keeps coming back to take advantage of the information you 're giving them for free , you 're more likely to secure them as a loyal customer .
When you help customers make good purchasing decisions and give them useful information , you 're getting them on your side .
It may be that they come across your content way before they 're ready to make a purchase , but they 'll likely remember you when they are .
The Bottom Line Your content and your brand are intrinsically linked .
Every word that you write is a reflection of your brand and can go a long way toward making or breaking your business .
That 's why it 's so important to take the time to focus on creating the best content possible .
That means content that 's well written and provides real value to your audience .
If you do that consistently over time , you 'll be well on your way to building a strong brand .
Commoditization is one of the largest threats facing technical communicators today .
Time-to-market pressure — and corporate cost reduction mandates — make outsourcing technical communication work to lower-cost , offshore shops an attractive option .
Commoditization is natural .
Services become commoditized when buyers see no qualitative difference between those who produce them .
Once something becomes a commodity , companies tend to buy from the least expensive provider .
While commoditization can be good for business , it 's seldom good for the survival of professions adverse to change .
Commoditization is what happens to you when you do n't pay attention to the world around you .
It 's what happens to you when you cling to the past , instead of preparing for the future .
Many technical communication jobs have been commoditized , a trend that is expected to continue .
That 's bad news for technical communicators who believe that their value — the sole reason businesses need them — is their linguistic prowess .
In today 's world , exceptional word-smithing skills are insufficient protection from commoditization .
How Technical Writers Avoid Commoditization One of the best ways to defend against commoditization is to differentiate yourself from the competition .
Differentiation is the process of distinguishing yourself from others .
Differentiation means making yourself — and the value of the products and services you provide — more attractive than those of your competitors .
Differentiation is n't what you do ; it 's how you do it .
To stave off competition from cheaper providers , technical communicators must stop focusing their efforts on performing low-value busy work .
Instead , they must concentrate on creating content intentionally designed to have a positive impact on sales .
Technical Writers Can Learn a Lot From Content Marketers According to the Content Marketing Institute , content marketers are responsible for `` creating and distributing valuable , relevant , and consistently crafted content ; content designed to attract — and acquire — members of a clearly defined audience . ''
The objective of their work is to `` drive profitable customer action '' with the content they produce .
In the end , they receive rewards for delivering prospective customers ( leads ) to the sales team .
Technical writers , on the other hand , prepare instruction manuals , how-to guides , and other supporting content .
The objective of their work is to communicate complex and technical information in a clear , easy-to-understand manner .
They receive rewards for delivering product content on time .
Unlike content marketers , technical writers are producers of a necessary byproduct of product and service design : documentation — an expensive commodity .
Technical writing is a cost center .
Content marketers , however , are seen as sales enablers ; connecting content to prospects to build brand awareness , develop interest , and attract new customers .
Content marketing is a revenue generation center .
Content marketers focus on the business impact of the content they produce , especially its connection to sales .
Creating content that enables sales is a critical differentiator for content marketers .
It protects them from disruption .
No one gets laid off for successfully helping a company sell its products and services .
Connecting the creation of high-quality technical content to the sales process is key to avoiding commoditization .
When technical communicators are intimately involved in creating relevant , valuable , high-performance content , commoditization is unlikely .
Focus Work on High-Value Tasks Connecting technical content to sales involves changing the way technical communicators work .
By focusing on high-value tasks — and finding ways to automate low-value chores — technical communication professionals can optimize their workload and focus on providing value to the organizations they serve .
`` Many writers and editors have become babysitters of content .
They 've become content policemen of sorts .
That 's not a valuable use of their time or our money , '' says Kathleen Pierce of Illumina , a global leader in genomics — an industry at the intersection of biology and technology .
`` Making writers and editors responsible for enforcing grammar , linguistic , style , and branding rules is an ineffective use of limited resources , '' Pierce says .
`` What we need are writers and editors to think strategically about our content .
If they 're busy babysitting content quality , they ca n't focus on adding value to customer experience . ''
To help ensure writers focus on high-value tasks , Illumina adopted the Acrolinx platform .
Acrolinx helps writers ( and editors ) communicate consistently , avoid errors , and maintain the tone of voice desired by the company .
The platform works in the background as writers craft content .
It provides writers with tips and suggestions designed to ensure the content is easy to read , complies with branding , style , and voice guidelines , and adheres to grammatical , punctuation , and other rules .
Writers are held accountable for creating relevant and valuable content , while the busywork of compliance is delegated to the tool , allowing writers to focus on creating exceedingly useful content experiences .
Connect Technical Content to Sales To avoid commoditization , technical writers must find ways to connect technical content to sales .
They must set goals for content performance and determine whether or not the content assets they produce deliver measurable business results .
Connecting technical content to sales involves technical communicators understanding all aspects of the customer journey , not just their traditional post-sales turf .
To differentiate themselves from the competition today , technical communicators must be hyperproductive .
They must be good stewards of their time , work efficiently , effectively , and rely on assistance from software .
They must also understand how customers become aware of a product , how and where they prefer to learn about it , and what content they find most valuable throughout the customer journey .
Technical writers also need to understand what causes prospects to become customers , what factors influence customer loyalty , and how to turn happy customers into volunteer evangelists for the brand .
Companies that value their content as a business asset set measurable business goals for content performance .
Content marketers understand what many technical communicators do n't : The value of their effort is n't the quality of the content itself , it 's the performance of quality content that matters .
When content fails to perform , content marketers adjust their approach and try again .
Technical communicators create content to help customers find the answers they need , when and where they need them , in the language and format they prefer , on the device of their choosing .
However , it 's also the job of the technical communicator to learn lessons about content from others .
Content marketers , training developers , and customer support personnel all have valuable lessons to share .
Interested in what content marketers can learn from technical writers about content ?
Check out my previous post to find out .
Great content is crucial for attracting and retaining customers .
But no matter how good your content is , it 's not going to work if it 's not presented to them at the right time .
That 's because most buyers do n't just wake up one day and decide to buy from you .
Instead , they 're on a journey and will typically pass through various stages as they make their way down the path to purchase .
By tailoring your content to their needs along that journey — both in terms of the types of content you use and the messages you convey — you 'll significantly improve your chances of getting a sale .
While individual buyer journeys will vary greatly from person to person , and are rarely linear , there are general stages that every buyer goes through .
Once you identify what content works better at each stage of the journey , you 'll be better placed to meet their needs and help them progress further and further toward making a purchase .
Let 's look at the type of content that 's best suited to some of the basic stages of any customer journey .
Awareness Your buyers may have a problem and not even know it .
Your job at this stage is to make them aware of that problem and how your product or service can help them solve it .
Content at this stage needs to be educational and informative in nature , but without going into too much depth .
After all , who 's going to read a 15-page report about a topic if they have n't even realized yet why it 's relevant to them ?
Instead , in the awareness stage , focus on creating content that 's relatively short and snappy , while persuasive enough to pique your readers ' interest .
Content in this phase should aim to anticipate specific questions and help people assess their needs : Why is the issue they 're facing a problem ?
And what can they do to solve it ( i.e. , what products and services can you offer to help ) ?
Often , the best types of content at this stage include short , easily consumable assets such as blog posts , infographics , and podcasts .
This content should be easily accessible on your website and optimized for search to maximize discoverability .
Interest Once a buyer has identified a need and is interested in your product or service , you have to give them more information .
Here your content should be a bit more focused on your offering and telling its story .
How was it developed ?
What makes it special ?
What are its features ?
Is it unique in the market ?
At this stage in the journey , you 're going to want to give them more detailed information , without going too far into sales mode .
The aim of your content at this point should be to make sure that prospects understand that you have a great solution to their problem .
Expert webinars , explanatory eBooks , white papers , and reports are often the best way to share that information .
Consideration Someone who 's considering a purchase and has already spent time researching it will have different questions than someone who is earlier on in their journey .
During the consideration phase , it 's time to offer more in-depth content to help buyers make a decision .
You need to help them make exactly the right choice , which means giving them all of the details about your product or service .
For example , if your product comes in a range , your content should explain the different features and benefits of each model , and easily help prospects match their needs to the right one .
How are they going to use it ?
How will each one fulfill its purpose ?
Why should they consider the more advanced , expensive one ?
Which one best fits their needs ?
Anticipating these questions with high-quality content is what 's going to help get you over the line .
While they may already be interested in your product or service , you need to convince them yours is the best brand and demonstrate you are a leader in this industry .
The best content for the consideration stage consists of demonstration videos and how-to guides showing some of the most impressive features .
You can also really get into the nitty-gritty with technical product guides , fact sheets , case studies , and testimonials .
These are all ideal for answering the customer 's questions and giving them everything they need to make their decision .
Post-Purchase Just because you 've made a sale does n't mean that your work can stop .
Depending on what you 're selling , your customer may need help and support to get the most out of it .
Creating useful content that helps maximize their enjoyment of it is key .
Do n't fall into the trap of only creating content aimed at attracting new customers .
Your existing customers are a valuable asset and , by continuing to communicate with them , you can turn a one-off purchaser into a loyal customer .
Here is where you 'll want to have them sign up for your newsletter or register with you , so they can access premium content aimed at users .
How-to guides and video tutorials are also valuable ways to build this audience and give them more advanced information .
You can also reach out to them with expert thought pieces , eBooks , and promotions for add-ons or new products .
Serving up the Right Content at the Right Time By getting the right content to the customer at the right point in their journey , you 're showing you understand their needs and that you 're a brand that they can trust to deliver .
If you take the time to think about what the buyer 's specific journey looks like , and figure out what the best content and messages are to meet their needs at that particular point in time , you 'll find that it 's much easier to shepherd them down the path to purchase .
Winter is upon us and , while your customers might be thinking about log fires and mittens , it 's time for you to defrost your brand and make sure that you 're communicating the right way .
And that means making sure your brand voice is just as unique as a snowflake ( remember , no two snowflakes are alike ) so that your message does n't get lost in a blizzard of competition .
Have you ever heard the phrase it 's not just what you say , but also how you say it ?
It 's so true .
How you communicate with your customers is just as important as what you tell them .
Establishing an individual , recognizable , and appropriate voice for your brand is an essential part of making your business stand out and succeed .
Not only that , your brand voice should be individual and consistent in everything that you do , from your advertising and website to your press releases and social media .
Let 's take a look at some of the reasons why your brand voice needs to be uniquely yours : It Makes You Human These days people expect to connect with brands and companies on a personal level .
With the rise of social media , customers expect that if they interact with a brand on Facebook or Twitter , they 'll get a personal response , and one that lines up with your business 's ethos and personality .
Social media is replacing face-to-face contact , so if your brand is friendly and consistent , your customers will feel that they know you .
If you present as a company that your customers can identify with , bond with , and talk to , then they 'll be more likely to choose you over your competitors .
No one wants to feel like they 're talking to a computer — they want to talk to a real person .
You Get Cut-Through Whether it 's B2C or B2B , one of the things customers hate the most is corporate speak — an unintelligible jumble of words that can mean very little .
If your customers switch off from boredom or ca n't understand your message , then you 've already failed .
Make sure your brand voice sounds like a person is speaking to them .
That means that it 's got to show some personality , be on point , and avoid the kind of jargon that alienates folks .
People want to relate to you , so talk to them like you would to an actual person and cut out all the unnecessary and complicated stuff .
You 'll have much greater success if you do .
It Makes You Stand out From the Competition As a customer , are you going to go with a brand that 's friendly , speaks to you , and shows personality , or a bland , boring one that sounds like everyone else ?
Having a distinctive tone of voice means that people can immediately recognize you and your brand .
Not only that , if they like it , they 'll choose you over your competitors .
Establishing a distinctive brand voice means that no matter whether it 's a newspaper ad , radio spot , Facebook post , or marketing campaign , people will know that your business is behind it .
This builds your brand recognition and gives your customers a sense of familiarity .
They know you and they identify with you , so they 're more likely to give you their business .
You Build Trust and Authority In the absence of a physical presence — using body language , actual voice , gestures , and interactions — your brand 's tone of voice is the most important way that you communicate with people .
It tells the customer who you are as a business , how you work , what your values are , and what they should expect from you .
This builds trust , and we all want to trust the people we do business with , right ?
Through your brand voice , you have the ability to establish a strong foundation for your customers and build your authority .
Not only that , consistency breeds confidence .
So whether your voice is edgy or formal-friendly , it needs to be the same across everything you do .
Imagine a customer 's confusion if they visit your website and your business is posting in a fun , friendly style , only to reach out to you on Twitter and have you respond with a super-formal , impersonal statement .
When you have a consistent voice , your customers begin to trust you and know what to expect .
So whether you have one person or 15 people involved in your marketing , social media , and advertising , your customers will feel they are dealing with one unified brand .
Trust us , that can go a long way toward making or breaking your business .
Developing a unique brand voice is a process , and one where we can help .
Download our free eBook to learn more .
It used to be that you 'd meet a prospective customer face to face .
During the meeting , you 'd study their facial expressions , gestures , and any other physical clues on display to size up whether they were likely to buy from you or not .
These days those kinds of interactions are few and far between , so that 's just not always possible .
That 's because most customers do their research , communicate with your business , and make their purchases online .
And while you may not be able to study your buyers ' face for clues about what they 're about to do next as a result , that does n't mean you ca n't find similar clues somewhere else .
After all , even when they 're behind a computer screen or tablet , they 're still giving off signs that they might be interested in purchasing from you .
Collectively , those signs are referred to as digital body language , which when analyzed correctly , can be one of the most valuable tools you can use to target buyers with effective , useful content to push them through the sales funnel .
Understanding Digital Body Language Whether it 's liking something of yours on social media , subscribing ( or unsubscribing ) to your newsletter , or visiting your website once , never to return , your prospects and customers are leaving a digital trail of information about their intentions .
Fortunately , there are a variety of powerful data analyzing tools that can help you to collect , interpret , and leverage this information .
Reading digital body language can help you pinpoint just how interested people are in your product or service , and where they are in the buyer journey so that you can better tailor your content to meet their needs .
It 's also worth pointing out that unlike physical body language , which can be highly subjective , digital body language is far more objective .
It 's hard data .
Every digital interaction a prospect has with you paints a more detailed picture of who they are as a customer and what they want .
You can even anticipate their need for more information and what kind of information would benefit them the most .
Someone who has been to your website just once or twice ( and is therefore in the awareness stage ) , for example , probably is n't going to be as interested in technical specifications .
They may not even know what they want just yet and are better off with much more general content .
The good news is that the more actions they take online — browsing specific pages , reading your blog , subscribing to newsletters — the better you 'll understand them as a customer .
In fact , the data you collect can even help you to create a personalized content marketing strategy that actually gels with your audience .
Using Digital Body Language to Your Advantage Analyzing which pages people visit most frequently , which newsletters they subscribe to , and if they open them , tells you a lot about what they are genuinely interested in .
The trick is to act on this information by , for example , sending them personalized , relevant , and targeted information based on what you now know they care about .
You might send them recommendations based on previous purchases , alternative products to the ones they 've been browsing , or ones that complement things they 've already bought .
Harnessing each prospect 's degree of interest and the nature of those interests can dramatically increase engagement and conversion , especially when you 're providing them with genuinely valuable content and timing those interactions effectively .
Targeted remarketing emails after a visitor has left your site also offer an opportunity to reconnect when it makes sense .
For example , if buyers put several items in their cart , then leave your site without purchasing them , they 're signaling that they are very interested in your product and had perhaps intended to buy it before something got in their way .
Perhaps it 's worth following up with an email reiterating the strengths of your product and why it 's the best option for them to help get them over the line .
It 's about feeding the prospect the right content at the right time to try to move them forward and anticipating any questions that they might have .
Some Final Thoughts When you target the right message at the right time to the right prospect , you dramatically increase your opportunities for a sale .
Customers love personalized service and intuitive brands that take some of the hard work out of their purchasing experience by anticipating what content they require and making sure it has value .
Collecting , interpreting , and acting on the digital body language of your customers by serving up the best content to meet their needs is a simple , yet powerful , way to increase engagement and boost your business and brand reputation .
Today I 'd like to take some time to talk about two concepts that are very important to us here at Acrolinx : governance and guidance .
Let me explain what we mean by each , and why we think they 're essential for creating high-quality content at scale .
Governance is a pretty straightforward term .
In the world of content creation , it refers to the people , processes , and systems that you have in place to manage how your content actually gets created .
For example , perhaps in your organization every piece of content needs to be peer reviewed by someone else before it can be published .
Or maybe you have a corporate style guide that you 're supposed to adhere to .
There could be any number of other guidelines that you try to enforce , too .
All of those types of procedures , and the corresponding rules they represent , are part of your governance and they 're critical for ensuring quality and consistency .
The challenge with governance is that it can fall short for a variety of reasons .
Writers can choose to ignore your style guidelines .
Or maybe the team of editors you 've hired to review all of your content does n't have the bandwidth to look at everything .
As a result , things can slip through cracks , with your organization potentially publishing or distributing content that just is n't up to scratch .
Even with the best laid plans , this is something that happens all of the time .
So while governance puts all of the rules in place , it ca n't always ensure that they 're followed .
That 's where guidance comes in .
You need a way to actively guide your content creators as they 're writing so that adhering to your standards is n't an afterthought , but rather becomes part of the process .
Bringing Governance and Guidance Together I did n't plan on making this post a sales pitch — and I do n't want it to become one — but I feel like I do need to tell you about how Acrolinx brings governance and guidance together .
Our content optimization platform is fully customizable , giving you the opportunity to change its guidance however you see fit to meet your company 's specific style guidelines .
So , say for example that you want to ensure that your content always adopts a conversational tone , or that your writers always use the Oxford comma .
You can set those preferences ( and thousands of others ) within the platform .
Likewise , you can enter all of your company 's preferred terminology into the system , including things like brand and product names , preferred spellings , and other words and phrases that are unique to your business .
Once all of that information ( i.e. , the governance around how you want your content to be written ) is stored in Acrolinx , we use our sidebar to help your writers implement all of those preferences .
It works right within your favorite content authoring tools , providing real-time feedback as you create and review your content .
For example , beyond simply identifying spelling or grammar mistakes , it will tell you when you 're using the wrong term or when what you 've written does n't align with your company 's brand voice .
Effective Content Creation at Scale It 's this one-two punch of having governance and then being able to enforce it with proper guidance that allows large companies with hundreds or even thousands of writers to create better , more consistent content that 's always on-brand and on-target .
It 's the secret to effective content creation at scale .
That 's because when you 've only got one or the other , things tend to fall down .
If you 've only got governance , people do n't necessarily follow the rules .
If you 've only got guidance , you 're not necessarily all going to be singing from the same hymnal .
By bringing these two concepts together in a user-friendly way , you get better results with your content .
And that , at least in my book , is pretty compelling .
Digital transformation is about using digital technologies to accelerate your business by making it faster , more efficient , and more profitable .
It 's both an opportunity and a major challenge .
Not only that , it 's also mission critical .
In fact , according to one study , 86 percent of decision makers feel that they 've only got two years to make significant inroads in their digital transformation journey or they 'll suffer financially and fall behind their competitors .
Meanwhile , 55 percent say that they 've only got a year .
And while digital transformation applies to virtually all aspects of business — including customer experience and employee engagement , among many others — I 'd like to hone in on just one : content creation .
By now you 've probably figured out that content marketing is n't just some fad .
You 've probably come across some of the research demonstrating its positive effects ( though if not , here 's a great infographic from HubSpot that captures a lot of it ) .
You 've probably read articles about it .
And you 've probably been doing it in one form or another for quite some time .
But how many of you are looking at content from a digital transformation perspective ?
Do n't get me wrong .
I 'm sure that you 're using technology to enable your content marketing ( cue the marketing automation , analytics , content management , and other tools that make up your content marketing technology stack ) , but how about your actual content creation ?
Just as there are technologies that can help you become a faster and more efficient content marketer ( or accountant , or salesperson , or take your pick ) , there are technologies that can make content creation a lot easier .
Let 's look at some examples : Idea Generation The first step in content creation is coming up with an idea .
It 's pretty easy to do when you 're just getting started with a brand new topic .
But if you 've reached blog post number 200 , you might be struggling to come up with fresh ideas .
If that 's you , let me introduce you to ContentIdeator , a great tool from the folks at Content Forrest over in New Zealand .
Simply enter a relevant keyword , and it pumps out suggested titles and ideas for your next piece of content .
If you 're feeling stuck figuring out what to write next , it 's a great way to get some fresh inspiration .
Creating Visual Content Everyone knows how engaging visual content can be .
But not everyone has the skills to create it on their own .
The good news is that there are tons of tools out there that can help you create visual content .
Here are some of my favorites ( and , since this is a section on visual content , I could n't resist adding some visuals ) : Piktochart is a great tool for creating infographics .
Basically it offers you a library of templates that you can choose from to make some pretty impressive looking content .
The free trial is fairly limited , but the paid subscription is worth the investment if you plan on creating lots of infographics and do n't have the design resources to do so .
Meme Generator is a free tool that lets you add captions to images to create memes .
Although that 's not something very hard to do if you 've got some design skills , if you 're like me and do n't , this simple tool can be a real time saver .
It took me all of three seconds to create this meme : Giphy is a free tool that helps you create animated GIFs .
All you do is enter a URL of a video clip from YouTube , then select the part of the video that you want to make up the GIF , and then add a caption .
It could n't be easier .
Giphy also has an extensive library of GIFs that you can borrow from , which is where I got this one : via GIPHY Writing Last but not least , let 's talk about using tools to make writing easier .
There are lots of them out there , but some are definitely better than others .
If you 're an organization creating lots of content , and you want to make it easier to not only ensure that your writing is good , but also consistent , then Acrolinx is the tool for you .
That 's because it makes it possible for lots of writers to not only write better , more lively and engaging content , but also to always adhere to the same standards and style guidelines .
If you 're wondering how it works , our content optimization platform actually reads your content , evaluates it against your company 's personal preferences , and then ensures that every content creator in your organization adheres to those preferences .
The result is better , more consistent content that 's always on brand .
How Will You Take Advantage of Digital Transformation ?
There are many different ways to digitally transform a business .
If you 're a content professional , I hope you 'll consider some of the ideas that I 've outlined above as I can tell you from experience that they lead to faster , more efficient content creation .
And that 's exactly what you need to survive and thrive in today 's increasingly competitive world .
There are plenty of very smart , talented people who , for whatever reason , just are n't very good at writing .
Maybe they struggle to write in a clear and engaging way .
Or maybe they just are n't a stickler when it comes to things like perfect grammar and punctuation .
Fair enough , no one 's good at everything .
The problem , however , is that in the age of content , just about everyone needs to be able to write .
That 's because , at most companies , lots of people are responsible for creating content .
In fact , even when there are dedicated content teams , plenty of other people elsewhere in the organization are churning out content day in and day out .
In some cases , that might be part of a coordinated effort , like when you ask Linda on the product team to contribute a blog post or Mark in sales to provide some copy for a particular web page .
The much more common scenario , however , is that lots of people have to create customer-facing content as part of their day-to-day responsibilities ( sales decks , customer communications , presentations , etc . )
even though they may not be particularly good at it .
And , unless you 've got a very effective process in place to review all of that content with an army of editors , chances are that the content goes out the door as written .
Not surprisingly , mistakes can slip through the cracks .
Sure , everyone knows how to run spelling checker , but it 's not as though that 's going to catch the host of other issues the content might include , such as things like style , tone of voice , company terminology , and more .
And , unfortunately , while issues like these may not seem like a big deal , over time they can in fact cause confusion and , worse yet , erode your brand .
The Quest for Better Content If you worry about things like your brand voice and the quality and consistency of your company 's content ( and you definitely should ) , then you 're really only left with a couple of choices : Hire an army of content professionals .
Although you 'll need an awful lot of writers and editors to do it , in theory , you could manage the creation of all your company 's content or , at the very least , ensure that every piece of content undergoes a rigorous review before it goes out .
The problem with this approach is that it 's expensive and very difficult to scale .
Plus , people will always find a way to subvert the system , pushing content out without the proper reviews and approvals .
While using this line of attack can work at small organizations that do n't produce much content , and therefore do n't need many content creators , it 's just not realistic at the enterprise level .
Turn on better content creation .
Your other option is to find ways to make it easier for everyone to write better .
One way to do so is to use content optimization technology that reviews the content people are writing in whatever content authoring tool they happen to be using .
Such platforms then typically provide immediate guidance on how to bring that content in line with your corporate standards .
Beyond simply checking your grammar and spelling , they look at your use of terminology , how clear and engaging your writing is , your use of tone of voice and style , and more .
By mandating the use of a platform like this , companies can make it easier for anyone to write better content that 's aligned to your organization 's unique corporate preferences .
The fact is that most of us have to do things in life that we 're not always very good at .
For many of your colleagues , writing may be one of them .
If that 's the case , you 'd be wise to figure out what you can do to make the process easier for them .
That wo n't only make them happier and more willing to create the content your organization needs , it will also ensure that the content is of higher quality and aligns to your brand standards .
Quite simply , everyone wins .
To learn more about Acrolinx 's content optimization technology , click here .
Whether you celebrated Presidents ' Day this week or the so-called `` Not My Presidents ' Day , '' we wanted to honor some of the best-known presidents in history in our own unique way .
We want to share with you some of the most amazing content that they have created over the years .
Admittedly , they did n't do it all on their own as lots of other talented people were often involved .
However , that written content often led to important changes to the country and in some cases even the world .
Let 's look at some examples of content - documents , declarations , speeches , and proclamations that helped make the United States what it is today .
The Declaration of Independence On July 4 , 1776 , the Declaration of Independence was adopted by the Second Continental Congress at the Pennsylvania State House in Philadelphia .
It made it known that the 13 American colonies , which were then at war with Great Britain , considered themselves newly independent sovereign states that were no longer under British rule .
It was this content , known as a declaration , that was the basis of a new nation called the United States of America , and future presidents Thomas Jefferson and John Adams were both contributors to it .
The US Constitution Signed by the delegates to the Constitutional Convention in Philadelphia ( including future presidents George Washington and James Madison ) on September 17 , 1787 , the Constitution of the United States is the single most important political document ever created in the country 's history .
It established America 's national government , set forth its fundamental laws , and guaranteed certain basic rights for its citizens .
The Emancipation Proclamation On January 1 , 1863 , Abraham Lincoln issued the Emancipation Proclamation , an executive order that sought to abolish slavery and change the legal status of over three million enslaved people .
Importantly , it also changed the goals of the Civil War .
Although slavery had been a major catalyst for the war , initially Lincoln 's sole object was to maintain the Union .
However , with the Proclamation , freeing the slaves became an explicit objective of his war effort .
The Gettysburg Address In one of the most important speeches of his career , and the history of the nation , on November 19 , 1863 , four months after the conclusion of the Civil War , Abraham Lincoln spoke at the dedication ceremony of the Soldiers National Cemetery in Gettysburg , Pennsylvania .
The two-minute Gettysburg Address , widely known for it 's famous opening — `` Fourscore and seven years ago our fathers brought forth , upon this continent , a new nation , conceived in liberty and dedicated to the proposition that `` all men are created equal . ''
— played a pivotal role in directing the United States in the aftermath of the war .
John F Kennedy 's Inaugural Address When John F. Kennedy was sworn in as the 35th President of the United States , he concluded his inaugural address with the now immortal words `` Ask not what your country can do for you , ask what you can do for your country . ''
Throughout his address on January 21 , 1961 , Kennedy spoke of the need for all Americans to be active citizens .
He also asked the nations of the world to join together to fight what he called the common enemies of man , including tyranny , poverty , disease , and war itself .
His speech is widely believed to be among the best presidential inauguration speeches in American history .
Ronald Reagan 's Tear Down This Wall Speech On June 12 , 1987 , at a ceremony honoring the 750th anniversary of the founding of Berlin , President Ronald Reagan made history .
Standing in West Berlin just 100 meters from the Berlin Wall , Reagan challenged Mikhail Gorbachev , who at the time was the General Secretary of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union , to tear down the Wall .
Two years later , on November 9 , 1989 , East Germany opened the Berlin Wall .
A year later , the two Germanies were reunited under a single democratic government .
This President 's Day week , we hope that you 'll take a moment to appreciate these and the many other significant pieces of content that some of our greatest presidents have contributed to shaping the past , present , and future of this great nation .
A lot goes into developing a brand .
Among other things , there 's coming up with a name for the business , product names , creating a logo and visual language to represent it , building a website , and figuring out the right brand voice .
And that 's before you even think about things like advertising , developing collateral , nurturing online communities , or the legal considerations that are necessary to build and sustain a successful brand .
Even for startups , it 's an expensive and often time-consuming proposition .
At a minimum , it costs many thousands of dollars and huge amounts of time .
And for bigger organizations that are refining and promoting their brand , the costs can be exponentially higher .
Fortunately , when done right , such investments can really pay off .
A strong brand will help differentiate a business .
It can also engender an audience with the kinds of positive sentiments that help enable purchasing decisions .
Just look at the loyal followings that brands such as Apple , Coca-Cola , and Google have built .
And yet in spite of all of the money we spend on brands , and the often immeasurable value they have , most companies do very little to proactively protect their brand .
That 's a big mistake .
Taking Care of Your Brand There are many things you can do to protect your brand .
Let 's just focus on one of them : paying more attention to your content .
A company 's content is one of its biggest brand ambassadors .
It 's the thing that people come into contact with most and increasingly rely on — at least early on — to help them form an impression of that company .
It 's also one of the most challenging things to control .
That 's because long after marketing has created a brand and issued style guidelines , responsibility gets passed on to the employees to accurately reflect the brand in whatever content they create .
Most people never see their company 's style guidelines and are unlikely to actually follow them even if they do .
That 's a problem because every piece of content a company creates is a reflection of its brand .
For example , inconsistencies in support content can lead to operator issues , potentially resulting in catastrophic events .
How Inconsistent Content Wreaks Havoc on Brands Big companies often have hundreds , if not thousands , of different products and corresponding product names .
In fact , there are often more product names than actual products , when you factor in products that have been renamed over time , or rebranded for use in different markets .
Now , imagine the confusion that could ensue if those product names were n't used consistently .
Imagine a website telling you the product is called one thing , an instruction manual calling it something else , and an e-mail referring to it a third way .
That may seem trivial , but it really is n't if you 're a potential customer trying to understand a product .
Likewise , when you call up customer service with a question and the person at the other end does n't know what you 're talking about .
The list of potentially frustrating scenarios goes on and on .
Another common scenario we frequently see is many people writing a company 's content , with little regard to maintaining a consistent style and tone of voice .
As a customer , your first impression of a company might be that it 's hip and cool based on what you 've just read on its website .
But then , you get into its product information , only to discover it 's dull and overly technical .
That kind of disconnect can give you pause , make you question what the company is actually like to do business with , and undermine the positive impression you had only moments ago .
Protect Your Content , Protect Your Brand What 's the silver lining here ?
It 's that protecting the valuable brand you 've put time and effort into creating does n't have to be hard .
With content optimization technology , you can easily manage all of your brand and product names , along with any other terminology your company favors to ensure consistent use .
This technology will also ensure that everyone in your organization is adhering to the same content standards , guidelines , and speaking with the same tone of voice .
Learn practical tips on how to develop your brand voice .
Download our free ebook .
Growth hacking is all about finding innovative , often experimental new ways to grow your business .
One noteworthy example dates back to 2011 , when Spotify partnered with Facebook , making it possible for people to post whatever music they were listening to at the time to their feed .
With that simple bit of added functionality , the then fledgling music streaming service suddenly gained exposure to tens of millions of potential new customers .
We all know how much the company has grown since .
But growth hacking does n't mean that you have to partner with a big player like Facebook .
Adding a really effective pop-up to get more people to sign up for your newsletter or finding a great way to optimize your landing pages to drive up conversions are also great examples .
Fundamentally , it 's about working smarter and finding creative ways to drive growth .
When it comes to your content , there are a number of different growth hacks you might consider .
In this post , however , we 're going to home in on just one : crowdsourcing .
Three Ideas for Crowdsourcing Your Content Crowdsourcing is n't exactly a new concept , but we 'll take a moment to explain it just in case you 're not already engaging with it .
Merriam Webster defines it as `` the practice of obtaining needed services , ideas , or content by soliciting contributions from a large group of people and especially from the online community rather than from traditional employees or suppliers . ''
Basically , it 's about getting a bunch of people to help you do something , whether that 's funding development of a new product ( à la Kickstarter ) or figuring out how to deal with climate change ( as in this example from the MIT Center for Collective Intelligence ) .
Crowdsourcing can be a very effective way of scaling your content marketing as well .
Here are three examples of how to do so : 1 .
Using Comments .
If you want to get your audience involved in helping to create your content , try posting a provocative question on your blog and encourage people to weigh in by leaving comments .
If you can get enough people to participate , the comments effectively become the meat of the post , with you or someone on your team periodically wading into the discussion to thank participants , share feedback , and extending the conversation .
And you never know if some of those comments might be interesting enough to spark other pieces of content .
The trick to making this work is that you 've got to have a topic that lots of people will feel motivated to weigh in on .
It can be helpful to prime the pump by getting some people you know to post a couple of comments early on .
You might also want to tie the post to a relevant event by , for example , starting a post about content quality at our upcoming Content Connections 2017 .
It 's a good way to share the momentum that the event has built to fuel additional participation .
Holding Competitions .
Another tactic for crowdsourcing content is to appeal to people 's competitive nature .
For example , you might announce that you 're looking for people 's best ideas around a particular topic , offering a small prize as motivation .
You could then not only turn the competition itself into a piece of content ( say , a blog post to advertise what you 're doing ) , but also turn the submissions that you receive into an eBook , report , or whatever type of content makes sense .
You could even go on to use the competition as a foot in the door to interview participants so you can create even more content .
Surveys and Polls .
One easy way to get input for your content is to ask your audience questions .
You can do so formally through a survey to a dedicated list or informally through a poll that anyone who visits your website can take .
Then , using the data you collect , you can create reports , infographics , data visualizations , blog posts , and lots of other types of interesting content .
The trick to getting this right is making sure you 're not just reporting back the data you receive , but also providing the much needed context and analysis to make it meaningful to your audience .
If you 're looking for ways to scale your content marketing efforts , crowdsourcing can be an effective tactic .
Like any growth hack , it takes a bit of experimentation ; but once you do it , it can pay serious dividends .
Last year , we took it upon ourselves to evaluate the quality of the presidential candidates ' online content using our linguistic analytics engine .
In the process , we noted that Donald Trump 's content did n't perform particularly well relative to his competitors .
And while he did go on to win the election , what 's interesting is that he and his administration are starting to pay the price for their often sloppy content .
In fact , they 're regularly getting lampooned by everyone from the media , to late night television hosts , to Merriam Webster .
Admittedly , Trump , who 's known for his extensive activity on Twitter , is n't exactly a stickler for correct spelling .
He 's tweeted that he was `` honered '' to serve as the 45th President of the United States ( a mistake that he 's made more than once ) and how he recently `` playef gold '' with Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe .
He 's also tweeted that China 's stealing of an underwater drone in the South China Sea was `` unpresidented , '' an issue that was then corrected .
Here 's just one example of a recent Tweet from the President that 's littered with typos : And it 's not just Trump who 's having trouble .
His Counselor and former campaign manager Kellyanne Conway has been mocked for using the nonsensical concept of `` alternative facts , '' while the White House Press Secretary erroneously referred to the Prime Minister of Canada as Joe Trudeau .
Meanwhile , Education Secretary Betsy DeVos has been criticized for her own carelessness on Twitter , as one follower pointed out by publicly correcting her : Plus , under DeVos 's leadership , the Department of Education misspelled the name of civil rights activist W.E.B .
Du Bois in a Tweet on February 13 .
Thirty minutes later , it issued the following apology after catching its mistake , which , of course , includes one of its own : Even Trump 's official inauguration poster , shown below , features a glaring typo .
All of this begs the question , what 's going on here ?
The answer is carelessness .
It 's easy enough for anyone to make the occasional typo , especially on social platforms like Twitter .
All politics aside , as content geeks , this is n't something we take lightly .
A typo here or a misused word there , is one thing .
But when it 's pervasive , it sends a message that you do n't care about the details or the quality of what you 're doing .
And just as that 's not good for your brand , it 's also not good for a country 's reputation .
In this case , it 's so bad that Merriam Webster has even gone so far as to start trolling President Trump 's Twitter account : https : //www.youtube.com/watch ? v=PInwodzeNzE Where things will go from here is anyone 's guess ; but our suggestion to the President is that he and his administration start using Acrolinx .
Our content optimization platform is an easy way to ensure that all of your content is correct , consistent , and on-brand .
Not only that , you do n't need to be a billionaire , or have the purchasing power of the US government , to afford it .
Content marketing has really taken off over the past few years , with more and more industry verticals embracing its many virtues .
Financial services is no exception .
In fact , according to recent research from the Content Marketing Institute , 78 percent of financial marketers report they are using content marketing .
Whether or not they 're doing it well , however , is another question .
After all , the industry is exceptionally complex .
It 's hard enough simply explaining such difficult topics as credit default swaps , the blockchain , and sovereign wealth funds , let alone doing so in an interesting and engaging way .
And yet the subject matter is probably the least of most financial marketers ' concerns when it comes to creating great content .
That 's because they face a number of other even more daunting challenges .
Take the long-standing organizational silos that are so pervasive at banks and other large financial institutions as an example .
Creating high-quality content that 's consistent and on-brand is incredibly difficult unless you 've got a way to break down those silos , so you can take a unified approach across the entire business .
As if that were n't enough , there 's also the issue of working within a company culture that does n't typically support the idea of creating content that 's friendly and approachable .
And let 's not forget the subject matter experts who are understandably reluctant to take a stand on issues or to offer a definitive point of view .
Given the veritable landmine of regulatory requirements they have to navigate through , who can blame them ?
Despite all these challenges , the good news is that there are financial services companies that are triumphing with their financial content marketing .
To do so , they 're being more thoughtful and purposeful with their content in an effort to ensure it stands out .
Let 's take a look at a few examples .
Bank of America Got questions about money ?
Most people do and find themselves looking for answers .
Bank of America ( in partnership with KHAN Academy ) has tapped into people 's thirst for financial knowledge with its Better Money Habits site .
The site 's mission is to give people straightforward , accessible information about an array of practical topics , ranging from buying a home , to dealing with taxes and personal banking , to saving for retirement .
What 's great about the site is the way it segments visitors , asking you an array of questions about your interests and personal situation to help direct you to the most relevant content .
And that content can take a variety of formats , from blog posts and videos to infographics and interactive polls , among others .
We find the content effective because it 's not only informative and highly focused , but also written in a more casual and approachable way than you 'd typically find from most financial institutions .
ANZ In Australia and New Zealand , ANZ is taking an innovative approach to content with BlueNotes .
Launched in 2014 , it 's a site focused on having high-level discussions about a range of topics including the economy , business and finance , sustainability , and technology and innovation .
All of the content is aimed at customers and other interested parties and is designed to inform , educate , and share insights .
Run by Managing Editor Andrew Cornell ( a former Australian Financial Review journalist ) , the site offers a broad collection of articles and videos and typically publishes two new stories a day .
These often feature in-house subject matter experts , as well as external contributors .
The site has been widely praised in Australia and is resonating with the public too .
In a recent interview , Cornell summarized the secret to the site 's success .
He noted that the keys were to understand your audience and focus on creating quality content that 's compelling and stands out .
We like it because , in addition to being a great source of valuable information , there 's also an element of fun that makes the content more approachable and enjoyable .
Santander https : //www.youtube.com/watch ? v=HJ8x0VE7SCs Spanish Banco Santander SA has taken a different , but no less effective , approach to content .
In recent years , the company has started relying on user generated content .
The video above is one prime example of the bank 's attempt to try to speak to its customers in a more authentic way .
According to a recent article in Marketing Week , this is indicative of a broader trend in financial services marketing .
Banks and other financial institutions are `` going from functional to emotional by showing off their quirky history or their efforts to make the world a slightly better place . ''
What we like about Santander 's approach is the creativity they 're bringing to their content .
It 's not about high-gloss brochures or high-paid actors , but rather humanizing their content with real people .
Content with Purpose To succeed at content marketing in financial services , or any industry for that matter , you need to go well beyond the ordinary .
That means not just creating useful content ( though that 's important too ) , or high-quality content ( though that 's also essential ) .
What you really have to do is find creative ways to get people to engage with your content .
To do so , it 's got to be approachable , conversational , and enjoyable .
When you combine those qualities with great writing and valuable information , it 's a recipe for success .
What do you typically do when you 're thinking about buying something for the first time ?
If it 's a new toaster , a bottle of wine , or something equally inconsequential , you probably just try it out and see what happens .
When it comes to bigger purchases , however , say a new car or enterprise software , people tend to spend a lot more time and energy trying to make informed decisions .
That makes sense .
Unlike a toaster , which is relatively inexpensive and can easily be replaced , cars and enterprise software platforms are big-ticket items that you 're going to live with for a long time .
Buy the wrong thing , and you 'll probably live to regret it .
That 's why people generally pay close attention and research thoroughly when making these types of purchasing decisions .
To help them make informed decisions , they 'll look for advice from friends , family , colleagues , and other peers who might have insights .
They 'll go through rigorous vetting processes ( test drives in the case of cars , product demos in the case of enterprise software ) .
And , perhaps more than anything else , they 'll go online to find as much information as they possibly can to help inform their decisions .
That 's where content comes in .
Content Helps Inform Purchasing Behavior If you have a question , any question , who 's the first person you ask ?
More often than not these days , the answer seems to be Siri , Alexa , Google , or some other variation thereof .
That 's because they are all tools for accessing the Internet — our portal for tapping into vast amounts of information on just about every topic imaginable .
The Internet is full of content : blog posts , articles , videos , company websites , new sites , customer reviews , case studies — you name it .
When you 're interested in learning more about a particular topic , you 'll often look for as much content as you can find about it .
So if I 'm thinking about buying a new car , for example , I might search for photos and videos that show me its interior and exterior design .
I might look for articles that speak to its selling points , such as its gas mileage , safety features , and superior handling .
I might visit online forums where people who have already bought the car collaborate about why they like it or why they do n't .
All of these types of information are going to help paint a picture of whether one car is right for me versus another .
It 's the same if I 'm thinking about buying enterprise software .
Only in that case I might be looking at company websites , watching webinars , reading case studies , and studying detailed product information .
All of that content will help educate me about what I 'm thinking about buying and the pros and cons of buying it from one company versus another .
Understanding Content 's Role To be clear , most people do n't buy things because of a piece of content they 've consumed .
Case studies , webinars , and videos alone are n't what sell products and services .
The products and services themselves have to do that .
But what content does is help people decide whether your products and services are even worth their time considering .
It gives them the facts they need to make informed decisions .
And it helps to ensure that they know what they 're getting so that they do n't wind up with buyer 's remorse .
We do n't buy based on content , but we 're heavily influenced by it .
For that reason alone , it 's important that you make plenty of content available to your target audience .
Content needs to demonstrate what your products and services are like , what you 're like as a business , and why in a world that 's full of options , you 're the best choice for them .
We 've all heard the saying content is king .
No matter if you accept it as gospel or it makes you roll your eyes , there 's no denying content 's growing importance as a business tool .
All around the world , companies are creating content — and lots of it — to attract and retain customers , build their brand , and ultimately forge stronger and more profitable relationships with their target audiences .
And it 's a trend that continues to accelerate .
According to the latest research from the Content Marketing Institute and MarketingProfs , for example , 70 percent of marketers expect their organization to produce more original content in 2017 than it did in 2016 .
And yet , what we have n't seen is a corresponding spike in the number of writers and editors in the world .
And that begs an important question : Who 's actually creating all of this extra content ?
The short answer is just about everyone , and that can have important implications for your business .
Everybody 's a Writer When you look at how companies are creating content these days , there are three common approaches , which often get intertwined and blended together : 1 .
Employing full-time content professionals .
It seems as though just about every company employs at least one person — typically on the marketing team — who has some kind of editorial chops .
That might include content marketers , writers , editors , and communications professionals .
At large corporations , there can be hundreds or even thousands of writers working to support the company .
While that 's all well and good , it can also be concerning .
The issue is that many companies increasingly rely on marketers and communicators to create their content .
Someone who is a content marketer or in corporate or technical communications may not be 100 % comfortable with writing .
Outsourcing to third parties .
Many companies rely on freelance writers , content agencies , and other third parties to ramp up content production .
While it 's often a cost-effective way to scale , and you 're usually benefiting from the help of professional writers in the process , working with third parties also adds complexity .
The challenge becomes adopting your company 's unique style and tone of voice .
Whether it 's using all the correct terminology and adhering to all of the little nuances , your content needs to sound like you .
Sure , you can share your style guidelines and offer feedback and training , but at larger agencies serving many clients , there 's room for potential mistakes .
That means it 's up to someone in-house to review the content and ensure it aligns to all of your standards .
Relying on other non-writers in your organization .
In most organizations , plenty of other people get involved in the process of creating content .
Sales teams create pitches and decks for use with prospects , product teams contribute blog posts and product overviews , HR teams create content to attract and retain talent .
And the list goes on and on .
While it 's wonderful to have so many different people creating content on behalf of the company , this may not be their area of expertise .
You need to ensure their content complies with your company 's style guidelines and preferences .
Having so many different people contributing to your company 's content calls for a better way to manage its quality and consistency .
In a World Where Everybody 's a Writer , You Need Governance and Guidance Now that we 've established that most organizations have lots of people creating content , many of whom are n't actually writers , it 's worth pointing out why that matters .
It matters because , as a result , you can easily wind up with content that 's inconsistent and does n't align with your brand .
Worse yet , you can wind up with content that just is n't well written and therefore detrimental to your brand .
The solution is to find a way to build some guidance and governance into the process as a way of adding checks and balances .
With a content optimization platform , for example , you can consolidate all of your company 's preferences in terms of style , tone of voice , and terminology .
You can then put processes ( or governance ) in place to ensure content creators adhere to those preferences .
You can even offer them guidance so they get the help they need to write in a way that aligns with the standards you 've set for them .
In a world where everyone writes , but very few people are actual writers , it 's a great way to ensure that all of your content is of the highest quality and accurately represents your company and brand .
The debate over quality versus quantity is n't much of a debate at all .
We all know that having good content is more important than having lots of it .
If you need convincing , check out this great webinar from Ann Handley .
The problem is it 's not that simple .
It 's not like you can get by creating one stellar blog post a month and still expect to have any traction .
To be successful at content marketing , you need to be producing a steady flow of content for many months , if not years .
And that 's the dilemma most companies face .
They know that they need more content , but they also know that the content needs to be stellar to stand out .
In fact , according to the Content Marketing Institute and MarketingProfs `` 2017 Benchmarks , Budgets , and Trends — North America '' report : 76 percent of marketers say that they prioritize content quality over quantity .
Plus , 85 percent say that they attribute their organization 's increased overall success to creating higher-quality content .
And yet 70 percent of marketers predict that their organization will produce more original content in 2017 than they did in 2016 .
This dynamic puts content creators in a tough spot .
They 've got to deliver more , while maintaining and improving the quality , often without any additional budget .
In fact , the same report notes that only 39 percent of marketers expect their content budgets to increase over the next 12 months .
So what are companies supposed to do ?
Creating more content while also maintaining , or ideally improving , its quality is a tall order .
It 's possible , it just requires taking a creative approach .
Let 's look at both parts of the problem and some solutions .
Creating More Content To create more content , you either need to work harder or enlist more content creators .
The latter is probably the better option , and the good news is that there are content creators all around who can help .
You can turn to your colleagues across your organization , for example , asking product managers and others to contribute blog posts or new website content .
That 's one easy way to take some of the load off your shoulders .
The key is to remember that not all of the people in your company are going to be good writers .
You may have to do some work to help bring whatever content they create in line with your company standards .
Alternatively , you can look at partnering with third parties , whether they 're agencies or individual freelancers , to help meet your content needs .
The obvious advantage here is that you can get much needed additional manpower from professional writers .
The downside is cost .
Another alternative , and often a smart idea , is to look for ways to repackage , repurpose , and recycle the content you create in lots of different formats .
The advantage of doing this is that you can quickly fill out your editorial calendar with reusable content .
Creating Better Content When it comes to creating high-quality content , you 've got a couple of options .
One is to hire editors and proofreaders who can review every piece of content your company produces to ensure that it 's up to par .
This can be an incredibly effective technique , but it 's also expensive and therefore difficult to scale .
A second option is to look for ways to add automation to the editing and proofreading function .
A content optimization platform like Acrolinx offers companies the ability to ensure that all of the people who are creating content are following the same guidelines .
It ensures that all of the content being created is n't only error free , but that it also has the right tone of voice , is written in a clear and engaging style , and is something your audience will enjoy reading .
And it 's infinitely scalable , meaning you can deploy it to as many people as you need to .
Some Final Thoughts To win the content marketing battle , you 've got to have your cake and eat it too .
You need great content and you need lots of it .
With the right tools and techniques , achieving that is possible .
Just remember to go slow and scale up your operations over time .
Imagine you just bought a new refrigerator .
You 've unpacked it , plugged it in , and put it in place .
Now it 's time to fill it with the contents of your old refrigerator .
But do you automatically put everything from your old fridge into the new one ?
Probably not , right ?
Instead you would likely take a minute to evaluate what you had , so you could decide what to save and what to throw out .
Fresh veggies that you just bought at the grocery store : keep .
Moldy cheese that you did n't even realize you had : toss .
Seems pretty basic , right ?
The funny thing is that when it comes to their content management system ( CMS ) , most people do n't follow this same principle .
Rather than evaluate what they 've got , they simply migrate all of their content when they switch platforms .
That 's not a good strategy because there 's bound to be something rotten in your CMS , if you 've never bothered to clean it out .
Just as you do when food is fuzzy and smells funny , do the same with your content .
If content is outdated , off brand , or uses wrong terminology , either fix it up or dispose of it .
If You Ca n't Measure It , You Ca n't Manage It Content management is about more than just storing documents in a repository or putting workflows and processes around them .
To manage your content effectively , you also need to know what 's working .
And that calls for content measurement .
The reality is that if you ca n't measure something , you ca n't manage it .
When it comes to your content , you want to be able to measure and evaluate an array of metrics , such as : Whether it 's written using the correct tone of voice If it 's using your company 's preferred terminology , spellings , and language Its quality and consistency How easy it is to translate How often it gets updated Depending on what you find out , you may determine that your content either needs to be reworked or removed .
At some companies that we work with , for example , any content that has n't been updated within a certain period of time automatically winds up in the trash .
Practical Applications : Why This Stuff is Important Content measurement sounds well and good , but it 's not like you 're switching content management systems every week , so why should you care ?
It 's important because when you have the right metrics in place , they can help you to understand what 's going on , so you can make better decisions .
Let 's look at some possible scenarios : You want to make sure your brand is accurately represented .
Companies spend lots of money developing their brands and then have few ways of enforcing them .
But if you can measure your content in terms of things like style , tone of voice , and clarity , it becomes a lot easier to identify stuff that 's missing the mark , so you can fix it up and bring it in line with your standards .
You 've got a big translation project to work on .
Effective , efficient translation hinges on the quality of your source content .
By knowing how clearly written your content is , you can have a measure of confidence in terms of how easy or hard it will be to translate .
Making a few edits to the source content could make a big difference when it comes to the time and money it takes to complete your translations .
You want to stay out of trouble .
In industries like financial services , you 've got to include very specific disclaimer language in much of your content .
If that language is used inaccurately anywhere , it can expose you to serious risks .
That 's not so hard to do if you 're dealing with just a handful of documents , but imagine having tens or even hundreds of thousands of them to monitor .
Being able to automatically evaluate whether or not your content is compliant with the appropriate regulations is critical .
You 're reorganizing .
Reorganizing your business ?
If yes , and you need to make changes on your content team , would n't it be helpful to have the metrics at hand ?
If you are scaling down on resources , Acrolinx can help avoid downtime in your content operations .
If you are adding new resources to your teams , Acrolinx can help ensure your new users are onboard in no time .
Armed with that information , you 'll be better equipped to allocate your resources appropriately .
Content Measurement Matters It 's incredibly difficult to manage anything that you do n't understand .
And to understand something , you need data about it .
With the right content optimization technology , you can analyze all of your company 's content to gain insights that will help you drive important management decisions .
Not only will that make your life easier , it will also help ensure that you do n't wind up with a bunch of rotten tomatoes .
April 1 is upon us .
And , while it might be a fun day to play pranks on other people , no one wants to look like an April Fool when it comes to business .
In the world of content marketing , there are plenty of common mistakes that wo n't only make you look foolish , they might also compromise your objectives .
Let 's look at six content marketing mistakes to avoid , so the joke 's not on you .
Not having a documented strategy If you do n't know where you 're going , how are you ever going to get there ?
First and foremost , you need a documented content marketing strategy .
If you want your content to have maximum impact , you must understand the audience that it 's intended for , what you 're creating and why , and your overall objectives .
Knowing the who , what , when , where , and why before you start writing will help you shape and hone your content for better results .
Not paying attention to the consistency of your writing Having a well-defined , consistent , and engaging brand voice is one of the keys to building brand trust , recognition , and authority .
Whether you have one person creating content or 500 , your brand 's tone of voice needs to be consistent across everything .
If it varies in tone and style , customers ' confidence will be undermined .
Your audience will wonder just what your brand stands for , and if they can trust it .
Not posting regularly Content marketing does n't just rely on providing interesting , informative content .
To be truly effective , you need to provide content regularly .
A brand that only posts content erratically , or appears to have lost interest in creating it at all , is n't going to build the same authority of one that can be relied on to offer new and insightful content on a regular basis .
If consumers like your content , they will come back to read more of it .
That 's provided , of course , that there 's more to read .
Remember , content marketing is a marathon , not a sprint .
It works because content marketers are in it for the long haul .
To ensure you 're on top of it , create a publishing schedule as part of the planning process , or consider scheduling content to be posted automatically .
Being too sales-like Content marketing is about subtlety .
It 's about providing prospects with information that has value and gives them confidence in your brand that will convert them into loyal customers .
If your content screams `` we 're trying to sell to you , '' your audience will figure that out pretty quickly and switch off .
Content marketing efforts aim to identify and understand consumers ' issues or problems and suggest ways to overcome them .
Its role is to be helpful and authoritative , while allowing you to connect with customers .
So focus on informing rather than pushing or promoting .
Missing clear calls to action The overall purpose of content marketing as a strategy is , of course , to transform readers into loyal customers .
However , each piece of content still has its own individual goal .
What do you want your audience to do after reading it ?
Do you want them to sign up for a newsletter , make a comment , share it , or read similar articles ?
If you do n't have a call to action directing readers to take action , then chances are they wo n't do anything .
And , you 've missed an opportunity to engage them further .
Not measuring the impact of your content It 's all well and good to create dazzling content , but unless people are engaging with it , there 's no sense in sharing .
To understand the type of content your audience connects with best , you need to monitor it and track how effective it is in generating traffic and producing conversions .
Then , you can tailor and refine what you 're producing to try to maximize the impact .
If you 're not paying attention to metrics and making course corrections based on insights gleaned from them , then you 're just guessing .
And that 's an approach that rarely works .
Do n't Be a Fool These all might sound like obvious bits of advice , but it 's easy to overlook them or just get them plain wrong .
By identifying and avoiding these content marketing mistakes , your content will have far greater impact , you 'll save precious time and effort , and you 'll have happier clients .
That 's a win for everyone and will help ensure that you 're never playing the part of the fool .
Writer 's block .
It 's happened at one point or another to every person who crafts words for a living .
You 're sitting at your desk , looking at the screen , willing the words to come .
A deadline looms and you 've got a lot of work to get done .
But instead of the words flowing , you just ca n't get started .
And the more you try to force it , the harder it becomes .
Writer 's block is n't a physical block , although it might seem like one .
Many psychologists and writers agree that when you 're unable to write it 's often the result of fear and doubt .
When these feelings arise , it can be difficult or even impossible to get any words down on the page .
While what works for one person to overcome writer 's block may not work for another , there are a range of techniques you can use to break through the barrier .
Here are some options to consider : Take a break Sometimes , there 's no better cure for writer 's block than simply walking away from what you are working on for a while .
Step away from the computer and spend some time doing something completely different .
What you want to do is get your brain out of the paralysis loop .
Exercising the creative part of your brain by doing something different is a great way to achieve this .
Even if you 're on a deadline , just giving yourself a short pause can work wonders .
So spend 15 minutes doodling or daydreaming , go for a walk , reorganize your desk , or find some other creative project to work on for a while .
Then jump back into writing and see what a difference taking a short break has made .
Brainstorm with someone If you 're struggling with what you 're trying to say or how you 're trying to say it , ask for help .
Brainstorm with a colleague or friend .
Getting a fresh point of view or simply talking things through can be an invaluable way of getting back on track .
Try a new technique If you 're struggling to express themes , arguments , and ideas , you might want to go back to the basics .
Write a thorough outline so that all you have to do is , in effect , fill in the blanks .
A good way to make it even easier is to break it down into statements such as `` Twitter is useful for content marketers because ________ '' and fill in the blanks .
It might be a bit like being back at school but it works .
Work in sprints Often , breaking things down into smaller , more manageable tasks can stimulate motivation and help you achieve more .
Instead of trying to write a long piece all in one go , try writing in short sprints .
Time yourself and limit your writing time to 20 minutes or half an hour .
It 's amazing what you can get done in a short space of time , when you are n't overwhelmed by a big project .
Just write and do n't look back Some writers swear by this .
You sit down and write and write and do n't edit as you go .
If you want to silence the self-criticism in your head , do n't try and second-guess every sentence as you go .
Do n't worry about correcting grammar or spelling or mulling over the structure .
Just write .
The important thing is to get words down .
They might not all be great to start , but as you get into the flow they will improve .
You 'll get a sense of achievement , and it 's often much easier to edit what is there than to start creating from scratch .
The important thing to remember is that writer 's block happens to all writers , so do n't panic .
The trick is to accept that it happens and to then concentrate on finding a personalized technique to overcome it .
Your writing will thank you for it !
Did you know that more than 6.5 billion Internet searches are conducted every single day on sites like Google , Yahoo ! , and Bing ?
That 's the equivalent of over 76,000 searches per second .
We all know that search engines are how people typically find content online .
What you might not be aware of is that Acrolinx can help you improve your chances of ranking well on them .
It does so in two main ways , which I 'll explain below .
Findability In order for your content to get discovered , it needs to contain the right keywords ( the words or phrases that people type into a search box ) in the right places .
Our new findability feature looks for any keywords in the content you 're writing .
It then tells you the : Keyword frequency : A measure of the importance of the keyword in relation to the size of the document .
It 's expressed as a score out of 100 .
Count : The number of times the keyword appears in your content .
Prominence : A score out of 100 that reflects the prominent placement of keywords in your content , such as in headers and opening paragraphs .
You can then sort the keywords in your content by any of these dimensions , adding those that you want your content to target to a special list .
You can also manually rank the keywords you 've selected in any order you prefer , adding in any additional keywords you would like to target by hand .
Once you 've done so , the next time you check your content , Acrolinx will give warnings if your rankings do n't match how you 've used the keywords in your document .
One interesting point about findability is the inherent conflict that exists between it and using terminology .
That 's because terminology is all about having a single , consistent way of saying things ; whereas with findability , you want to use all of the different ways that people look for things to help them discover your content .
This is an important issue to be aware of and one you 'll need to consider carefully when creating your content .
Clarity Another thing that Google and other search engines value is the clarity of your content .
That means writing so your content is easy to understand by avoiding , for example , excessively long sentences and paragraphs that can be difficult to follow .
Acrolinx helps by giving you an overall Clarity score , so you can see how clear your content is and also what steps you need to take to make your content easier for your audience to understand .
Getting Found Although there are many factors that go into determining what content search engines rank highest , your use of keywords and the clarity of your content are among some of the most important .
So , the next time you 're using Acrolinx , remember that it 's a really powerful tool that wo n't only help you create high-quality content , but also content that 's more likely to get discovered .
In today 's highly competitive , content-driven world , that could n't be more important .
If you 're responsible for creating help or training content , content clarity is key .
You know you 're trying to achieve something very specific with your writing : You want to make it as easy as possible for your readers to understand and recall the information .
The idea is that they should then be able to apply what they 've learned to any number of tasks .
Sounds easy enough , but it does n't always work that way .
After all , who has n't come across a manual or a set of directions like the one below ?
Not only is it convoluted and full of jargon , the relatively easy task it describes becomes confusing and difficult to perform .
Am I Being Clear ?
Clarity is important for any content you create , especially when it 's designed to help or educate an audience .
It 's critical that both you and your audience understand the content you 've written .
To help with content clarity , keep the following tips in mind : 1 .
Always explain any terminology you use that is n't common knowledge .
Also , if there 's a way to communicate the same idea without using jargon , that 's probably the better way to go .
Remember , the goal is to make your content as easy to understand and retain as possible .
If you 're using acronyms , make sure that you always spell them out on first reference .
This will benefit anyone who 's not familiar with them .
Streamline your writing by using simpler words and shorter sentences and paragraphs .
To do so , you 'll have to edit your content diligently , removing all of the excess verbiage that you do n't actually need .
Make the content easy to scan by using headings and bulleted lists .
This will help direct readers to key points and break up the monotony of long passages of text .
For longer documents , consider also including a table of contents to give readers an overview of the content in a single glance .
Write in an active voice .
Assigning an actor to every action will help make your writing much clearer by eliminating ambiguity and clearly designating who is performing each activity .
By following tips like these , you 'll be able to write help and training content that 's easier for people to understand and learn from .
As with any kind of writing , it 's a skill you can develop over time with a lot of practice .
A content optimization platform like Acrolinx can also help by reading your content and analyzing it across a variety of dimensions , including clarity .
It can then offer you practical guidance , so you can make your content clearer and easier to read .
If content clarity matters to you , it 's definitely something worth considering .
Spring has sprung and it 's time to get rid of the clutter — and not just around the house , but in your writing too .
Eliminating unnecessary , clunky words and phrases will help you produce better content that 's more clean , clear , and concise .
That 's important because you do n't want to obscure your message with complicated , excessively wordy copy , which is both ineffective and can turn readers off .
To help you avoid that fate , we 've put together some tips to keep in mind when you 're writing and editing .
Outline your content .
Drafting an outline of what you 're going to write before you start writing will help you organize your ideas and prevent you from going off on a tangent .
Give each section a heading and a brief description , and then all you 'll have to do is fill in the blanks .
With a very clear picture of what you 're going to write , you wo n't be tempted to stray from the plan .
Cut out the jargon .
Readers hate jargon .
It can confuse and alienate them .
If you think it will make you sound smarter , just remember that there 's no point to it if no one reads your content .
Replace technical terms , industry buzzwords , and unfamiliar words with words that are simpler and easier to understand .
It 's not about dumbing your content down , it 's about making yourself understood .
Keep it simple and to the point .
Successful content is straightforward , easy to comprehend , and succinct .
Do n't try to communicate too many ideas at once , or wander too much before you make the necessary points .
If you take too long to identify the main thrust of what you 're writing , readers will turn away , thinking they 're not going to find the information they want .
Stick to dividing up your copy , starting with an introduction ( your thesis statement ) .
Then follow that with examples or evidence , and finally , wrap things up with a summary or conclusion .
It 's probably the format you learned in school , and while simple , it 's also effective .
Cut long sentences in two .
Long sentences that contain several ideas can fail to convey important information .
That 's because the reader has to absorb them all at once without a break , which is easier said than done .
Often breaking up sentences is as simple as putting a period where you naturally pause .
Not sure where to start ?
If you 've got a comma-heavy sentence ( and it 's not a list ) , you 've probably just found a great candidate .
Remove excessive verbiage .
The word verbiage comes from the Middle French verbier , meaning `` to chatter . ''
It just means you 've got a lot of unnecessary and complicated words that do n't mean much .
So get the garden shears out and start trimming .
Do you really need every word ?
If not , then cut out the fluff .
Use contractions .
Contractions make your writing much friendlier and more personable .
When you use them , you 're also saving space and dropping the sort of formality that can put readers off .
Remove extra punctuation .
When it 's used correctly , punctuation can add depth and subtlety to your content .
It can also give it a natural rhythm , so it 's easy to read .
But if your writing is littered with colons , semicolons , ellipses , and brackets , it wo n't flow well .
Again , this is a good opportunity to see if the sentences would work better if they were broken up .
Use the active voice .
Using the passive voice in your content is n't necessarily wrong , but it lacks the persuasive power of the active voice .
You want to get your ideas across strongly , clearly , and concisely , not in a wishy-washy way .
The active voice ( `` the Acrolinx Team wrote this post '' not `` this post was written by the Acrolinx team '' ) will get your point across more directly , so use it when you can .
Avoid redundancies .
When you 're in the middle of writing content , it can be easy to repeat a word or an idea without realizing it .
Check if you 're using the same word twice in a sentence or rephrasing the same idea further down the page .
Reading your copy out loud will help identify repetitions and eliminate redundancies .
If you 've already said it once , you probably do n't need to say it again .
Have someone else proofread .
When you 're editing your own work , you often read what you expect to see , not what 's actually there .
It 's very easy to miss typos and grammar mistakes , so do n't be afraid to ask someone to be a second set of eyes .
They might find things you 've missed , and provide valuable suggestions to tighten up your copy .
Better yet , get Acrolinx to do the job for you .
Start tidying up your content .
Creating great content is about crafting words carefully and then editing aggressively .
Sometimes you might have to be ruthless with the red pen , but if you take these tips on board and cut out what 's not needed , your readers will thank you in the end .
While content marketing can be a highly successful strategy for any business , it also tends to be time-consuming and labor-intensive .
That 's because content marketers often have to contend with an array of challenges , not the least of which includes having limited time and resources to create the kinds of high-quality content that gets results .
The good news is that there are a few easy ways you can cut your costs and improve efficiency to maximize the impact of your content marketing efforts .
Let 's look at some examples : 1 .
Getting more people on board .
If you 're flying solo or only have a small content team , you 're probably under pressure to produce a lot of original , high-quality content .
Instead of hiring more writers — which may not be in the budget — why not engage with other members of your organization ?
By inviting internal staff to periodically help with content creation , you 're tapping into a valuable resource full of knowledge and expertise .
After all , who knows your products , customers , and industry better than the people in your own business ?
Reach out and ask subject experts what knowledge they want to share .
They can either send you raw content to shape and edit , or you can send them guidelines and a template to follow .
While what you get may not be perfect , it 's often a lot easier to fix up someone else 's work than to create something original from scratch .
Crowdsource content from your audience .
Since regularly coming up with creative content can be difficult , it 's worth exploring other options such as crowdsourcing .
By tapping into your online community for content , you can boost your marketing efforts , while also getting some fresh perspective .
You can crowdsource by soliciting comments or feedback to your existing content and using that as the raw material for something new .
You can also ask your audience to submit photos of them using your product or service , which you can then turn into something else , such as posts to your Instagram feed .
Or , you can conduct a survey and turn the resulting data into a report .
As with in-house content creation , there 's a certain amount of moderation , editing , and feedback required , but the rewards for engaging the right people to contribute to your content efforts make it very worthwhile .
Use templates .
It might sound simple , but creating templates for content creation can save a lot of time .
Whether it 's for a checklist , a blog , or an eBook , making sure that everyone — writers , editors , and designers — all know exactly what 's required of them , so you can keep things efficient .
Guidelines are especially useful for subject matter experts within the organization who are n't writers .
By giving them a framework for creating content , you can reduce the amount of time required for editing and post-production work , while also ensuring that the end product is more professional .
Employ the right technology .
Investing in the right technology is one of the best ways to increase efficiency in content marketing .
There are tools to help every aspect of your operations and tech that can make life a lot easier and your content more effective .
Website analytics tools like Parse.ly can track the performance of specific writers and topics and help you capitalize on current trends .
Social media management tools like Sprout Social and Spredfast enable multiple users to schedule , publish , and analyze social media posts across several platforms .
When it comes to content creation , Acrolinx makes it possible for anyone to create great content , at scale , that 's consistent and on-target .
Acrolinx reads your content , scores it , and guides you to make it better .
Whether you 're an expert content marketer or you 're working with a subject expert , the goal of creating the best content possible is the same , so a bit of investment in tech can reap big rewards .
Repurpose old content .
Repurposing existing content and presenting it in a new way is an easy and cost-effective method for expanding your reach .
This could be summarizing an eBook , creating graphics from reports , or taking elements from a webinar and turning them into a blog post or article .
Once you have a library of content , you have a lot of material to work with .
Some readers may have missed a blog you posted , others perhaps do n't like listening to webinars .
By reusing original content and presenting it in a different way , you 're making each piece of content work harder for you and squeezing every drop of value from it .
No matter if you 're a best-selling novelist , a business writer , or a content marketer , the art and craft of writing is a unique experience for all wordsmiths .
Whether you struggle to find the right words , have to overcome writer 's block , or are lucky enough to be able to bask in the sheer pleasure of producing something great , writing will take you through a roller coaster ride of emotions .
Many famous writers have captured those emotions , some of which we 've noted below to help inspire and motivate you with your important work .
On why we write `` You do n't write because you want to say something , you write because you have something to say . ''
– F. Scott Fitzgerald .
`` It 's the most satisfying occupation man has discovered yet , because you never can quite do it as well as you want to , so there 's always something to wake up tomorrow morning to do . ''
– William Faulkner On how to write `` This is how you do it : you sit down at the keyboard and you put one word after another until it 's done .
It 's that easy , and that hard . ''
– Neil Gaiman `` Writing is easy .
All you have to do is cross out the wrong words . ''
– Mark Twain `` You ca n't wait for inspiration ; you have to go after it with a club . ''
– Jack London `` Instead of following the guidelines without regard for whether they 're making our writing effective or not , we often need to question the guidelines .
To write with style , we need at times to break the guidelines . ''
– Donna Gorrell `` If you want to be a writer , you must do two things above all others : read a lot and write a lot . ''
– Stephen King `` Ideas are like rabbits .
You get a couple and learn how to handle them , and pretty soon you have a dozen . ''
– John Steinbeck `` The secret of it all is to write in the gush , the throb , the flood of the moment — to put things down without deliberation — without worrying about their style — without waiting for a fit time or place .
I always worked that way .
I took the first scrap of paper , the first doorstep , the first desk , and wrote — wrote , wrote… By writing at the instant , the very heartbeat of life is caught . ''
– Walt Whitman On the struggles of writing `` Writing is hard for every last one of us… Coal mining is harder .
Do you think miners stand around all day talking about how hard it is to mine for coal ?
They do not .
They simply dig . ''
– Cheryl Strayed `` If I waited for perfection… I would never write a word . ''
– Margaret Atwood `` The scariest moment is always just before you start . ''
– Stephen King `` By using stale metaphors , similes , and idioms , you save much mental effort , at the cost of leaving your meaning vague , not only for your reader but for yourself . ''
– George Orwell On the pleasures of writing `` For your born writer , nothing is so healing as the realization that he has come upon the right word . ''
—Catherine Drinker Bowen `` Writing is the only thing that , when I do it , I do n't feel I should be doing something else . ''
– Gloria Steinem .
`` Tomorrow may be hell , but today was a good writing day , and on the good writing days nothing else matters . ''
– Neil Gaiman `` You can make anything by writing . ''
– CS Lewis `` I write because I love writing .
I think I became a writer in order to explore my ideas and responses to the world around me , which I often found it difficult to share with others .
Also I liked my autonomy , and a writer can choose his or her own working hours – midnight to dawn or whenever .
The difficulty of becoming a writer never bothered me .
I knew it was going to work for me sooner or later .
And if you 're a writer you do n't have to retire but can keep on doing the thing you love till you drop off the chair . ''
– Alex Miller Sometimes writing can be frustrating .
And occasionally it 's overwhelming .
But most of the time , as these well-known writers know , it can be utterly fulfilling and rewarding .
Writing for a living and seeing the impact of your content is important and worthwhile work .
Content marketing is n't just about great writing .
Sure , writing is important , but a successful content marketing professional also needs to have a suite of other skills to get results .
In fact , the best content marketers do n't just create great content .
They are also organized , strategic thinkers who use all the right tools and data to get results .
Of course finding a content marketer who has all the skills you 're looking for is a bit like looking for a unicorn .
While many content marketers may have a diverse array of relevant skills , they more often tend to specialize in one area .
We 've captured some of the most common areas below and invite you to decide which content marketing spirit animal resonates most with you .
The Wordsmith Woodpecker Great content marketing starts with great content .
If you 're a wordsmith woodpecker , you know your craft and enjoy creating engaging content for a wide range of purposes , channels , and audiences .
You excel at writing everything from compelling headlines and tweets to meaty long-form content , such as eBooks , whitepapers , and reports .
You have a way with words and are very good at telling a story that persuades your audience and keeps their attention .
If you 're a wordsmith woodpecker , you also understand your brand 's tone of voice and are a stickler for grammar and spelling .
And that 's a good thing .
Particularly when you consider that 59 percent of people wo n't buy from a company that has bad grammar and careless spelling .
If you 're a wordsmith woodpecker , you 're an essential content marketing catch .
The Organized Otter If you 're an organized otter , you value processes and have a consistent way of doing things .
That 's important because content marketing is often a complex job .
If you 're not organized , it does n't take long for things to go wrong .
Organized otters love deadlines and taking a systematic approach to ensure that nothing keeps their well-oiled machine from running at peak performance .
To do so , you probably maintain a comprehensive editorial calendar to keep track of when your blog posts and eBooks need to be published , your newsletters and emails written and sent out , and even when to check your content 's performance .
It 's this attention to detail that makes you such a valuable part of the team .
It means that you keep everything , and everyone , running as planned .
The Data-Driven Dolphin Metrics are what get data-driven dolphins excited .
If this is you , then you love analytics , data , numbers , and measurement .
You 're a whiz at using metrics to measure the success of your content marketing program , and to figure out how to get even better results .
You 're also really good at creating data-driven content , such as infographics and data visualizations .
Since you 're not afraid of numbers , you 're able to make content that 's really convincing and credible .
As a data-driven dolphin , you love spending your time playing with analytics and A/B testing tools , and helping to demystify them for others .
That talent , in particular , makes you a team linchpin that everyone turns to for insights and help .
The Social Media Squirrel The social media squirrel revels in social networks and channels .
If this is you , then you probably have a deep understanding of all the different channels available .
You also know how to use them to amplify and promote your content among different audiences .
What makes you particularly useful is that you know how to build , grow , and nurture online communities , and to use them to your advantage .
You 're the first to find and discover how to use new channels or applications , and you 're always up-to-the-minute with news and developments .
Creative , media savvy , and excellent at forming beneficial relationships with key influencers , you 're going places because you always have your eyes on the prize .
Strategic Starfish The strategic starfish sees the big picture and knows that for any content marketing efforts to bear fruit , there needs to be a plan .
If this is you , then you 're integral to developing a content marketing strategy , and aligning content with your organization 's overall business objectives .
You 're also an excellent project manager and expert at maximizing resources to get the biggest impact .
Not only that , you 're able to clearly define and communicate goals and outcomes to the team .
You 're also skilled at presenting content marketing 's business value to other parts of the business .
With the ability to think , plan , and get things done , you have the potential to be a content marketing superstar .
The Bottom Line No matter your area of expertise , it 's important to hone your craft and do everything you can to add value to your team .
So whether you 're a starfish or an otter , a dolphin or a woodpecker , always strive to be the best content marketer you can be .
Content optimization for search is the best way to make your content easy to find online and to consistently outrank your competitors .
While Search Engine Optimization ( SEO ) is a complex and ever-evolving science , there are some basic tactics you can use to help with content optimization .
Before we get into those tactics , let 's first learn a bit more about search .
How search engines rank web pages Whenever you type in a search query , Google ( or whatever search engine you use ) looks for authoritative pages that contain high-quality , relevant information .
There are many ways that Google does this .
An algorithm determines the relevance of a page by crawling ( reading ) your website 's content and determining if it matches the search query .
It looks for keywords , phrases , and other ranking signals , such as the amount of unique content , the click-through rate , website speed , and backlinks from other sites .
This is how the best , most relevant sites and pages organically make their way to the top .
Keyword research The first thing to do when you 're creating content for search is your keyword research .
This will help you identify what your customers are searching for , what words or phrases they use , and what they use to find your competitors .
Here 's where the Google Adwords Keyword Planner tool comes in .
Once you have a list of keywords , you can figure out how many people search for them in a particular month and their competition .
You can check how a keyword might perform , create lists , and search for ideas .
The SEO tool Moz Pro is also worth consulting .
It can identify your competitors ' keywords , predict the search volumes a keyword will receive , and help you build and prioritize keyword lists .
Once you have all the metrics for a keyword , and have identified its value , you can begin to use that keyword in your content .
If you use it effectively , your content will show up closer to the first page of results in a Google search , rather than the 100th .
Using keywords You 've got your keywords , but now what ?
Your keywords or phrases need to be strategically placed in several important areas .
These include : the title the first sentence at least one heading within your content the page 's URL and meta description You 'll also want to pepper your keywords in the body of your content .
But be careful .
You want to use them in a way that seems natural , rather than simply trying to stuff them in awkwardly .
That 's because Google will penalize you for keyword-stuffing .
It 's important to note that when Google indexes your website , it not only detects the keywords you 've used , but also how you 've used them .
If you read your content out loud and it sounds clunky and repetitive , you 've probably used too many keywords .
Remember , your main aim is still to produce great content to engage your audience .
Good content is king There 's no substitute for great content .
Google assesses its value based on an array of criteria , including originality , quality , views and shares , and usefulness .
Quite simply , good , informative content that audiences engage with will increase your page 's `` authority . ''
Google knows which pages are authentic .
They 're the ones it favors in its rankings .
While SEO is undoubtedly a complex undertaking , there are some simple guidelines that will help you get the best out of your content .
Several great online tools can also make the task of content optimization easier .
By just adopting these practices , your rankings will improve , and you 'll be able to reach more people , more often .
By the way , did you know that Acrolinx can help you with keyword placement ?
It can also check your documents for assigned keywords , discover new keywords , and analyze SEO performance , making it easy to optimize your content .
You might want to check it out .
Forget Candy Crush , Monopoly , and Solitaire .
If you 're a writer , a content marketer , or just a content geek like me , then you probably know that word games are a great pastime .
Not only are they a lot of fun , but they 're also a way to keep your mind sharp and learn some new vocabulary .
In this post , I 'm sharing six of my favorite word games .
While some of them are classics that you may already know , I bet there are a few on my list that are new for you .
Word Whomp Word Whomp is a mobile app that you can download for free .
It challenges you to `` whomp '' cute gophers , while also racing against the clock to create as many words as you can from a set of six letters .
As you come up with new words , the gophers start digging up veggies and bonuses .
Find the elusive carrot to enter the bonus round and score big .
Admittedly , it sounds pretty corny .
But it 's a surprisingly addictive little game that keeps you on your toes .
Scrabble Surely everyone knows and has played Scrabble at one point or another .
I like it because it challenges you to create words from a series of letters .
And , to do so well , you often need to be pretty clever and have a substantial vocabulary at your disposal .
It 's certainly a fun way to learn new and often obscure words ( hint : if you ever get stuck with a q , qi is a great word to play ) .
Words With Friends If you 're young enough , it 's possible that you missed out on Scrabble the board game .
Instead , you might be more familiar with Words with Friends , which is effectively the mobile app version of the game .
What makes it great is that , in addition to being something you can play anytime from anywhere , you can challenge friends and family or total strangers to a game .
Not surprisingly , it 's incredibly popular and has even been recognized as the world 's most popular game .
Boggle An oldie but goodie , Boggle has been around for quite a few years .
Simply shake the box and allow the dice to settle and reveal a 4x4 grid of letters .
You 've then got three minutes to find as many words as possible .
The longer the word , the higher your score .
But , you only score points if nobody else has identified the same word .
Try thinking creatively for unusual , longer words , but remember two and three letter words count too .
What makes this game fun is that it 's fast-paced and can quickly become highly competitive .
Balderdash This game is simple but a ton of fun .
When it 's your turn , you draw a card that contains an obscure word that most people have never heard of and its definition .
You read the word out to the other players and then get them to write down their best guess on what it means .
You then collect the definitions and read them aloud to the group .
If no one guesses the true definition , you get a point .
If people guess someone else 's fake definition , they get a point .
It 's a great way to learn new ( although not always very useful ) words , while also getting to be highly creative .
Upwords Similar to Scrabble , players build words using letter tiles on a gridded board .
However , in Upwords , letters can be stacked on top of other letters already on the board to create new words .
The higher the stack of letters , the more points you score .
Typically words built in later rounds are more valuable than earlier words , increasing play intensity and adding a level of strategy .
Try memorizing lots of two-letter words to give you an edge .
If you 're looking for a bit of fun , I highly recommend trying one or all of these games .
For word lovers , they 're a whole lot of fun .
Content marketing can be a very effective tactic for converting prospects into customers , while also building authority , brand loyalty , and trust .
If you want to become your company 's most valuable content marketer , you 've got to bring your A-game .
To do so , keep this advice in mind : Score points with a content strategy To be a winning content marketer , you 've got to start with a content strategy .
After all , how can you reach your goals , if you do n't have a plan for getting there ?
Your strategy needs to document what you 're trying to achieve , the audience you 're targeting , and the tools and tactics you 'll use .
It should also align with your overall business goals .
And make sure that you write your strategy down .
While everyone says ( and maybe even thinks ) they have a content strategy , research shows that if your strategy is documented , you 'll be more successful .
Developing a clear , well-documented strategy will get you right into the game .
Build your game plan with a content calendar Now that you have your strategy , it 's time to create a smart , organized content calendar to keep you organized .
No matter how often you create content , you should have a comprehensive calendar outlining what 's going to be published in the months ahead .
Doing so will give you the structure you need to bring your content marketing efforts to life .
It will also make it easier to see how your content aligns with specific marketing campaigns , events , target audiences , topic areas , and more .
A good calendar will also help prevent repetition , let team members know who 's doing what , and ensure you follow a well-planned publishing schedule .
While it may seem like content marketing 101 , do n't underestimate the value of a good content calendar .
It will give you the oversight you need to run an effective content marketing program .
Push it over the goal line with quality content The golden rule of content marketing is to produce content that 's interesting , well-written , and provides value to your audience .
For example , a lot of businesses get caught up in trying to write content that will rank well with search engines .
And while SEO is certainly important and needs to be taken into account , you do n't want to compromise your content quality by trying to stuff in keywords .
Similarly , avoid the temptation to include sales pitches or other self-promotion in your content .
These things will just distract you from your core objective and ultimately turn off your readers .
Create a winning mix of content and channels There 's more to content marketing than just blogs , whitepapers , and newsletters .
Mix things up by experimenting with other content formats such as video , podcasts , infographics , and SlideShares .
Not only will you keep your existing audience engaged , you 'll also reach new audiences you might otherwise have missed .
If the prospect of creating all of that extra content seems daunting , do n't worry .
You can often repurpose one piece of content across multiple formats , creating economies of scale .
For example , one eBook can easily be turned into a series of blog posts , an infographic , a podcast , and a video .
It 's also a good idea to try different channels for promoting your content .
Depending on the demographic you 're targeting , you might want to set up a YouTube channel or publish through SlideShare .
Maybe there 's a way to start using messaging apps to reach your audience via push notifications .
The point is that you want your audience to be able to find you anywhere and everywhere , not just on your own website .
Score points with data and analytics While getting people to read and engage with your content is a real win , it 's not enough .
Your organization also wants to see an actual return on its investment .
Thankfully , with advanced content analytics , you can obtain a detailed picture of how either individual pieces of content or groups of content are performing .
Once you know what 's working and what 's not , you can then refine your strategy as needed .
Plus , when you 're armed with data , you can not only optimize your performance , but also demonstrate your impact on the organization .
Great content marketing is about using high-quality content to drive business results .
When you do it right and start generating ROI , you wo n't just win the game , you 'll become your organization 's star player .
From humble beginnings on a small island more than 1,400 years ago , the English language has grown to become the de facto lingua franca around the world .
And while it 's the third most spoken language ( after Chinese and Spanish ) , there are significant differences in speech , spelling , terminology , and meaning depending on where it 's spoken .
Although Americans , the English , and Australians can all communicate easily enough , our use of the mother tongue has definitely evolved enough to create very distinct versions of the language .
And that matters .
When you 're writing for different international audiences , you 've got to get it right .
And you ca n't just assume that what flies in your country will be suitable in another , even if it 's the same language .
Do you know your cilantro from your coriander ?
Your Labor Party from your Labour Party ?
Or your plough from your plow ?
Let 's take a look at how UK , US , and Australian English came to be , and how different nations use them .
Where did English come from ?
The earliest forms of English were brought to Britain by Anglo-Saxon settlers in the fifth century .
After the Norman Conquest of England in 1066 , French influenced the language .
Early Modern English then developed in the late 15th century when the printing press was introduced and the King James Bible was published .
With the subsequent expansion of the British Empire , English as we know it spread across the world over the following centuries .
American English The biggest thing you 'll notice with American versus British English is the difference in spelling .
The British add a `` u '' to words like color , favor , and harbor .
They also double the `` l '' in words like traveler and will spell realize as realise .
Likewise , the British words theatre and centre have become theater and center , while plough has been shortened to plow .
So why all these differences ?
Quite simply , the two versions went their separate ways around 250 years ago and have been diverging and sharing new words and phrases ever since .
America started pinning down its version in the 1800s , thanks to lexicographer and language reformer Noah Webster .
His American Dictionary of the English Language was ground-breaking and was aimed at standardizing the American language .
He believed that English spelling rules were unnecessarily complex , so he introduced spellings that were pronounced as they were written .
He also added 12,000 new words that had not appeared in British dictionaries , such as skunk and squash .
Australian English Australian English is most similar to British English in spelling and sentence construction , although its accent and vocabulary are very distinct from the UK .
While American spellings were popular in Australia in the late 19th and early 20th centuries ( for example , the Australian Labor Party has no `` u '' ) , the introduction of the Concise Oxford English Dictionary seems to have re-established British spellings from the 1920s onward .
Therefore , labour ( the act of working ) keeps its third vowel while the political party does n't .
Australia also developed a large lexicon of its own , giving the world new terms for flora and fauna from indigenous Aborigines , such as kangaroo and dingo .
Words like cobber ( friend ) , battler ( a worthy person who is struggling to survive ) , and bludger ( someone who lives off the work of others ) are unique Australian words that you wo n't find elsewhere .
There are many nouns that the Australians and Americans share .
Zucchini , for example , owes its existence to Italian migrants that moved to both countries , leaving the UK with the French version courgette .
You 'll find eggplant in the supermarkets of America and Australia , but not in Britain where it 's called an aubergine .
But do n't be fooled .
Not all produce is the same Down Under ; cilantro is still the British version coriander , and arugula remains rocket .
Three countries , three different words Australians are a pretty flexible bunch and employ words from both sides of the pond .
They will talk about both gas and petrol and takeout and takeaway , with little attention paid to the difference .
However , there are some regular words and phrases that are completely different in all three versions of English .
A schedule is a rota in the UK and a roster in Australia .
We might talk about candy , but they say sweets and lollies .
Sneakers in the US are known as trainers in Britain and runners in Australia .
Depending on the country you 're in , you 'd go to a liquor store , an off-licence , or a bottle shop to buy beer .
It 's hot outside , so are you having a popsicle , an ice lolly , or an icy pole ?
When it 's cold at night do you wrap yourself up in a comforter , a duvet , or a doona ?
You need to think about your target audience when you 're creating content , otherwise it wo n't resonate with them .
We might all speak the same language , but in practice , all English-speaking countries have their own linguistic idiosyncrasies , unique lexicons , and just plain differences .
If you 're in doubt , engage the services of someone who can help localize your content .
That way , you 'll sort your bell peppers from your capsicums and your cell phone from your mobile , and you 'll truly be speaking your readers ' language .
Compelling web content is one of the most powerful marketing tools a company has at its disposal .
Get it right and you 'll raise brand awareness , increase the likelihood that your content gets shared , and establish trust and authority with your audience .
Get it wrong and you 'll risk turning off potential customers , in addition to wasting time and resources .
Writing for the web is very different from writing for offline .
Most website visitors read an average of just 20 to 28 percent of the words on a page , so you 've got a small window of opportunity to make maximum impact .
With that in mind , we 've compiled some tips to help you write better web copy .
Create great headlines To get people to read your content , you need to draw them in with a snappy headline that 's engaging and piques their interest .
Your headlines also need to communicate exactly what you 're writing about .
The headline we 've used for this blog post is brief , to the point , and sets out a clear expectation of what you 'll learn by reading it .
Avoid vague or wordy language ; instead , try to be concise , specific , and even evocative .
Simplify with short sentences and paragraphs Short sentences are a must .
They are more effective at getting your point across .
Ideally , you 'd stick to no more than 20 words per sentence , but if you find yourself running on — a common offense — either split your sentence in two or break it up with em dashes ( as we 've done here ) .
Breaking up your text into neat paragraphs is another important trick .
You should n't have more than five sentences in a paragraph .
It does n't matter if you 're not done expressing your idea .
You 'll be able to find a good natural break , or pause , and pick things up in the next paragraph .
It 's also fine to start a sentence with the sort of words we were taught in school never to use .
Starting sentences with coordinating conjunctions like `` and , '' `` but , '' and `` or '' is ok if it improves clarity and is n't at odds with the tone you 're trying to project .
Break it up for the scanners Many people tend to scan when they 're reading web copy .
That means they 're not taking a huge amount in and are instead actively searching for the parts that are most relevant to them .
Breaking your text up with subheadings and bulleted lists is a great way to ensure you 're helping scanners find the right information quickly .
Give readers visuals The brain loves color , so use pictures , images , graphs , or diagrams to break up text and to illustrate your points .
Visually engaging videos and images that reinforce the text can provide a welcome relief for readers and a chance to switch media for a while .
The right graphics can also be a very useful way to help readers understand complex ideas you 've conveyed with your text .
Keep your copy neat and clean While this is good advice for most kinds of writing , it 's especially important when writing for the web .
Always try to : Skip unnecessary words Avoid jargon and gobbledygook Use the active , not passive , voice Avoid needless repetition Address your web visitors directly by using `` you '' In other words , you want clean , crisp copy that 's concise and engaging .
Optimize your content for search engines One of the biggest considerations with web copy is making it findable .
Sprinkling your copy with the keywords and phrases your potential customers are searching for will help ensure your content ranks well for those search terms .
It will also help to bring customers and prospects to your site .
Once there , you should have useful content that applies to those search terms , so you can keep them reading .
Including links to more information — whether from your own site or external ones — creates a richer experience for the reader , while also making your content more attractive to search engines .
Do n't forget a call to action Every piece of content you create needs to have a call to action .
Are there other blogs on your site that are relevant to what the reader is looking for ?
If so , point them in that direction ( like we 've done below ) .
Do you want readers to post a comment or look at your products ?
If so , prompt them to do so by providing a link .
If nothing else , you want to get them to share your content with others .
The best way to do that ( apart from creating compelling content ) is by having share buttons for all your social media channels .
Writing to stand out There 's so much content on the web that you need to make sure that yours stands out from the crowd .
You can have the most useful and interesting content around , but if it looks word-dense and is visually unappealing , your readers wo n't stick around .
Following these simple tips will help you reach the right people and keep them coming back for more .
To learn about writing web content that search engines value , check out `` Get Found on Google : Are You Using the Right Keywords ? ''
In today 's globalized world , the demand for accurate , localized foreign language content is growing .
For proof , just look at the numbers : According to the U.S. Bureau of Statistics , the translation industry is expected to grow by 42 percent between 2010 and 2020 .
Meanwhile , the language services industry generated a whopping $ 40 billion in revenue in 2016 — a figure that 's projected to go even higher this year .
If you 're working for a business with international customers , and you are n't already producing global content , maybe it 's time to start rethinking your position .
To understand why , let 's take a closer look at translation .
The benefits of reaching people in their native tongue It 's no secret that people prefer to communicate in their native language .
And while there are more than 7,000 languages spoken throughout the world today , over half of the world 's population speaks just 23 of them .
Not only that , approximately 90 percent of online spending is accounted for by people who speak just 13 languages ( you can see which ones here ) .
There are serious benefits to translating your company 's content into any language , especially one of those 13 .
The biggest benefit , of course , is that it opens you up to a much broader range of potential customers .
Research by the Common Sense Advisory found `` a full 63 percent of global brands recently reached more customers by increasing the number of languages on their websites . ''
While there 's no doubt that English is the lingua franca ( 53.6 percent of web content is in English ) , imagine the size of the non-English market you may be overlooking .
Good , accurate foreign language content shows that your organization cares about non-English speaking customers , and that you 're trustworthy , professional , and local .
Having said all of that , it 's important to remember that bad translations can have disastrous consequences .
They can lead to embarrassing PR blunders ( as in these examples ) , or have more devastating results on your business .
It 's important to be smart about how you approach translation .
The rise of translation technology While free translation apps may be good enough for ordering dinner in Italy , or finding a doctor in Uruguay , they 're not the answer for translating your business content .
Fortunately , there are other solutions .
With machine translation , for example , computers learn from huge databases of already-translated text using Artificial Intelligence ( AI ) and deep learning .
As a result , they become better over time at making decisions about how to translate content from one language to another .
There 's no doubt that machine translation has a part to play in creating efficiencies , but it currently lacks the logic and reasoning skills of human translators .
Why humans still matter Languages are in a constant state of flux — adding and dropping words and phrases all the time .
And a region 's lexicon may also differ vastly from its neighbor 's .
Practically speaking , this means that you simply ca n't find a substitute for humans when it comes to performing high-quality translations .
Professional human translators are able to understand the meaning beyond the words , and can craft translations that reflect the true intent of the source content .
In business , literal translations produced by a machine do n't always cut it .
This is especially important when you 're thinking about brand voice and messaging .
It 's important therefore to invest in high-quality translation services to produce the best results .
While those services increasingly rely on machines to assist with translation , they add a layer of human review to ensure quality .
Remember , too , that the quality of any translation is highly dependent on the quality of source content .
Something that 's poorly written ( full of mistakes , or vague and unclear ) is going to result in a bad translation , no matter how skilled the translator .
Using content optimization technology to improve the source content before it 's translated is a great way to ensure quality results .
Speaking your language The future really is global , and great multilingual content presents huge business opportunities .
Fortunately , translating your content is n't as complicated as you might think .
What 's important is that you reach new customers with content they understand , in a way that accurately reflects your organization .
That 's a goal that makes sense in any language .
With the vastly increasing amount of content that brands must create daily , consistently producing high impact content is a huge challenge - particularly when content is created by many parts of the enterprise .
Maintaining content quality standards , instituting appropriate governance , operationalizing content and optimizing content 's role in the customer experience are some of the topics addressed at the Acrolinx Content Connections 2017 conference I attended in San Jose , which brought together senior content strategists from leading brands .
Here are some conference highlights .
Eliminate ROT .
The keynote from Sirius Decisions set the tone with their latest research showing where B2B content marketing is headed .
Not surprising , B2B continues to lag in adopting fundamental elements for success – including content strategy , operations and technology .
One of their most requested services is to conduct content audits which revealed again and again that up to 65 % of all content created is useless .
They cited three main reasons : Redundant Outdated Trivial The first letters of each word says it all – ROT .
The huge need for CMOs to get a better handle on their content marketing initiatives was reinforced by the fact that 64 % felt their programs/campaigns were underperforming .
Another interesting finding was that post-sale content comprised over 60 % of pre-sale discovery during the buying process .
That , and adding voice of the customer ( VOC ) , was found to be the most vital for success .
Quality Control .
Intel had a very compelling story on how they handle governance within their 110,000 employee global organization .
When their new CMO came on board , one of his first questions was , how do we manage all of our content from website to mobile to microsites to one-off efforts ?
When he learned that no one really had a handle on it , much less even know how much content was created , he established a COE for Digital Governance and Operations .
This evoked the typical grumblings from business units complaining that if it were their budget , then it is their decision on how to spend it .
But with C-suite backing , he gained control over all domain rights so that any effort that did n't go through the COE had no way to publish , launch or do anything .
That , to me , is the only way to control the chaos too many brands find in their content initiatives .
Speaking Your Language .
Marketers from Nestle , Microsoft , VMware , PayPal , Adobe and Oracle each indicated that their organizations were in the midst of a major business transformation .
And , because of that , there was even a greater importance that content be accurately communicated to customers , prospects and employees .
What became apparent was that these large enterprise brands with their huge strategic initiatives suffer from the same problems as much smaller organizations .
Employees still need training to write clearly , use proper punctuation , grammar and spelling , and avoid passive voice .
This is where Acrolinx plays its role .
No organization has enough editors to review all their content so all copy , even vendor materials , are put through the Acrolinx proprietary linguistic software ( multiple languages ) to maintain quality , brand voice and specific corporate nomenclature .
As one participant said , `` It 's like having a platoon of PhDs in creative writing , linguistics and fluent in 120 languages working as copy editors with their staff . ''
This is a prime example of how AI can add value to fast-paced content creation organizations .
For further insights into how content will become even more important in the future see this article .
This post was originally published on the ComBlu website .
Kevin Lynch is a Co-founder of ComBlu , Inc. , a content marketing consulting firm based in Chicago , IL .
The firm specializes in enterprise content strategy , thought leadership programs and content marketing .
We objectively assess the collective content and experience needs of your key stakeholders and determine how well equipped your organization is to deliver that content efficiently .
We then create workable plans and programs to deliver compelling content to the right audiences .
Writing successful copy for business takes time and skill .
There 's an art to creating clear , persuasive , informative text that will resonate with your target audience .
For your business writing to have maximum impact , you need to approach it with a keen eye , while keeping several main strategies in mind .
No matter whether you 're a beginner or a seasoned professional , below are eight lessons that every business writer needs to remember to create killer copy .
Strike the right tone Your organization 's tone of voice is a crucial element in establishing and enhancing its brand .
It needs to be consistent across all of your written communications so that your customers and prospects automatically associate it with your company .
Going rogue and writing in an entirely new tone of voice is confusing for customers , employees , and other users .
It can come across as unprofessional and lacking in authority , so stick with your company 's designated tone of voice to help build trust .
Need help creating your company 's tone of voice ?
Check out this great resource .
Get to the point quickly These days , people simply do n't have the time or the inclination to read thousands of words .
Focus on the important messages and get to what matters quickly .
You do n't want readers to switch off before you 've even gotten started .
Be clear and concise Using plain language is so important that there 's now a plain writing law .
It requires federal agencies to communicate in a clear way so that the public can understand .
You should be following the same principles when it comes to your business content .
What 's the point in writing something if your audience has to work really hard to understand it ?
Last time we checked , you do n't get any bonus points for using fancy words or long , complicated sentences .
Imagine you 're writing for someone who has absolutely no experience in your subject matter and keep your language clear and simple .
Illustrate your points with specifics Do n't be vague .
If you 're telling a prospect that a new piece of software saves time and resources , then illustrate it with specific examples .
Explain that it automates time-consuming tasks like filing or database management .
People do n't just want to know that a certain product will change their lives , they also want to know how .
Make sure you 're giving them the information they 're after .
Remember the goal What do you want your customer or the person who 's just read a page of your website to do once they 've finished ?
Does that come across in your copy ?
If you want them to buy a product , are you being persuasive enough ?
Have you demonstrated how the product will solve their problem ?
Make sure that your readers know exactly what the next step is for them and gently encourage them to take it .
Forget formal ( well , most of the time ) You want to connect with your audience , so avoid using impersonal , stuffy language .
Write as if you 're talking to the person face-to-face , so address them personally .
Using contractions such as `` you 're '' instead of `` you are '' is another way to sound friendlier and more approachable .
While there may be a few exceptions to this technique ( legal contracts might be one ) , business writing , in general , is becoming more casual .
And that 's true regardless of whether you 're in banking or working for a tech startup .
The trick is finding the right level of informality for your particular audience .
Avoid jargon and clichés Overused phrases like `` hit the ground running '' and `` thinking outside the box '' feel generic and uninspired .
They make your copy sound bland , routine , and indistinguishable .
If you want to produce interesting , thought-provoking pieces , then ditch the tired clichés and find other ways to express your ideas .
Likewise , filling your content with industry jargon that not everyone understands is a guaranteed way to turn people off .
Avoid it as much as you can .
Go back to edit and proofread The trick to good writing is not just what you put down on the page , but what you take out .
Check for unnecessary words that you can remove , for grammatical errors , and for other ways to punch up your copy and make it pithier .
When you 're close to a piece of writing , it 's very easy to miss spelling and grammar mistakes , or other opportunities to make improvements .
Getting fresh eyes on the page will help pick up any errors and save you from potential embarrassment .
There 's no shame in asking for help .
Writing engaging copy for business can be tricky , so it 's important to stand back at regular intervals and take a critical look at your text .
By approaching your writing from your audience 's point of view and remembering these simple guidelines , you 'll be able to create impactful copy .
Want to make the process easier ?
Find out how Acrolinx can help create business content that gets results .
Social media has made a huge impact on our everyday lives , from the speed at which we communicate to the spread of information .
However , one of the single most important effects has to be how it has changed language .
From introducing new words such as `` photobomb , '' and acronyms like FOMO ( fear of missing out ) , social media has changed the way we write and speak .
Of course , there 's one question that we need to ask : Is social media wreaking havoc on the way we write or actually helping us do it better ?
The English language is evolving faster than ever A huge amount of the written language we encounter is on our computers , smartphones , and tablets .
We use Twitter , Facebook , and Whatsapp .
We Instagram and we Snapchat .
So it 's no surprise that the evolution of language is happening through our interactions with technology .
Words and phrases have been coined on social media and have since passed into general usage , and even our dictionaries .
`` Selfie , '' for example , was named word of the year by the Oxford English Dictionary in 2013 .
Two years later , their `` word '' of the year was the `` tears of joy emoji , '' which is further proof of how language is evolving thanks to social media .
ICYWW , here 's what 's changed Acronyms enter our language every day .
( Oh , and if that last one had you scratching your head , it 's short for `` in case you were wondering . '' )
But not all stick around long enough to make an impact .
LOL and OMG have stood the test of time , but early texting hits like GR8 and M8 have almost completely lapsed into obscurity .
Photobomb , that relatively new compound noun we mentioned earlier , seems to be finding a permanent home in the English vernacular .
Social media has n't just invented new words .
It 's also transformed the meaning of existing ones .
`` Friend '' is no longer just a noun that means companion .
Thanks to the Internet , it 's now a verb meaning `` to friend someone on Facebook . ''
Meanwhile , when we talk about tweeting , we 're rarely referring to birds .
Likewise , if someone mentions a troll , they 're far more likely to be referring to someone harassing people online than an odd creature living under a bridge .
It helps us communicate more effectively Much of social speak has developed from a desire to text and communicate quickly on our phones , or to stay within Twitter 's 140-character limit .
Purists might shake their head at the younger generation 's ability to invent and propagate new words , but it 's no real cause for concern .
That 's because English is a living language that is constantly evolving .
You wo n't find many people bemoaning the fact that `` doth '' has slipped out of usage , or that `` find '' has replaced the less archaic `` findeth . ''
The language of social media is likewise evolving daily and seeping into the mainstream , sometimes to replace outdated predecessors .
Plus , let 's not forget that many of the words that entered the English language a mere 20 years ago are pretty mainstream now .
These include shopaholic , voicemail , foodie , and Google .
One day , we might feel the same way about IMHO ( in my honest opinion ) , TL ; DR ( too long ; did n't read ) , and NSFW ( not safe for work ) .
We 're getting better at communicating Social speak is now the mainstay of quick , informal communication — like you 'll find in Facebook posts , tweets , emails , and texts .
And while more formal writing still has its place in business communications , you ca n't ignore the way that language is evolving .
A better solution is to adopt it selectively to demonstrate that you 're evolving too .
So while professional communicators should n't jump on every trendy new word , phrase , or abbreviation , sprinkling in a few here and there ca n't hurt .
After all , there 's no evidence that social media is ruining the way we write .
On the contrary , depending on how you look at it , it might even be making our language and writing all the richer and more interesting .
In any given company , there are usually lots of teams that create content — from marketing and communications to sales , product management , and senior company leaders .
But when those teams do n't work together , inconsistencies can occur in the content 's style , tone of voice , and overall message .
And when that happens , damage can be done to the organization 's brand .
So what 's the solution ?
Should marketing own all of your company 's content to prevent this from happening ?
Or is there a way for disparate areas of your business to work together and get it right ?
Too many cooks can spoil the broth It 's not always feasible for the marketing department to produce every piece of content .
It might also be impractical for marketing to edit and review everything .
The problem is that when you have lots of different people creating content , it can lead to inconsistent messaging , brand violations , and a confusing customer experience .
That 's a big issue .
Low-quality or inconsistent content can adversely impact your business in many ways .
Spelling mistakes can lead to product recalls .
Poorly written website copy can put off customers .
And advertising campaigns that are n't aligned with your brand 's ethos and tone can easily lead to PR disasters .
Unfortunately , these situations come up all of the time .
Here 's a great blog from HubSpot that shares some recent notable examples .
Solutions to the problem Effectively managing a range of content creators without overloading the marketing department is a hard act to pull off .
However , technology exists that can help to standardize , improve , and create better content .
This is especially useful when some of your contributors are n't necessarily trained writers or content creators , but rather specialists in their own fields .
An Artificial Intelligence ( AI ) platform like Acrolinx can actually `` read '' your content and guide your writers to make it better .
Built on an advanced linguistic analytics engine , it provides scores for categories like terminology , style , clarity , and word usage based on your own guidelines .
It can also evaluate your content 's tone of voice , so everything your company produces is on brand .
There are other benefits to using AI to help manage your company 's content creation .
For example , you can use it to identify individuals who might benefit from additional training , and to find and correct content that is n't up to scratch before it goes out .
Plus , there 's less need for oversight and , as a result , you avoid multiple rounds of editing .
Keep marketing in the loop While marketing does n't necessarily need to `` own '' all your company 's content , it 's typically in charge of the brand .
And , since we 've seen countless examples of how things can go south when someone misinterprets your brand voice or lets errors go , it often makes sense to keep marketing in the loop .
However you currently divide content creation in your organization , keeping your content on-brand and of the highest quality should always be your top objectives .
Protecting or corralling content within marketing is often impractical , so finding ways to improve the quality of what different teams create — with some amount of marketing oversight — is a smart solution .
If you can automate that process with an AI platform , all the better .
Striking a balance While you want each of your business areas to have autonomy to create content , having marketing oversee the process makes a lot of sense .
Rather than thinking of marketing as the owner of content , think about it as a brand and quality guardian instead .
Doing so will allow you to allocate your organization 's resources more efficiently .
It will also ensure that each piece of content that goes out the door is of the highest quality no matter who wrote it .
In today 's online world , content is a critical tool for communicating with existing customers and attracting new ones .
It 's also an important expression of your brand and a way of demonstrating your knowledge and expertise .
In fact , in many cases , it 's one of the key engines you can use to propel your business forward .
The problem is that , in 2017 , simply producing content does n't cut it .
Every minute of every day , 1,400 blog posts are published , 204 million emails are sent , and 72 hours of new video are uploaded to YouTube ( for more astonishing stats like these , see this post ) .
And that 's just the tip of the iceberg .
The reality is that there 's an unfathomable amount of content coming online each day , competing for people 's attention .
Therefore , if your content is average , it 's going to get overlooked .
And while that may not be a unique insight , here 's something that we think is : When you have the tools to measure the quality of your content , you never have to settle for publishing anything that 's less than great .
From Lost to Found : The Implications of Content Analytics When your content is n't up to scratch , it can have a lot of different implications for your business .
And while getting overlooked is bad enough , it gets worse .
For example , if your content is old and stale , it may no longer be accurate and therefore less effective .
If lots of different people are creating your content , it may be inconsistent or off-brand , which could undermine the experiences you create for your customers .
Or , if it 's unnecessarily complex , people might not understand your content and either turn away screaming or call your customer service center for help .
None of these scenarios are good for business .
Fortunately , with the right analytics , you can avoid these and many other problems .
In fact , with analytics , content creation becomes much smarter and more strategic .
Content analytics allow you to do all sorts of things , including : Quickly identify low-performing content so you can allocate resources to fix it .
Predict which content will yield better response rates long before you ever publish it .
Standardize content quality before you publish .
Drive better customer experiences by easily identifying , ranking , and fixing stale and underperforming content .
Avoid random spot-checking and measure every piece of content , so you can achieve 100 percent quality .
Provide more self-service writing guidance , while still guaranteeing content quality and clarity .
Most companies use analytics to improve all sorts of aspects of their business , from sales and marketing to the actual products and services they offer .
Why would n't you use analytics to help you create better content ?
Introducing Acrolinx Analytics Acrolinx Analytics is a new reporting tool that we 're rolling out as part of our latest Acrolinx release .
It provides critical governance throughout the entire content creation lifecycle , helping you quickly assess your content 's performance , pinpoint problems , and identify areas for improvement .
Using a powerful set of dashboards , Acrolinx Analytics lets you filter views by key attributes , such as content group , language , and audience , so you see a comprehensive , immediate report of your content 's status .
It also gives you a holistic view of your content so you can better understand how your various content types — support content , blog content , or product documentation , for example — are performing versus a benchmark .
Plus , it highlights how your Acrolinx Score develops for those content groups over time .
By providing scores for categories like terminology , style , clarity , and conversational tone , among others , Acrolinx Analytics also helps you isolate spikes or trends .
That way you can better understand what content characteristics are influencing your key performance indicators ( KPIs ) .
Great Content Comes from Great Insight As Ann Handley often says , it 's not about creating more content .
It 's about creating better content .
We think she 's right .
The key to creating better content is having the analytics-driven insights you need to make smart decisions that will help you improve your content .
In our view , Acrolinx Analytics is a powerful source for those analytics and one that 's worth your time to check out .
To learn more about it , watch our short Acrolinx Analytics tutorial .
This post is based on a presentation Phyllis Davidson , a Research Director at SiriusDecisions , recently gave at Content Connections , Acrolinx 's annual conference .
Held in May 2017 , the event attracted content professionals from around the world .
You 'll also find a recording of Phyllis 's full presentation embedded in the post below .
Content is a bit of a paradox in most organizations .
We all recognize that it 's the fuel for marketing .
And yet in most organizations , there 's rarely a dedicated content team .
Instead , content creators are sprinkled across the company .
Everyone is trying to have a voice in content marketing , but nobody actually wants to be responsible for it .
This can lead to some pretty serious problems .
For example , although many organizations report spending more money than ever on content , much of that content goes to waste .
When we conduct audits for companies , we often find that between 60 and 70 percent of their content is flawed .
It might not be usable or findable , or it could be trivial or out of date .
Typically , this is because companies create their content in silos .
This leads to redundancies , inaccuracies , and a host of other issues .
By contrast , companies that take an enterprise-wide approach to content eliminate these challenges .
Yet the problem goes beyond silos .
As we 'll see , while most organizations say that they do content marketing , very few have the actual foundations in place to do it well .
The Importance of Having a Dedicated Team Although most companies do n't have a single content team , we know that when there 's a team in place it really makes a difference .
No matter what the team is called ( content marketing , content strategy , and content strategy and operations are among some of the more popular team names ) , formally implementing a content strategy and operations function drives tangible results .
As the chart below shows , those results include increased website traffic and brand awareness , increased lead quality and quantity , higher conversion rates , and improved perception with and attention from influencers , among others .
When you have a team focused on managing content across all its stages , you can make some very important gains .
But , that 's not to say that as an organization you should be looking to install a `` content mommy '' who 's going to take care of everything .
Instead , what you need is a dedicated team that helps facilitate content creation across the entire organization .
So , what should that team look like ?
No matter the size of your organization , it should consist of three parts : 1 .
Content strategy .
People dedicated to defining , documenting , and educating your organization on how to apply strategic best practices to content planning and creation .
Content operations .
People dedicated to defining and implementing the tools and processes required to manage , measure , and optimize the content supply chain .
Content factory .
People dedicated to producing content that maps to a content strategy and an audience journey to drive awareness , demand , and sales enablement .
It 's when you have people in each of these areas that you can focus both on content marketing and marketing your content .
The Four Priorities for Content Strategy and Operations Once you have a team in place , you also have to know where that team needs to focus its attention .
Typically , that should be where you see the greatest likelihood for challenges .
We advise companies to focus on four key areas : 1 .
Strategic Content Planning .
Creating and implementing a repeatable , rigorous process to define comprehensive content requirements that support effective downstream creation decisions .
Content Management Technology .
Implementing and managing the cross-functional processes and technology that drive best-practice content architecture , taxonomy , workflows , and measurement .
Content Factory .
Orchestrating and building audience-centric , high-quality , and scalable content assets that support multichannel marketing programs and tactics .
Functional Design and Development .
Building a content strategy and operations center of excellence and upskilling cross-functional content competencies .
By focusing on these areas , content teams can cover their bases with all the foundational elements they need to succeed at content marketing .
To learn more about each of these areas and get a deeper perspective on how content marketing is evolving in B2B organizations , watch the full presentation .
https : //www.youtube.com/embed/6BatHf-eUmY
In today 's online world , it 's no secret that metrics matter .
That 's particularly true when it comes to maximizing your content creation efforts .
To produce the most effective content — the kind that engages your readers and gets them to take some kind of next step — you need to know as much about that content as you possibly can .
And while some metrics can help you see how well your content has performed after it 's been published , at best they can only offer you a rearview mirror 's look into your content .
Others , however , can help you determine how well your content is going to perform before anyone ever reads it .
Let 's take a closer look at both kinds of metrics .
Vanity metrics make you feel good While there 's no doubt that the so-called vanity metrics can give you a lot of information — how many visitors have seen your content , how much time they 've spent on a particular page , or how often they 've shared it with others — the problem is that these metrics are n't always particularly useful .
Sure they may fan your ego ( we got 25,000 visitors to our site this month !
) , but they only tell you what 's already happened .
Plus , having all of the visitors in the world come to your site does n't really matter , if no one actually winds up buying from you .
The other issue with vanity metrics is that you only know how well a piece of content has performed long after it 's been published .
If it was successful , you 're left trying to replicate whatever you did to get a similar result with your next piece of content .
If it did n't perform the way you were hoping , you 're left scratching your head trying to figure out why .
Either way , you 're not really in the driver 's seat .
And trying to calibrate your content to get the best results can quickly start to feel like a guessing game .
Predictive analytics give you a crystal ball The good news is that we now have other analytics that can help us determine how well our content is going to perform before it 's ever published .
Predictive analytics provide valuable insights on how your content is written and whether or not it 's going to resonate with your specific target audience .
They 're the result of an analysis of your writing style and tone of voice that 's designed to measure if your content is clear , engaging , and written in just the right way to resonate with your particular audience .
When paired with a content optimization platform like Acrolinx , you can make adjustments to your content while you 're working on it to tune your writing so that it gets the best possible result .
That way you can publish your content with confidence , knowing that it 's going to have its desired effect on your target audience .
A closer look at predictive analytics The key to predictive analytics is understanding your target audience .
Who are the personas that you 're writing for and what resonates most with them ?
Do they respond well to content that 's concise , pithy , and very conversational , or is something more formal and verbose more appropriate ?
While what you say is incredibly important , how you say it is just as critical .
If you know what style and tone of voice resonate with your audience , you can then use a content optimization platform to measure all of your content against those preferences .
The platform then flags any issues with your writing , telling you what kinds of changes you need to make to bring your content in line with your target audience 's expectations .
If you check all of your content and it earns a high score , you can then predict with confidence that your content is going to be successful .
While there are certainly no guarantees in life , predictive analytics are incredibly useful .
They allow you to calibrate your content before you publish it , thereby maximizing the chances that your audience will like it and take a desired action .
Looking forward , not back There 's no doubt that vanity metrics are useful for seeing how your content has been received , assessing its reach , and identifying where it has fallen flat .
But with the technologies now available , you can also look into the future .
And , going forward , that 's going to be what gives content creators like you a real edge .
To learn more about predictive analytics and Acrolinx , check out `` The Application and Value of Content Analytics . ''
Editor 's note : This post is based off of a presentation that OutSystems Chief Marketing Officer Steve Rotter recently gave at Content Connections , Acrolinx 's flagship annual conference .
Held in May 2017 , the event attracted hundreds of content professionals from around the world .
When I arrived at OutSystems about a year ago , it was clear the company faced a number of content challenges .
As a low-code application development platform , we were creating content about some pretty technical topics that were difficult to communicate .
All the more so since OutSystems is a Portuguese company , which meant we had a lot of non-native English speakers doing the work .
The fact that we had a fairly rookie content strategy — and a tone of voice that just did n't reflect the business we were trying to build — further complicated things .
Suffice it to say , we had our work cut out for us .
But I knew that , before we could tackle any of the goals on our ambitious agenda , we had to get our tone of voice right .
We needed to strike the right balance and establish a tone that was authoritative , but also engaging enough to help us connect with our audience .
To do so , we turned to Acrolinx for help .
We used Acrolinx to analyze our content and our competitors ' and the other companies we admired .
The analysis confirmed that our content was n't as clear , it was n't as lively , and it was more formal than everyone else 's .
And we learned our overall tone of voice scores just were n't up to par .
That 's when the real work began .
Fixing Our Content at its Core We looked first at our website .
It had a number of issues , including the content and language it used .
So we redesigned the site and fixed all the content to make it more engaging and accessible .
The results were pretty staggering .
On our home page , for example , we nearly doubled the average time on page .
And those results replicated across the site .
In fact , when we were done , we had more than doubled our average time on site from just 4 minutes to well over 9 minutes .
These and other positive results ultimately led to a significant boost in our Alexa rankings .
Next , we looked at our free trial offer .
Since so many of OutSystems ' customers begin their journey with us via a free trial , we wanted to maximize the number of trial conversions .
That meant removing any unnecessary steps from the free trial sign-up process .
We then added content based on its ability to : Facilitate the sign-up process without impeding it .
Push the conversion forward instead of derailing it .
Engage an audience that had previously been alienated .
Of course , using a friendlier , more accessible tone of voice played a key role here as well , and we got great results .
Creating the exact experience we wanted during the free trial sign-up process allowed us to boost conversion rates from 61 percent to 87 percent .
And , it 's worth pointing out that the increase represents about half a million dollars in saved advertising budget .
Over the months that followed , we also rolled out a content marketing blog and created a number of larger content assets .
Big Changes Get Big Results The changes that we made to our content led to many other business benefits , too .
For one , the cachet of our brand grew as the experience associated with it became more valuable to customers .
Since they were learning from and engaging with our content , email blasts once disregarded , for example , were now getting people 's attention .
Our open rates skyrocketed .
Our newsletter sign-ups grew , too .
And we improved our SEO rankings .
I do n't think any of that would have been possible if we had n't nailed our content 's tone of voice .
For a closer look at all of the projects we took on during this time , including new content marketing opportunities that led to tens-of-thousands of views and an overhaul of an on-site chat client , watch my full presentation .
https : //youtu.be/sfwpAY4jU4o
Editor 's note : This post is adapted from a presentation that Kelvin Gee , the Senior Director of Modern Marketing Business Transformation at Oracle , gave at Content Connections , Acrolinx 's flagship annual conference .
Held in May 2017 , the event attracted hundreds of content professionals from around the world .
We all know that storytelling is a hot topic and a technique that 's used regularly in content marketing .
But there is n't a lot of content out there that tells you how to tell a story well .
To be successful with your content and actually make an impact , your storytelling needs to be effective .
The reason is that there 's so much information out there , and it 's a lot harder to get people 's attention .
( Google , for example , will index an estimated 305 trillion pages in 2017 alone . )
In fact , according to Forrester research , most B2B buyers say that their vendors give them way too much bad content to sort through .
What all of this means is that as marketers , our greatest challenge is earning and maintaining the right to have a conversation with our customers .
That 's because we 're not just up against our competitors .
We 're also competing with all of our customers ' friends and family , the other brands they like , and everyone else who is working for their attention .
Why Stories Matter As our tolerance for things that do n't immediately pique our interest shrinks , using storytelling to create more compelling and engaging content has become essential .
Storytelling is so effective because it 's a way to engage your audience and educate them , without overwhelming them with information .
Plus , storytelling makes things more memorable .
For example , just consider that people are 22 times more likely to remember a fact if it 's wrapped in a story .
This means that storytelling is a great way to make sure your key messages really have an impact .
How to Tell a Good Story So what makes a good story ?
Fundamentally , every story needs to include four common elements : ( 1 ) a setting , ( 2 ) a protagonist , and potentially other characters , ( 3 ) a conflict that the protagonist is faced with , and ( 4 ) a resolution to that conflict .
To design your story , simply follow these steps : Research your personas and understand their needs .
Who is your audience ?
What do these people need that they do n't have ?
What do you want them to do ?
What takeaways or lessons do you have for them ?
What do you want them to feel after hearing your story ?
Choose your protagonist .
Your protagonist could be your company , your product , or your customers .
Use your company if it defeats the competition by exploiting resources , engineering , or patents , or it has a unique origin story .
Use your product if it 's vastly superior to the competition .
Or , if you want to create a human connection between your audience and your company , use your customers .
Set the time and place .
Create the world where your story will take place .
Select the time and location and be as specific as you can .
Choose the inciting incident .
All stories need a catalyst .
What 's driving change ?
What 's the straw that broke the camel 's back ?
Whatever the case , something needs to happen to kick things off .
Define the conflict .
Every good story is built around conflict .
There are four types : ( 1 ) internal conflict that incurs in the mind ; ( 2 ) physical conflict , say with an adversary ; ( 3 ) social conflict such as what can stem from political issues ; and ( 4 ) the personal conflict that people experience with friends , family , and loved ones .
Arouse an object of desire .
That object can be physical or abstract , and should be the thing the protagonist needs to restore balance in his or her life .
Conclude with a climactic action ( resolution ) .
Every story needs an ending that resolves the conflict you 've established .
When done well , stories can be very powerful tools that evoke emotions and drive people to take action .
Maya Angelou may have captured the essence of this idea best , when she said , `` I 've learned that people will forget what you said , people will forget what you did , but people will never forget how you made them feel . ''
Create stories .
Use them to appeal to people 's emotions .
You 'll be amazed at what happens .
To learn more , check out Kelvin Gee 's full presentation .
https : //youtu.be/ejYsbFgN77E
Editor 's note : This post is based off of a presentation that Deborah Bosley , the Owner and Principal of the The Plain Language Group and Associate Professor Emerita at UNC Charlotte , recently gave at Content Connections , Acrolinx 's flagship annual conference .
Held in May 2017 , the event attracted hundreds of content professionals from around the world .
Think back to the past week and all the content you consumed .
Did you read anything that was so muddled that you had to reread it ?
Did you receive any long , rambling emails that you had to spend 10 minutes decoding ?
Maybe you stumbled across a big block of content that you just did n't have the energy to get through ?
If you deal with content on a regular basis , then I bet at least some of this sounds familiar .
The thing is , when we engage with bad content , it actually affects us emotionally .
It can confuse and frustrate us , make us feel irritated , and even tarnish our impression of the person ( or brand ) behind it .
And of course , none of that 's good for business .
Bad content can also lead to customer inaction , lost opportunities , questions and misunderstandings , legal risks , and more .
The Problem with Unclear Content When I tell you that unclear content is bad for business , I 'm not kidding .
According to one study of 400 companies ( each with more than 100,000 employees ) , they collectively spent an average of nearly $ 400 billion of time trying to make sense of unclear internal content .
Another study showed that big enterprises lose an average of $ 62.4 million every year because their customer-facing content is n't clear ( resulting in more calls to customer service , among other things that can ratchet up costs ) .
The bottom line is that when your content is unclear , it can lead to confusion .
And that 's an expensive problem .
In fact , a third study revealed that employees at big companies spend huge amounts of time trying to understand communications .
In fact , they estimated that it costs an average of $ 26,000 per worker in lost productivity every year .
Translation is another area that quickly suffers because of unclear content .
If your writing is n't clear and concise , your translation costs will skyrocket .
Consider these two passages : Passage 1 : What we 've wondered about of late is why companies are so open to the idea of developers getting together to hold hackathons for technical coding , but are so resistant to the idea of creative people getting together to do something similar for their content since content is similar to code in its potential to build the business .
Passage 2 : Why the resistance to innovative content brainstorming ?
Coders do it .
They both convey the same information , but one does it in 54 words , while the other does it in 10 words and is much easier to follow .
If you assume a translation rate of $ 0.25 per word , the first passage will cost you $ 13.50 , while the second will only cost you $ 2.50 .
That may not seem like such a big deal , but the numbers quickly increase when you 're talking about lots of different languages .
And if you 're translating long-form content , with tens of thousands of words , finding clearer and more concise ways of expressing ideas can save you millions of dollars in translation costs .
My general advice is to only tell your readers what they need to know , not everything you want to tell them .
We 're often inclined to give readers way more information than they need .
This only makes our writing cluttered and harder to understand .
The Business Case for Content Clarity
Are you good at writing emails ?
Like most people , you probably think you are since you 've written so many of them in your life .
But what about your colleagues and co-workers ?
Do they write emails that are clear and easy to understand ?
And how about your company ?
The reality is that while anyone can write an email , not everyone can do so effectively .
Unfortunately , for the people on the receiving end , that can lead to confusion , mistakes , inaction , and even poor customer engagement .
The good news is that writing effective emails is n't rocket science .
It 's just a matter of taking a disciplined approach and following a basic formula .
Let 's break that formula down into four steps .
Step 1 : The Subject Line The subject line of your email is the one chance you have to grab someone 's attention .
And when you 're writing to an audience that is n't obligated to read your messages , you need to follow some best practices .
For example : Be specific .
What exactly can the recipient expect to find inside the email ?
Give your audience clues so they can quickly and accurately assess whether to open your email , save it for later , or delete it .
If your email is communicating a change in HR benefits at your company , it should clearly state as much .
If your email to customers is about a new feature you 're deploying , that should be obvious .
Be honest .
Although we live in a world full of click-bait , you do n't want to do the bait and switch .
Catchy , engaging , fun headlines are fantastic , but if they promise something that your email does n't actually deliver , you 'll just turn off your audience .
Be creative .
While being specific and honest is paramount , you also need to do what you can to pique people 's interest and give them a reason to open your email .
While a subject line of `` Updates to Our HR Policies '' may be specific and honest , it 's also boring .
Would an alternative like `` Five Ways We 're Making [ company name ] a Better Place to Work '' get more people engaged in what you 're communicating ?
A/B Test .
If you 're able to , come up with a number of different headlines and A/B test them to see which one gets the best result .
That process could be as simple as circulating your top picks among a small group of co-workers to see which ones they like best .
Or , you could do a more official A/B test via your marketing automation platform .
A lot of people talk about the length of subject lines and the impact that can have on whether or not people choose to read your emails .
While you do need to consider the device your audience is reading your emails on ( shorter subject lines work better on mobile devices because they 're less likely to get cut off ) , length should n't otherwise be a big issue .
In fact , when the folks at MailChimp conducted an analysis of 12 billion emails , comparing subject line length with click and open rates , they found no change whether the subject lines were long or short .
Step 2 : The Salutation Most people liked to be addressed by their first name .
And while that may seem like a no-brainer in one-to-one communications , it 's essential for mass e-mails as well .
In fact , personalized promotional emails result in six times the number of transactions than ones that are n't personalized .
Admittedly , this research is a few years old at this point , but the underlying principle still holds .
So , make sure you 're greeting your audience by their first name ( not their last name , which is a mistake that happens fairly often and is a huge turn off ) , and try to remember to mix things up .
Writing `` Hi Bob '' on every single email feels pretty boring .
If your company 's tone of voice allows for it , why not try variations like `` Happy Friday , Bob ! ''
If you do n't know the first name of the person you 're writing to , maybe it 's time to get creative .
Admit you do n't have this information and tell readers how much you 'd like to be able to personalize your communications to them .
Then make doing so an easy and seamless experience by , for example , including a link to a form where they can quickly provide this information .
Step 3 : The Body Ok , you 've gotten someone to open your email and they 're actually reading it .
At least they 're starting to .
You 've now got about two seconds ( well , probably less if we 're honest ) to get their attention and communicate what it is that you 're trying to tell them .
Here 's how to do it : Get to the point as quickly as possible .
Most people do n't have the time or energy to read through the email equivalent of small talk .
Sure you need to provide some context , and you may want to inject some personality , but get to the point quickly .
Why are you writing and what do you want your reader to do ?
Say less , not more .
You may have important things to say , but just make sure that you 're saying them as concisely as possible .
Most people are going to skim your email at best .
By eliminating the number of words on the page , you 'll increase the amount of your content that they actually read .
Make your message scannable .
Avoid long paragraphs or anything that could be perceived as a wall of content .
Break your message up with headings and bulleted lists so your audience can quickly navigate to the points they care about .
Include a clear call to action .
What is the reader supposed to do ?
Call you ?
Click on a link ?
Download a piece of content ?
Do n't just be explicit about what you want people to do , make it very clear how they 're supposed to do it .
There 's no set rule about how long you should or should n't make your emails .
Just remember that people are busy and unlikely to read anything lengthy , unless you 've given them a good reason .
Try to be concise , to highlight key points early on , and to be as clear as possible .
Step 4 : The Close How to sign off an e-mail is the topic of a surprising amount of debate .
There are lots of options and each comes with its own pros and cons ( see this article for a comprehensive look at them ) .
In general , this is a matter of personal taste .
If you like cheers / best / thanks at the end of an email , write it .
If you think that sounds too pompous / vague / deferential , do n't .
Quick Tips for Effective Emails Make your subject lines creative , specific , and honest .
Address your recipient by first name .
Get to the point and make your offer clear .
Close in a way that works for you .
The Final Word Good communication is essential .
Before you send out your next email , make sure you 've expressed your ideas as clearly and concisely as possible .
Reread everything before you send it to not only check for typos and grammatical mistakes , but to also ensure that your readers will walk away knowing exactly what you want them to .
If you have any doubts , get a second opinion .
Let someone you trust read the email before you send it out to ensure that it 's doing the job .
A little extra effort up front will go a long way toward ensuring the effectiveness of your emails once they 're out the door .
Another way you can help ensure your next email is perfect is by using a tool like Acrolinx .
It does all the checking for you to ensure your writing is accurate , clear , concise , and in line with your company 's brand guidelines .
To find out more about how Acrolinx can help you create great content , take a quick tour of our platform .
Research by Erin Provey at Sirius Decisions shows companies typically spend more than 50 percent of their marketing budgets on content creation , yet organizations rarely have a detailed plan for how to manage that spend .
Too often teams focus on how to publish , run campaigns , and measure ranking , clickthroughs , conversion , and so on ... all the while assuming the content to feed all this activity just magically appears .
But where does the content come from ?
The trend in the industry is to pull genuine voices from all over the organization , such as product teams and subjectmatter experts ; and companies scale content efforts by buying it from agencies or content marketing platforms .
You have enough content .
How do you know if it 's good enough ?
One company I work with has over 100 ( one hundred ! )
agencies creating content for it in addition to internal content teams spread across the organization .
Think about this from the customer 's perspective : What are the chances the customer will get a high-quality , consistent customer experience when there are so many disconnected moving parts ?
How can you know before you publish whether your content is going to be effective ?
One traditional way to address these challenges is to develop written branding and style guidelines for content .
These often include bold exhortations to be `` friendly , approachable and responsive , '' or `` sincere and human , '' or even `` expressive . ''
These are great high-level statements of intent , but how , concretely , can you use these ideas to decide how to write ?
How can I make them actionable ?
And how can you be sure everyone has a common understanding of how to write in a way that reflects these goals at scale ?
Many organizations devote significant effort to defining personas for their content , but here again the same issues remain : how exactly do I write differently to engage a CIO versus a CMO ?
Well ... it 's really hard .
You ca n't do it just by publishing a style guide on the intranet and hoping everyone reads it .
You ca n't just train people ( although training is a good start ) , since people forget their training , they move on—and you ca n't be training people all the time .
Fortunately , as in every other area of marketing , AI can help .
The latest advances in artificial intelligence make it possible for machines to read content and provide insights on brand and tone of voice , which allow you to scale your content operations while still staying on brand and on target .
Three things characterize an effective approach to content : goals , guidance and governance .
We 'll look at each of these in turn and explain how they work together to make your teams successful .
Setting Goals Like any other plan , nothing gives your content-creation strategy a better chance of success than writing it down .
But in doing so , make sure the goals you document are actionable .
It 's fine to start with high-level aspirations like `` be human '' ... but you have to go beyond that .
The best guides I 've seen go into rich detail about the audience .
They make clear there may be different target audiences you want to reach with your content , and they map the buyer 's journey for each segment .
Good guides also capture nuances in tone to adopt in different types of content ; you want to `` speak with one voice '' but , especially in B2B communication , you generally want blogs and social content to be lighter and more conversational than technical white papers .
Even in a B2C environment , you probably want to take a slightly different tone within different areas of your content , depending on the context .
Delivering Guidance Once you set goals , the next challenge is to get the team to follow them .
If your strategy is to send people a link to the style guide ( or worse an attachment ) , then good luck .
It wo n't work .
It wo n't work because the guidance is n't delivered in bite-sized chunks when and where content creators need it .
As writers , we need help on all aspects of what makes content effective : findability , precision , branding , tone , word choice—but only one piece at a time .
And we also need it right where we 're writing because we are n't going to go somewhere else to look for it .
It wo n't work because it 's passive—writer or editor has to decide to go and look something up .
And it wo n't work because things change .
Updating a PDF version is n't going to make a difference if everyone has the old PDF version on paper at their desks .
Even a searchable web resource that content creators refer to is n't viable because they still need to follow it , learn it all , and apply it every day .
That 's a big ask .
There are generic apps that can help with guidance , such as Flesch-Kincaid , the new editor feature in Word or the lightweight Hemingway version .
But these will only go so far since they are by their shrink-wrapped nature not designed to give advice on the intricacies of your brand and story—nor how to choose the right language to engage your target audience .
This is why Acrolinx has worked hard to fill that gap .
We focus on using our AI engine to provide you with expert guidance aligned with your goals—in nice bite-sized chunks , right in your editor of choice .
It 's like having your best editor friend with you every step of the way .
Instilling Governance The third piece of the puzzle is governance .
Governance means lots of things to different people , but it boils down to knowing what content exists , and making sure it 's doing what it 's supposed to .
The most popular content quality analytics look at the past performance of published content—but relying on post-publishing analytics is like looking in the rearview mirror .
The scoring and analytics you access before publication show not just a generic metric of content quality , but whether the content is really fit for the intended purpose .
You have to calibrate the scoring so it correlates with your post-publication scores , but once that is done you can see the future—you have a leading indicator for success .
There are great tools for measuring likely performance—Google Analytics or even generic scoring on readability—but it is hard to make these actionable without going a step further .
Making insights actionable means getting them to writers and editors , and giving them guidance on how to fix the content .
As they create ever more content , at ever increasing velocity , it is critical to be able to adapt and stay agile with the content rather than knowing what just happened .
This post was originally published on Chief Content Officer ( CCO ) .
At Content Connections 2017 , we were lucky enough to have a variety of excellent speakers .
Among them were a number of senior executives from some pretty familiar brands .
In case you were n't able to attend the conference , here 's a recap of some of our favorite presentations .
Modern Marketing for the Global Enterprise In his presentation , Scott Rosenberg , Director , Digital Governance & Operations , Digital Marketing & Media , at Intel , outlines some of the challenges facing today 's marketers .
He asks whether our shared vision for modern marketing is actually achievable .
He also challenges the notion that we need to become marketing ninjas who are highly skilled at all aspects of the discipline .
Instead , Scott suggests a better strategy is to embrace a diversity of roles and skillsets and acknowledge that we each bring something different to the table .
Scott goes on to share Intel 's story about how it 's evolved to embrace modern marketing practices .
He outlines how the company achieved executive alignment , implemented and activated an operating model , and then demonstrated the value of the effort .
Watch his full presentation to learn more .
https : //www.youtube.com/embed/y9zyO5W94Wo Chocolate , Cookies , and Content When Greisy Flores , Global Manager of Technology Training at Nestlé took the stage , she told the audience about how , like most other big enterprise companies , Nestlé is constantly changing .
In an effort to keep up with Nestlé 's rapid evolution , it 's modifying its approach to knowledge management .
Specifically , the company is turning into a learning organization that 's focused on creating , acquiring , and transferring knowledge .
Of course that 's easier said than done , when you 're a massive enterprise with 330,000 employees who collectively speak 35 different languages .
Find out how Nestlé approached this challenge and the lessons the company learned along the way .
https : //www.youtube.com/embed/mxc1rlyGssw Quality and Open Source Documents In its cloud and enterprise organization , Microsoft writes technical content in an open source environment called GitHub , where they mark their content down , not up .
In this presentation , Tyson Nevil , Senior Content Developer at Microsoft , talks about the challenges he and his team face .
In the technical documentation space for Microsoft Azure alone , he notes that the company has over 600 active internal authors at any given time .
And since only about 15 percent of them are technical writers by trade , there 's a huge need to provide instant , scalable quality feedback to all these contributors .
To learn more about why Microsoft 's content teams are authoring vast amounts of technical documentation in an open source model , and where Acrolinx helps , check out Tyson 's full presentation .
https : //www.youtube.com/embed/zF4cRPY6LUo If you 'd like to see any of the other presentations you missed from Content Connections 2017 , you can access them all here .
A hyphen ( - ) is a punctuation mark that 's used to connect words or parts of words : A one-night stand with a thirty-five-year-old jack-of-all-trades .
A time of self-reflection about one 's decision-making skills .
A feeling of short- and then long-term regret .
Like most punctuation , using hyphens correctly can be a tricky matter that many people never quite master .
And while it would take pages and pages to cover all of the nuances of hyphen usage , we can cover the bases pretty quickly .
Here goes : Use hyphens with compound adjectives that appear before nouns Any time you stack two or more words together in front of a noun , so that they collectively function as an adjective , you 've created what 's called a compound adjective .
Compound adjectives are generally hyphenated : He 's looking for a cat-friendly apartment .
She had a very matter-of-fact expression on her face .
The key is that those compound adjectives need to come before the noun they 're modifying .
Otherwise you do n't use hyphens : He 's looking for an apartment that 's cat friendly .
The expression on her face was very matter of fact .
And while you can use multiple words in your compound adjectives ( a hard-to-find place , a soon-to-be-forgotten example ) , you do n't want to overdo it : This is bad → An around-the-world-all-expenses-paid-once-in-a-lifetime vacation .
Last , but not least , do n't use hyphens with adverbs : Incorrect : The cleverly-disguised detective .
Correct : A mercifully short example .
Use suspended hyphens to avoid redundancy in a series Imagine you 're describing a new kind of fabric .
You could write : We 're selling a new stain-resistant , wrinkle-resistant , and odor-resistant fabric .
However , a more concise way to express the same idea is to use suspended hyphens : We 're selling a new stain- , wrinkle- , and odor-resistant fabric .
In general , do n't use hyphens with prefixes ( although there are exceptions ) Resist the temptation to hyphenate any word that starts with a prefix : Write coauthor , not co-author Write nonviolent , not non-violent Write reedit , not re-edit Having said that there are many exceptions .
Here are two rules to help you find the more common ones : 1 ) use a hyphen before a capitalized word or a numeral ( pre-Columbian , post-1970 ) 2 ) to separate two i 's , two a 's , and other combinations of letters that could easily be misread , such as anti-inflammatory , mega-annoyance , or pro-life .
Be careful when using hyphens to express age and numbers In general , hyphenate ages in both their noun and adjective forms : a nine-year-old a ten-year-old boy a thirty-four-year-old mother a group of eight- to ten-year-olds but eighteen years old seventy years of age Hyphenate numbers when written out or expressed as a fraction , but not when expressed as percentages : Q : If twenty-eight people came to the party and two-thirds of them got drunk , what percentage of them woke up with a hangover the next day ?
A : 66 percent .
Have we answered all of your hyphen-related questions ?
Maybe , maybe not .
If you really want to geek out on hyphens , check out this great reference page from the good folks over at The Chicago Manual of Style .
It goes really deep .
And , if you 're still in doubt about hyphen usage , look it up in the dictionary or , better yet , let Acrolinx help you make sure you 're using them correctly .
Lynne Truss once said `` If you still persist in writing ‘ Good food at it 's best , ' you deserve to be struck by lightning , hacked up on the spot , and buried in an unmarked grave . ''
That sounds pretty brutal , but then again as the author of `` Eats , Shoots & Leaves : The Zero Tolerance Approach to Punctuation , '' she has some pretty strong opinions when it comes to punctuation .
Of course , a misplaced apostrophe is n't a capital offense , as Truss imagines it , but she 's right in a way .
Few things irritate readers more than bad punctuation and grammar .
The problem is that grammar can be tricky .
Even the best writers can get tripped up from time to time .
Meanwhile , it 's often touch and go for everyone else .
But fear not .
In this post , we 're calling out eight common mistakes that even good writers make , so that you do n't .
Subject-verb agreement When you write a sentence , always make sure that the subject and verbs agree .
If the subject of the sentence is singular , its verb must also be singular ; and if the subject is plural , the verb must also be plural .
Incorrect : The business have paid out a record amount .
Correct : The business has paid out a record amount .
Seems pretty obvious , right ?
Yet , in more complicated sentences , writers can make mistakes .
Consider this example : Incorrect : The number of great ideas she had were staggering .
Correct : The number of great ideas she had was staggering .
In this case , the subject is number ( not ideas ) , which is singular .
Missing the comma after an introductory element You need to have a comma after an introductory word , phrase , or clause .
This not only provides a slight pause for ease of reading , but also makes the meaning of the sentence clearer .
Incorrect : In the event of a fire everyone must be evacuated .
Correct : In the event of a fire , everyone must be evacuated .
This is one of those rules that people seem to remember some of the time , but not always .
Make sure to check your copy carefully .
Confusing `` its '' and `` it 's '' `` Its '' is used to show possession .
Meanwhile , when you add an apostrophe , it 's becomes the contraction of `` it is '' or `` it has . ''
Incorrect : I think its going to be expensive .
Correct : I think it 's going to be expensive .
Incorrect : One of Berlin 's best features is it 's nightlife .
Correct : One of Berlin 's best features is its nightlife .
Missing a comma in a compound sentence When two independent clauses are separated by a conjunction ( and , if , but , or , etc .
) , then you need to have a comma after the first clause and before the conjunction that separates them .
Incorrect : The dog stole the child 's toy and the child cried .
Correct : The dog stole the child 's toy , and the child cried .
Misplaced modifiers Modifiers are words , phrases , or clauses that add descriptions to sentences .
A misplaced modifier is one that is separated from the word it logically describes .
Misplaced modifiers make sentences clunky and can cause confusion .
Incorrect : On the way to school , Jack discovered a gold man 's watch .
Correct : On the way to school , Jack discovered a man 's gold watch .
In the example above , gold is the modifier and watch is the word that it modifies .
Therefore , you want to keep the words gold and watch together .
Lack of parallel structure This is when items or ideas in a sentence are similar , but do n't follow the same grammatical pattern .
Incorrect : Sam likes to swimming , writing , and exercise .
Correct : Sam likes swimming , writing , and exercising .
Colon or semicolon ?
The colon is used to introduce , define , or explain something that comes after a clause , such as a word , phrase , or list .
A semicolon separates two clauses of equal weight , which are related , rather than writing them as two individual sentences .
Incorrect : It was 10 degrees below zero : Scott thought he might freeze to death .
Correct : It was 10 degrees below zero ; Scott thought he might freeze to death .
Incorrect : Scott knew what to do immediately ; check out .
Correct : Scott knew what to do immediately : check out .
Possessive apostrophes While apostrophes are used to show possession ( e.g. , my friend 's house ) , that 's not the case with possessive pronouns such as ours , his , hers , its , their , or theirs .
Incorrect : He told me the book was their 's .
Correct : He told me the book was theirs .
The key to good writing Grammar gives your writing clarity , meaning , and readability .
Everyone makes mistakes at some point or other , and good grammar skills do n't come naturally to everyone .
This is why it 's worthwhile giving yourself a refresher on some of the trickier rules .
To learn more about another pesky grammar issue , hyphen usage , see The Right Way to Use Hyphens .
Ca n't be bothered ?
How about letting Acrolinx do the work for you ?
That way , you can write with confidence , knowing your content is always correct .
Whether you 're a prolific blogger or just getting started , there 's a formula for creating outstanding blog posts that stand out and get results .
And , considering that two million posts get published every single day , that 's important .
If you want your blog content to cut through all that noise , it not only has to be better than your competition 's , but also interesting and compelling .
In fact , you do n't just want people to read it , you also want them to like it so much they feel compelled to share it with others .
Admittedly , pulling that off is no small feat .
But , if you follow the steps below , you 'll be well on your way to creating a blog post that 's a cut above everyone else 's .
Pick the Right Topic A great blog post begins long before your pen ever meets paper or your fingers press keys .
The process starts with picking the right topic for your post , while also trying to envision what the finished product will look like .
As you consider potential topics , ask yourself questions like : How interested will my target audience actually be in this topic ?
Do I know enough to write about it credibly ?
What sources can I use to boost that credibility and add depth and insight to my writing ?
Can I add a unique perspective to the conversation ?
How does writing this particular blog post fit into my overall content market strategy ?
Regardless of the topic that you wind up picking , you 'll probably come up with a number of good ideas that you ultimately discard for one reason or another .
Do n't fret — your efforts wo n't go to waste .
Keep a running list of these topics and , if circumstances change or if you come up with ways to cover them from a fresh angle , you can always return to them .
Hook Your Audience with a Compelling Headline Writing headlines that really work for your blog post is equal parts art and science .
There are a number of tried-and-true tactics , which ( ok , they 're not that scientific ) do seem to get people 's attention .
These include : Using numbers in your title ( 3 Ways to Grab People 's Attention in a Headline , 7 Reasons Why People Are Suckers for Headlines with Numbers in Them , etc . )
Dangling some click-bait in front of your readers by , for example , promising them valuable information ( The One Thing You Need to Know to Become a Content Rockstar ) Asking a question that creates a sense of urgency and compels the reader to click on your post ( Have You Made This Expensive Mistake Translating Your Content ? )
Of course , writing good headlines goes beyond following some basic formulas .
You have to be creative , too .
A creative headline can entice readers who expect to find an equally engaging and well-written post .
Knowing how much to share within the headline , and how much to withhold , is an art in itself .
After all , you want to bring readers in , not give away the whole story .
Structure Your Post for Success In journalism schools across the globe , budding reporters are taught about the upside-down pyramid approach to writing .
It begins all the way at the top with the biggest sliver : your lead .
From there , every tier becomes less important .
The idea is that the reader will be most interested in the lead and become increasingly less interested — and harder to engage — as they proceed through your post and the imaginary upside-down pyramid .
That 's exactly why it 's essential to present your most compelling points in the beginning or at least allude to them .
This is particularly true when it comes to writing B2B blog posts .
Most people wo n't be reading your blog post about your company 's widget just for fun .
They 're looking for specific information and , as such , are n't going to spend much time reading what you 've written .
Give them what they want early on in the post .
Once they 're hooked , you can then take your time explaining things in more detail .
Make Your Content Scannable Time-poor readers do n't actually read , they scan .
Try to make their lives easier by making your blog posts as scannable as possible .
That means avoiding dense , lengthy paragraphs and instead trying to break up your posts visually .
Use subheadings , bulleted lists , and images to help make your content more digestible .
When you do this , you 're effectively creating an informal table of contents that allows readers to quickly find the information they want .
Choose Images that Fit Your Story One of the most important steps in creating an optimally structured blog post is often the most overlooked : images .
That 's a problem because posts with images get 94 percent more views than those without them .
Not only do images provide a reprieve from the unbroken walls of text in your post , they can also support the points you 're trying to make .
If your post has a lot of data in it or is otherwise a tough read , you may be able to illustrate some of the information graphically .
Not only will that break things up , it will also help your readers better understand the concepts you 're sharing .
When choosing images for your post , try to find ones that are unique and evocative .
Cheesy images that look canned and are obviously stock tend to come across as being cheap and can undermine your post 's effectiveness .
Instead look for images that resonate with you and your brand and that you find visually engaging .
Chances are that your audience will be much more likely to click on posts with those kinds of images .
Optimize for Organic Success One of the most important things you can do when writing a blog post is to optimize it for search so people can find it .
To do so , follow these steps : If you do n't have a keyword list to start from , then you 'll need to create one .
Using a free online tool like Google 's Adwords Keyword Planner is a great way to get going here .
Embed your focus keyword throughout your post without saturating it .
The earlier a keyword appears within your post , the better .
Ideally , you should have it appear at least once within the first 50 words .
However , watch out for keyword stuffing ( using your keyword anywhere and everywhere ) , because it 's actually a negative signal to search engines .
Images can be a positive factor for SEO in a few ways .
Not only do they help with optimization when they include your keyword alternative image text , but they also typically have a positive correlation with on-page time .
This can help boost your overall organic search rankings .
Writing the perfect meta description and title tag should be your last step .
For your meta description , try not to go over 130 characters ( with spaces ) to avoid truncation .
This will also allow your full meta description to display on mobile devices .
For your title tag , keep it to 55 characters ( with spaces ) or less for the same reasons .
Want more advice around SEO ?
Check out this post for more detailed guidance .
Create Clear Takeaways and Finish Strong Even when using the upside-down pyramid , it 's still essential to wrap up your post .
At this point , your post should be full of supporting information that underpins your main point .
Once you reach the end , you should simply restate your case and draw your conclusion based on all of that information .
Be careful , though .
Your conclusion should n't be a formality .
It 's an opportunity to close your post exactly the way you want to and deliver on the promise you set from the beginning .
You typically will also want to include some kind of call to action .
That might be signing up for a free trial , downloading a related eBook , or simply reading another post .
Getting out of the Blog Fog Writing the perfect blog post can be made a lot easier with the right tool , though .
Acrolinx takes all of the guesswork out of the process , allowing you to focus on your writing .
With Acrolinx as the workhorse , your brand guidelines , copy accuracy , and writing quality will never be in question .
Take a tour of the platform today to learn more .
With linguistic quirks and ambiguities galore , the English language can trip up even the most knowledgeable native speakers .
Add writing to the mix , and… well , let 's just say , we 've all read a poorly written blog post or press release in our day .
One common error that people make when writing is using passive instead of active voice .
But what exactly is active voice ?
And why is it usually preferable to a more passive approach ?
Let 's take a look .
The Facts on Active Versus Passive Voice If you 're wondering what the difference is between active and passive voice , your first clue lies in their names themselves .
With active voice , the subject ( a noun ) performs the action expressed by the verb .
The direct object receives the action .
Steve pushed Mark into the pool .
In this example , Steve is the subject and Mark is the direct object ( i.e. , the target of the action ) .
In passive voice , the direct object gets promoted two pay-grades , and becomes the subject !
Mark was pushed into the pool by Steve .
Here , while Mark is now the subject of the sentence , he 's not really doing anything ( except having a bad day if he 's wearing a three-piece suit ) .
Instead , he 's passively sitting back , and receiving the action of being pushed into the pool .
While it 's not technically incorrect to use passive voice in your writing , we would probably all agree that the first sentence is more exciting , lively , and succinct .
In other words , it 's active .
While the second sentence tells the same story , it 's wordy , weak , and , frankly , a little flabby .
Is Using Passive Voice Wrong ?
You probably learned in school that you 're supposed to avoid passive voice at all costs .
But it actually is n't technically wrong .
In fact , there are times when it makes sense to opt for passive voice over active voice .
For example , when : You legitimately want to bring attention to the receiver of the action , instead of the ones performing the action : `` The waiter was pushed into the pool . ''
The person performing the action is unknown or unimportant : `` A cheeseburger was accidentally dropped into the pool . ''
When you want to intentionally avoid identifying the performer of the action : `` The fines for damaging the pool will be collected on Monday . ''
Passive voice is also regularly used in scientific writing to take the researcher ( s ) out of the equation .
In fiction , it 's used as a way to build tension or downplay actions .
Meanwhile , it 's also common in journalism .
( As in , `` A wave of pool-related incidents was reported at the local country club . '' )
3 Tips for Active and Passive Writing When it comes to choosing between active and passive voice , keep these three tips in mind : 1 .
Trim the Fat Remember , extra words make reading laborious ( something you definitely want to avoid when creating content for your customers ) and writing flabby .
Use active voice where possible to tighten and tone your content .
Think SAT Good writers take a couple of stabs at a blog post or article before it 's complete .
At the polishing stage , remember SAT — subject , action , target — and edit accordingly where possible .
Add Zombies !
Zombies ?
Yes , and here 's why .
If you 're not sure if a sentence is in active or passive voice , try adding `` by zombies '' to the end of it .
If it makes sense , your sentence is probably passive .
For example , `` The pool water was fouled ( by zombies ! ) ''
is a passive sentence .
And , if you 've been following along , you know that it 's also inaccurate .
The pool in question was actually fouled by a cheeseburger .
The Bottom Line Great writing should flow seamlessly , be clear and concise , and free from unnecessary words and confusingly long sentences .
We hope these tips help your writing stay as active as possible .
Another tip is to check out how Acrolinx can help !
We love language , and our AI content creation software is helping people create content that is more findable , readable , and enjoyable .
We can help you get rid of all of your unwanted passive voice , too .
Imagine having the power to entice potential customers on your doorstep to not only linger for awhile , but actually to come inside .
As a tried-and-true lead generation tool , eBooks are one of the most trusted content assets for not only raising awareness , but also for building and sustaining engagement .
Few types of content carry as much weight as eBooks , and for good reason .
While it takes a lot of work to create an eBook from cover to cover , the payoff can be well worth the effort .
Survey data from Demand Gen Report indicates that 63 percent of buyers are willing to provide information about themselves in exchange for an eBook .
In other words , it 's great bait to lure prospects into your lead gen funnel , while also educating and engaging current customers .
And that 's just the tip of the iceberg .
According to the Boston-based content agency , Brafton , the average deal size grows by an impressive 16 percent when an eBook is used as part of the corresponding marketing campaign .
So , now that we know why eBooks matter , let 's look at how to create ones that work .
It All Starts with Authority Would you bother to read an entire eBook if you questioned the author 's credibility ?
Of course not .
That 's an important point to keep in mind whenever you start an eBook .
To write an eBook that 's both authoritative and credible , you have to do some legwork before you ever begin writing .
That includes : Avoiding unfamiliar topics .
The old adage `` write what you know '' definitely applies to eBooks .
It 's hard to write about any topic authoritatively if you do n't fully understand it .
If , however , you find yourself with no choice but to write about a topic that you do n't really know well , make sure to find strong subject matter experts you can loop into the project .
If they 're external to your company , you may have to give them some credit for their contributions .
But , that 's a small price to pay for having solid content you know is accurate .
Try to create something original .
Research whatever topic you 're considering to make sure that it has n't been covered extensively elsewhere .
While there 's always something to be said for sharing information in your own words , ask yourself if the world really needs its 100th eBook about topic X ?
Unless you 've got a unique point of view to offer , your efforts might be better allocated to another project .
Have defined goals and a clear plan of action .
Outline your goals for your eBook and map out exactly how you plan to meet them .
What do you want your eBook to achieve ?
If you see extensive gaps , then you might want to dial them back or even consider revising your topic .
After you 've done that , develop a basic outline for the eBook and action plan for creating it .
Be sure you have all the resources you need to pull off the project in a reasonable amount of time .
Write with Clarity , Thoroughness , and Your Audience in Mind One of the key requirements for creating any successful eBook is being able to clearly explain the core ideas you 're trying to convey .
For example , if you were in charge of creating an eBook about maximizing efficiency in food chain logistics , your goal would be to detail every step involved .
You 'd also want to offer supporting data to enforce your points , firsthand suggestions and tips , and clear takeaways for the reader .
This kind of thoroughness is ultimately what readers will find valuable .
At the same time , you need to think about your audience and how to write in a way that 's compelling and will resonate with them .
To get readers engaged , it 's not just about clearly communicating practical information .
You also need to write in a way that 's interesting and engaging .
Adopting the right tone of voice is key .
Design Matters When it comes to eBooks , good layouts are essential .
Paragraph after paragraph of dense content can bore and even intimidate readers .
And while being thorough is never a bad thing , you need to keep readability in mind .
Ensure that your design showcases your content so that key ideas stand out , readers feel engaged , and your content is easy to scan .
In particular : Use images to your advantage .
When you include pictures , charts , and other visuals , it gives readers a reprieve from the monotony of text .
And , let 's not forget that some people are visual learners .
You can often better serve their interests by presenting information not just in text , but also in graphic form .
Leave plenty of white space .
You do n't want to overcrowd your pages , so make sure you leave ample white space .
It 's often not only more aesthetically pleasing , white space also serves a variety of other important functions ( which you can read about here ) .
Remember , you 're creating an eBook , not a whitepaper .
Even if it 's technical and dense in nature , you need to present the information in a way that allows readers to get through it fairly quickly while remaining engaged .
Develop Your Distribution Plan Even the most compelling eBooks require a distribution plan to reach their potential ( and your potential customers ) .
Make sure to take the following steps : Create a landing page that will help drive conversions .
You can take a look at how some of the most iconic brands are using landing pages to promote their eBooks here .
Consider all of the information you want to collect from people , or the actions you want them to take ( subscribe to a newsletter , register for a webinar , etc . )
in exchange for your eBook .
Make sure that what you 're giving them is more than worth what you 're asking of them .
Next , identify the most efficient avenues for connecting to your target audience .
Are paid ads the best option ?
Do you get sufficient organic traffic to simply send visitors to your eBook from your corporate site ?
Do you have an extensive email subscriber list that would be receptive to your new eBook ?
Are your social followers champing at the bit ?
Look at all of your available channels and consider which of them will ultimately let you achieve your distribution goals .
A good distribution plan is n't one that you slap together the day that you 're ready to publish your eBook .
If you want to get real results , you need to invest some time into thinking about how to get your content in front of as many relevant eyes as possible .
Repurpose to Maximize Your eBook 's Mileage Think you 're all done ?
Not quite .
Your next blog post , newsletter , how-to article , webinar teaser , email blast , or other piece of valuable content is only a creative-rewrite away .
Repurposed content is the lifeblood of many marketing campaigns .
Because of their ample size , eBooks offer a seemingly endless opportunity for repurposing and upcycling .
Start at your table of contents and work backwards .
Which sections would potential customers take interest in ?
Start with those parts and tailor them as necessary for the new medium you 're deploying .
Make sure to include a link back to the full eBook to help drive more downloads .
eBooks Are n't Easy , But They 're Worth It eBooks are often time- and resource-consuming undertakings .
That 's why many of them go unfinished .
But the fact is that they are worth the effort .
If you take the time to create a compelling eBook , you 'll find it keeps paying dividends long after you 've published it .
Put the odds in your favor with Acrolinx , your personal eBook editor .
Ensure that brand guidelines , copy inaccuracies , and writing quality are never overlooked .
Take a tour of the platform today to find out how Acrolinx can help ensure that your eBook copy is of the highest quality .
And if you 're looking for help finding the right tone of voice for your eBook content , download our guide : `` Watch Your Tone !
Why Your Company 's Tone of Voice Matters , and How to Get It Right . ''
Content copy is longer than ever before , but people only spend 37 seconds , on average , reading an article or blog post .
How can you take advantage of this fact ?
By making sure every character counts .
And there 's no better way to accomplish this than to recognize how to create and deliver compelling content , regardless of medium .
To help you , we 've handpicked a collection of 10 essential content blogs .
They cover some of the biggest content topics : grammar and writing , search engine optimization ( SEO ) , inbound marketing , and outbound marketing .
So without further ado , here 's our list : 1 .
Grammar Girl The quintessential user-friendly site on grammar , penned by the Grammar Girl herself , Mignon Fogarty , made a reputation out of comma splices and gerunds .
This site is an excellent source for content professionals who want to develop ( or improve on ) their grammar foundation .
Copyblogger Copyblogger specializes in supercharging content .
From the basic to the advanced , the lessons shared here — and the top-notch writing that delivers them — can make even mundane content topics exciting .
Brian Clark , a long-time expert on all things content , and the site 's founder , only further enhances its credibility .
Copypress A plentiful source on the art and application of effective copywriting , Copypress aims to unite the creative and technical sides of content creation .
Every conceivable copywriting topic gets coverage here , from copy creation for interactive mediums to writing for organic performance optimization .
I 'd Rather Be Writing Whether you believe that firsthand advice is more palatable and relatable , or appreciate smart insights on technical writing , there 's something irresistible about Tom Johnson 's I 'd Rather Be Writing blog .
True to its name , the blog is regularly updated with gobs of technical writing know-how that ranges from hyper-specific to entry-level .
So regardless of your familiarity with the subject , an article that appeals to you is right around the corner .
SEO 5 .
Search Engine Land Respected by search engine optimization specialists and non-technical readers alike , Search Engine Land is a site that 's been breaking SEO news and breaking down complex SEO topics since the dawn of the Google era .
It should be your go-to source for all things ranking-related because whenever there 's a major development in SEO , this site is most likely to cover it first .
Moz Whereas Search Engine Land typically focuses on news and technical analysis , Moz fills a niche for in-depth , instructional SEO knowledge .
Best exemplified by its Whiteboard Friday series , the site really focuses on the end users that ultimately need to understand the concepts .
Each post includes plenty of examples and avoids high-level flyovers of detailed topics .
If you want to learn about SEO , this is one site you do n't want to overlook .
Inbound Marketing 7 .
Content Marketing Institute Founded by content marketing guru Joe Pulizzi , this site regularly explores all of the concrete and nuanced concepts that make up content marketing .
From industry news to ROI-based content marketing , there 's no shortage of hard-hitting topics covered on Content Marketing Institute .
There 's a reason it was one of the earliest names in the nascent content marketing industry , and yet , has had such staying power .
The site 's continual creation of great content has been the secret to its success .
Join the newsletter or follow the site on social media to stay in the loop .
HubSpot As a leader in the inbound marketing space , you should expect a lot from HubSpot — and its blog does n't disappoint .
Everything you could ever want to know about inbound marketing has been covered here over the years .
Want the formula for writing the perfect blog post ?
You 'll find it on HubSpot 's blog .
Maybe you 're looking for something a little more technical like editing tips to improve any piece of writing ?
With such topical diversity and insights , you ca n't go wrong by adding this one to your bookmarks .
Outbound Marketing 9 .
Drip With a name like Drip , it 's hard to deny that this site is tailor-made to be a resource on the subject of email .
And there 's little lost in translation because this site truly delivers when it comes to topics like automation , campaign management , subject line creation , click-through rates , and other essential ( and unconventional ) email topics .
Whether you 've already amassed significant knowledge on email best practices , simply want a refresher , or are an all-new entrant to the channel , Drip is a worthwhile read .
Outbound Engine The Outbound Engine blog specializes in demystifying outbound strategies to help connect your content with audiences just outside your door .
This is a frill-free site that focuses on proven strategies and ROI-generating methods , which are particularly useful for those who do n't just want to understand how a particular outbound practice works , but rather , why it 'll be valuable to the bottom line .
Final Thoughts Although blogs can offer insights that are likely to help at the conceptual level , you may stand to benefit from a resource that 's designed to help at the content creation level .
To get an edge on copywriting , brand adherence , tone uniformity and more , consider Acrolinx .
Our AI-powered content creation platform is helping the world 's most recognized brands create better content .
For more on the connection between content quality and business results , download our research report , The ROI of Great Content .
Here 's a quick grammar quiz for you .
Which of the two sentences below is correct ?
Julia took Edward and I to the movies .
Julia took Edward and me to the movies .
While you might hear either of those sentences in conversation , only one of them is actually right .
Do you know which ?
It 's the second sentence .
Not sure why ?
Let 's take a closer look at these two , sometimes confusing , personal pronouns .
It 's All About Me ( or I ? )
Personal pronouns like I , me , his , she , their , and them do n't usually give writers much trouble : I had a cup of coffee before leaving for work .
( I is the subject of the sentence . )
They left me a note before leaving on vacation .
( Me is the object of the verb left . )
Where things can start to get tricky , however , is when you have a sentence with two subjects or two objects joined by the word `` and . ''
For example : The stray cat followed Alex and I / Alex and me all the way down the street .
Anna and I / Anna and me decided to go for a walk .
The good news is that there 's a simple trick for figuring out which pronoun to use .
All you have to do is remove the other person from the sentence .
When you do , it immediately becomes obvious which pronoun is correct : The stray cat followed me all the way down the street .
I decided to go for a walk .
The same then holds true when you add the other person back in : The stray cat followed Alex and me all the way down the street .
Anna and I decided to go for a walk .
So when in doubt , simplify the sentence in question and you 'll find it much easier to figure out which pronoun is actually correct .
Did you know that nearly two-thirds ( 64.6 percent ) of companies either do n't check their content to ensure it contains the right words and phrases , or they rely on editors who do n't always catch everything ?
Learn about the importance of correctly managing your company 's words and phrases in our report : Terminology Management : How Companies Use the Words and Phrases That Matter Most to Their Business
At Acrolinx , we understand the importance of language .
It helps people communicate , form connections , and share knowledge and ideas .
It also saves lives in times of crisis .
Right now in Myanmar , the Rohingya , a persecuted ethnic minority , faces a significant humanitarian crisis .
In the past two months , more than 700,000 refugees — many of them families broken by violence — have fled the region , across the border to Bangladesh .
One of the biggest challenges in delivering support is language .
Communication between aid organizations and the refugees is very difficult because translation resources are virtually non-existent among the Rohingya .
As a result , it 's almost impossible to ensure that vital information is reaching the refugees in the right language .
Translators without Borders ( TWB ) , a nonprofit organization that offers language and translation support for global humanitarian efforts , is working tirelessly to develop language capacity and resources among the Rohingya .
But funds are urgently needed to support the mission .
Acrolinx is a proud supporter of TWB and its ongoing efforts with the Rohingya refugee crisis .
If you value language as much as we do , we hope you 'll join us by donating to this very important cause .
How You Can Help $ 50 will help assess the real language needs , allowing TWB to interview five refugees and contribute that information to an ongoing and major report on language .
$ 150 will help develop an audio glossary app of common medical terms for aid organizations to use while communicating with refugees .
$ 500 trains a Rohingya or Chittagong speaker to audio translate vital messages about cholera prevention , and how to recognize waterborne diseases .
$ 1000 will train a community interpreter to work with aid organizations in the camps .
This is a desperate need right now .
Donate Now
Acrolinx is proud to be recognized among the top 100 companies that matter most in the digital content industry .
This year , more than ever , the EContent 100 winners reflect the importance of Artificial Intelligence for content .
AI is at the heart of our Acrolinx platform for content creation .
Our unique software `` reads '' your content , and helps you make it better , with fewer resources , at lower cost .
For 300+ brands , including Facebook , Microsoft , Adobe , Boeing , Google , and Philips , our technology is providing guidance and governance that helps them create higher-impact content , at-scale .
`` Congratulations to all the companies named to the 17th Annual EContent 100 .
The names on this list are as varied as the digital media industry itself , but one of this year 's standout trends was the importance of Artificial Intelligence .
Companies in every category are finding new and innovative ways to use AI to improve their products and the end-user experience .
After seeing what so many of the EContent 100 companies are up to , the judges and I ca n't wait to see what 2018 brings , '' said Theresa Cramer , Editor of EContent magazine .
Acrolinx is excited to receive this award , among so many other great companies .
It affirms our platform is making a difference in the world of content .
If producing better quality content , faster and more efficiently , is a goal for your organization , let 's talk .
I get a great feeling of satisfaction when all of my laundry is done .
The clothes are washed , pressed , folded , and put away .
Of course , things are put away in my uber-organized , structured closet .
It 's that feeling of being done with a task – sometimes a daunting task if I include clothes from all of my family members .
It 's really nice to look at the empty hampers and think , `` Ahhhh all done ! ! ''
And that feeling lingers until..well…it lingers until a few hours later , when we all have dirty clothes to wash once again .
Laundry is the gift that keeps on giving .
Just when you think you 're done , there 's more .
Terminology is the same way .
Imagine the feeling of accomplishment when you have added all of your important terms to your terminology database ( or word list if that 's your method of choice ) .
Every word properly spelled , usage rules defined , preferred terms and disallowed terms linked , and so on .
For some of my customers , this is an enormous task .
I work with customers who have ten thousand , twenty thousand , even thirty thousand or more terms .
Configuring each and every one is neither quick nor simple .
Imagine fastening each and every button on each and every shirt , skirt , sweater , and pair of pants that you own .
Terms are like that .
When we finish a terminology project , we rejoice .
Champagne is popped .
We cue the Snoopy music .
We dance around the conference room .
And then , maybe not the next day , but certainly within the next month or two there are new terms .
Perhaps you 've purchased a company .
Or , maybe you have a new product to launch .
Or a new brand .
Or , like so many companies these days , your marketing department has made up 6 or 7 new words that are not in the dictionary .
Just when you think your terminology is finished , you have more .
My point is that terminology never – ever – ends .
It 's never complete and never finished .
If you fail to acknowledge and act on this little tidbit , you will find that your database or word list is out of date rather quickly .
Once it is out of date , your content creators will no longer bother to use it .
They will be very frustrated because the new terms are constantly flagging as spelling errors .
Your legal department and product managers will be angry because writers are n't using the new words properly .
It is imperative that you maintain your terminology .
You should revisit it periodically , preferably on a schedule .
Depending on your company , you might need to review terms only once every six months .
Then again , a quarterly review might be more appropriate if things change quickly .
When you review terminology , make sure you look for : New terms that need to be added Existing terms that need to be deprecated Existing terms that need to be modified Of course , having a process in place for keeping your terminology fresh is helpful .
Just like you separate your whites and colors , you want to make sure you organize your terms before you toss them into the mix .
It 's also good to define a process so that content creators can suggest new terms and changes to existing terms .
If you define the process in advance , updating your database or word list on schedule will be easier for everyone .
If you have no process , your content creators will send you random words , at random times , and you will have to figure out what to do with them until you are ready to make your updates .
Or , you will never get the changes because folks wo n't know what to do with their suggestions .
Even with the best intentions , your team will inevitably misplace the updates because folks are so busy .
Do n't let your terminology sit in a damp , dark corner getting old and musty .
Instead , give it a scheduled , periodic scrubbing .
Then , your content will be fresh as a daisy .
This post originally appeared on the Content Rules blog .
To learn more about terminology management , download the free Acrolinx report : Terminology Management : How Companies Use the Words and Phrases that Matter Most to Their Business Val Swisher is the CEO of Content Rules .
She is a well-known expert in global content strategy , content development , and terminology management .
Using her 20 years of experience , Val helps companies solve complex content problems by analyzing their content and how it is created .
When not blogging , Val can be found sitting behind her sewing machine working on her latest quilt .
She also makes a mean hummus .
This Thanksgiving , people across the US will celebrate with friends and family , and express their gratitude for many things in their lives .
If you 're a content professional , you too have reason to give thanks .
Because creating and distributing modern content in 2017 is a whole lot easier than it was when the Pilgrims landed at Plymouth Rock nearly 400 years ago .
While 17th century `` content '' — think letters , journals , sermons , books , and manuals — may not bear much resemblance to the B2B content we produce today , it 's still content .
And it was a lot harder to produce and disseminate back then .
Let 's take a look at some of the reasons why you can feel thankful you 're creating content in the modern age .
We 're able to create and distribute content quickly .
While Johannes Gutenberg invented the printing press in 1440 , the Pilgrims would n't have one of their own until the 1700s .
Everything was written by hand , and manually copied if necessary .
Content creation was a long and laborious process .
Today , most of us never write anything by hand anymore , unless it 's a Post-it note .
Instead , we 're accustomed to creating content at the touch of a button , wherever we are .
Meanwhile , the Pilgrim 's letters would take months to travel back and forth to England via ship , and reading material was limited to whatever books the colonists brought with them .
In today 's instantaneously digital world , even just waiting a few seconds for something to upload seems like an eternity .
And not having Wi-Fi to enable instant communication can feel like a disaster .
We have a plethora of content formats and channels .
In the earliest colonies , messages were distributed through letters , a limited number of publications , and church sermons .
And while that worked , just compare it to the wealth of communication channels and formats today 's content professionals have at their disposal .
We consume content on our laptops , tablets , and phones .
We listen to podcasts , watch webinars and videos , read blogs , articles and emails , and , of course , we have social media .
And that 's just the tip of the iceberg .
We have facts and figures rather than gossip and hearsay .
Most people are familiar with the concept of Chinese Whispers and how facts and messages can easily be distorted as they pass through the rumor mill .
Back in the Pilgrim 's time , it was incredibly hard to verify information and identify potential `` fake news . ''
Journals published at the time presented very subjective views of the local happenings and ca n't be taken too seriously today .
You only have to look to the Salem Witch Trials to see the horrific impact of gossip , rumors , and false accusations .
Luckily , we now have a wealth of tools to help us separate the real from the fake , to back up our assertions , and provide us with accurate , informative statistics .
Twitter can show us what 's trending , Snopes dispels untrue stories making the rounds on social media , and Google can point us in the direction of reliable sources .
We can also use tools like Google Analytics to analyze and measure the results of our content marketing efforts .
By checking engagement rates , reposts , shares and likes , demographics , and much more , content professionals can make sure they 're maximizing the use of their time by creating the right content and putting it in front of the right audience , at the right time .
We benefit from greater diversity .
The Pilgrims were a deeply Puritanical society that ironically , given that they left England in search of religious freedom , did n't tolerate opposition to their religious teachings and moral code .
In short , you had to watch what you said .
Today , we have infinitely more freedom and creativity in how and what we communicate .
We have diverse voices and points of view , which leads to better , richer , more interesting content .
Apart from letters and the bible , the Pilgrims ' only reading material was the limited number of books they brought with them .
In other words , they were content starved .
Today , by contrast , one of modern marketers ' biggest challenges is figuring out how to make their content stand out in a world where content is literally everywhere .
Counting your modern content blessings Content has certainly come a long way since the 17th century .
Modern content comes with its own unique challenges .
It has become an entire industry because it 's more plentiful , diverse , and interesting , and because you can disseminate it in so many ways .
Being thankful for modern content may not be high up on your list this Thanksgiving , but it 's certainly food for thought .
If you 're a marketer looking to use Artificial Intelligence , you 'll find a lot of hype about it , but little substance on how to actually apply it to your business .
But that 's definitely changing , thanks to the good work from Paul Roetzer and the folks at the Marketing AI Institute .
Over the past few years , they 've tested various AI solutions , implemented some for clients , and talked to solutions providers about what 's possible .
It turns out there are three important areas where AI can make a big impact for marketers : Cut down reporting time Boost ad performance Improve content marketing Check out the list of AI solutions for marketers Acrolinx is proud to be in the third use case , helping companies like Facebook and Nestle improve their content by using AI to make it better .
The Acrolinx AI platform `` reads '' all of a brand 's content , then recommends ways to improve it — in less time , with fewer resources , and for less money .
The result is high-impact content that 's on-brand and on-target , achieved by using AI to provide guidance and governance on the content , at scale .
To learn more about Acrolinx and our AI platform for enterprise content creation , check out our webinar , Acrolinx AI — Inside the Engine .
Snapchat is a marketer 's dream .
As both a messaging platform and a social network , it boasts a highly engaged community of 173 million active daily users worldwide .
While initially embraced by younger generations , as new social platforms often are , today Snapchat is slowly gaining traction among other demographics .
As a result of its growing popularity , it now generates an average of 10 billion video views every day .
And while B2C marketers were quick to take note of this powerful platform , what about B2B brands ?
If you 're a B2B marketer , should you be considering Snapchat ?
Is it a waste of time and money trying to market on a platform that 's primarily the domain of millennials and Gen Z-ers ?
The answer , as you might expect , is it depends .
Should B2B Brands Be Snapping ?
There are a number of good reasons why a B2B brand might consider branching out and using Snapchat .
Like a lot of social media , Snapchat plays on people 's fear of missing out ( or FOMO for short ) .
In fact , no one does it better because Snapchat deletes any posted content after just 24 hours .
In other words , catch it now or you 'll miss your chance .
What 's the point ?
Well , it 's a matter of playing to human psychology .
Take curiosity , FOMO , and our need for positive reinforcement ( which can be sated by viewing great content ) , add in a 24-hour ticking timeline , stir well , and you 've got the perfect recipe for keeping people coming back for more .
Not surprisingly , many large B2B organizations are already on the bandwagon .
Among others , these include General Electric , IBM , Cisco , data analytics company Dun & Bradstreet , and even NASA .
The reason is simple : Because Snapchat allows you to create content on your mobile phone in real time , it 's a way for brands to connect with consumers in an honest , down-to-earth way .
In fact , it can help even the most unexpected brands appear dynamic and fun .
And it can allow your company to shine in unexpected , attention-grabbing ways that your competition probably has n't even considered yet .
Because of its immediacy , authenticity , high engagement , and the views it delivers , you should at least consider incorporating Snapchat into your marketing strategies for 2018 .
Not sure where to start ?
Let 's explore the various types of content that B2B companies can create and share on Snapchat .
Snapchat Content for the World of B2B Regardless of the platform or channel you use to distribute it , telling a story and delivering quality information is the key to creating good , shareable content .
Snapchat , for all its immediacy , is no different .
Planning for the `` off-the-cuff '' moments below should be an important component of your Snapchat strategy .
It can be as easy as creating a working list of questions before an event , or clearly outlining with your teams the rules and regulations around what 's acceptable for sharing and what 's not .
Make Use of Your Thought Leaders Have you spent time building up your corporate thought leaders ' reputations ?
Go behind the scenes and showcase them at functions , conferences , or internal , enterprise-level events .
People love getting a glimpse behind the curtain , and Snapchat is an easy way to deliver that .
Q & As and Sneak Peeks Is your social media team innovative , brand savvy , fun , but also trustworthy ?
Then , by all means , allow them some Snapchat freedom with a series of customer Q & As or `` from the factory floor '' videos .
Or set them free on the conference room floor to record and share short guest interviews or sneak peeks of what 's next for your brand .
New Products , Trade Shows , or Other News Take advantage of Snapchat 's unique chronological sharing , and start telling your story .
Bring potential clients and customers into new product launches , test runs , or news conferences by grabbing and sharing images and video as the event moves from start to finish .
Do the same at trade shows , especially if there are well-known guest speakers from your industry presenting .
User-Generated Content Depending on your industry , encourage clients and customers to create and share industry or brand-specific user-generated content .
If it suits your business , dedicate one day a week to answer direct questions or deal with queries .
If things get awkward or a question requires an in-depth response , politely ask to take the conversation offline .
And , if you 're really worried that a Q & A might go off the rails , be sure to have your social media team standing by to manage the situation .
Snapchat : Not for Everyone , But Worth Considering Maybe you do n't feel comfortable associating your B2B brand with an application like Snapchat .
And that 's perfectly ok .
It 's an option to consider , not one that you absolutely have to use .
It may not be compatible with your brand , or you simply might not have the time or resources for yet another social media platform , particularly one you 're not sure your B2B buyers are spending tons of time on .
Fair enough , but consider this : If you do have the resources and money to dip your toe in Snapchat 's waters , it 's worth giving it a try .
B2B selling is all about building relationships , and relationships do n't get built in a vacuum .
They get built across all kinds of different touchpoints and channels .
And those `` youngsters '' on Snapchat today ?
Well , they just might be the next generation of buyers and deal makers you 're trying to reach .
And for help in selecting the right tone of voice for your Snapchat strategy , download our free guide , Watch Your Tone !
The Ultimate Guide to Developing Your Company 's Tone of Voice
Even the best writers make mistakes when it comes to using `` that '' or `` which '' in a sentence .
While both are relative pronouns , used to introduce clauses and help avoid overly choppy writing , they 're not interchangeable .
( Well , unless you 're writing in British English . )
So what 's the story with `` that '' and `` which , '' and when and how do you use them correctly ?
That Versus Which Just like adverbs and adjectives , relative pronouns modify words .
Unlike adverbs and adjectives , however , they typically modify an entire clause , rather than a single word .
Whether you use `` that '' or `` which '' depends on the nature of the clause you 're modifying .
Use `` that '' with restrictive clauses .
Restrictive clauses are necessary to help you understand the overall meaning of a sentence .
We typically modify them with `` that . ''
For example : Books that are super-suspenseful are a lot of fun to read .
In our example , `` that are super-suspenseful '' is a restrictive clause .
Remove it , and it 's unclear what types of books you 're referring to , which is essential for understanding the crux of the sentence .
Use `` which '' with nonrestrictive clauses .
Nonrestrictive clauses are ones that are n't essential for you to understand the overall meaning of the sentence .
You can remove them without really losing too much meaning .
We typically modify them with `` which . ''
For example : Books , which you can increasingly find online , are a great tool for learning .
Removing the nonrestrictive clause `` which you can increasingly find online '' does n't change the fact that the writer is saying that books are great for learning .
Rather , this nonrestrictive clause is simply adding extra information that we do n't technically need to grasp the intent of the sentence .
The Comma Trick If grammar terms like restrictive clauses and relative pronouns make your eyes glaze over , you 're not alone .
Here 's a nifty , alternative way to help you use `` that '' and `` which '' correctly .
If you would naturally put a comma before and after the clause , then it 's a nonrestrictive clause , and you need to use `` which . ''
If , however , you would n't put commas around it , then it 's a restrictive clause and you should use `` that . ''
Exceptions to the Rule There are , of course , exceptions to the rule .
Many writers will interchange `` that '' and `` which '' if repetition becomes an issue .
Take , for example , the classic `` That which does n't kill you makes you stronger . ''
Technically , it 's incorrect .
But , I think you 'll agree , `` That that does n't kill you makes you stronger , '' just sounds wrong .
Watch this space for more quick and dirty grammar tips .
And to ensure your content is always well written and optimized for success , take a tour of Acrolinx , our AI-powered content creation platform .
If you like what you see , you can talk with one of our content experts to learn more .
Slang , jargon , buzzwords .
In business , you 'll hear these terms a lot .
And while there are similarities between them , each has a slightly different meaning .
Practically speaking , that means before we can hone in on an effective approach to ( not ) using buzzwords , you need to know how they differ from these other common terms .
Here 's the skinny : Slang is informal language , and tends to refer to terms and phrases used in social groups , especially by teenagers .
Bound by geography , age , and class , slang tends to evolve quickly , much to the confusion of parents and teachers alike .
Think of words like groovy , hip , rad , dope , hot , and on fire , all of which have come into and gone out of fashion .
Jargon is language that 's used in a particular industry or art form , and is dictated by one 's personal choices and preferences — groups joined or careers chosen — and not by class , age , or geographic area .
It 's often used to convey hidden meanings and messages only those in the related arenas would understand .
In the business world , due diligence , sweat equity , and the 9-to-5 are all examples of jargon .
Meanwhile buzzwords by definition are `` important-sounding usually technical words or phrases often of little meaning , used chiefly to impress laymen . ''
These include terms and expressions like forward-thinking , synergy , and value-added .
You may have noticed that jargon and buzzwords are pretty close to being the same thing .
The difference lies in their intention .
Whereas jargon can represent a sort of `` private members club '' speaking-in-code type of language , at their worst , buzzwords are meant to show-off one 's status or knowledge , and can come across as pompous .
That said , using buzzwords is n't necessarily all bad .
They serve as useful short-cuts when communicating in the business world , and create a feeling of connection by solidifying a team environment .
At work , if you 're up on the lingo , you 're part of the in-crowd .
To Buzzword or Not to Buzzword Since buzzwords can be both bad and good , how can you tell when to use them and when it 's best to avoid them ?
Here are a few things to ask yourself when you 're unsure whether to use a buzzword when crafting your content : Is there a simpler way to communicate the idea you 're trying to convey ?
Does the buzzword add little or serve to only illustrate lazy writing ?
Will your readers understand this buzzword ?
( They very well might !
Many buzzwords and phrases have moved from the business world into the public lexicon , and can be effective when used judiciously . )
Am I only using the word to show-off or try to sound like one of the cool kids ?
Or worse , am I trying to talk above my audience ?
Conversely , if this buzzword is n't used , does that imply that I do n't really know what I 'm talking about ?
Am I 100 percent confident that I know exactly what this buzzword means ?
Using a buzzword incorrectly is a definite no-no .
It 'll make your content — and by extension your company — appear out of touch , and your credibility will suffer .
Last but not least , make sure you know whether your audience or industry likes buzzwords or loathes them .
Some groups have particularly strong feelings on the topic , so make sure to adapt your usage accordingly .
Buzzword Bingo To end , below are a few buzzwords that are definitely reaching their expiration date .
As tempting as they may be to use , try to avoid them if you can .
They 've become a bit tired and overused : Move the needle Think outside the box Leverage Drill down Take something offline Give something 110 percent Action item Get on the same page Buy-in Low-hanging fruit Happy writing !
And be sure to have a look at what Acrolinx can do to help you move the needle with your corporate content .
See what we just did there ?
Pretty bad , right ?
Just another reminder to avoid jargon in your writing !
For more information on how to gather , manage , and enforce the words and phrases — and maybe even buzzwords — that matter most to your business , check out our free report : Terminology Management : How Companies Use the Words and Phrases That Matter Most to Their Business
There 's no doubt about it .
When it comes to B2B marketing , a sound content strategy is critical .
In fact , almost 90 percent of B2B companies used content to drive profitability last year .
Not only that , but three quarters of them increased their content marketing budget , and 43 percent increased staffing levels in their content marketing departments .
What these stats suggest is that there 's an insatiable appetite for content .
And companies are under tremendous pressure to create a ton of it .
From blog posts and white papers to podcasts , videos , webinars , and more , companies need to create an endless list of content materials .
Any content professional will tell you how labor-intensive it can be to produce just one piece of high-quality content — it can take hours , days , or even months .
That being said , unless you have unlimited resources , you need to find ways to work smarter and more efficiently .
In this post , we 'll look at some creative approaches to maximizing your work and scaling your content marketing operations .
Recycling and repurposing You do n't need to start from scratch for every piece of content .
Recycling and repurposing content are the easiest ways to get the maximum return on your content investment .
There are two ways to do this .
First , before you create a piece of content , plan how you can turn it into several others .
You can potentially turn a white paper into something else ; a blog series , an infographic , or a video , for example .
When you work from this multiuse mindset , you 'll find your approach to content creation changes .
Another option is to look back at your existing content to try to give it new life .
Maybe it just needs a refresh or a new angle .
Or it could be that the information is still current , and you can repurpose it into a different format to make it feel fresh .
The idea is to work smarter , not harder , to get your content in front of as many people as possible .
Using the right technology There 's a lot of software and tech out there that can help scale your content .
Programs like Google Analytics and BuzzSumo , for example , can help you identify the best keywords for a topic , and then show you top-performing web content that uses those words .
To scale up your content , you need to start with well-written source material .
Better writing means better results .
You could have content on a trending topic , presented with a fresh new angle .
If it 's poorly written , though , you 're going to turn off your audience .
Quality content is important , and if you do n't have an editor , think about investing in an AI-driven active content governance platform .
This technology can help ensure that your content will drive the metrics that matter most to your business , in a highly scalable way .
So you can actually predict and improve the impact of your content — from anywhere in your business — before you deploy it .
Software tools can also automate social distribution based on customer profiles , and send out content at the optimum time to reach your specific audiences .
You want to deliver your content through the right channels , at the right time , to the right people .
And lastly , you can use analytics to see how your content performs post-publication , and direct resources accordingly .
There 's no point in creating and publishing specific types of content if no one is consuming them .
Having more efficient processes Having efficient and repeatable processes will save you a lot of time and effort .
Creating templates and workflows for each content format you publish will mean that people spend more time doing the work and less time figuring out how to do it .
Brand guidelines and a style guide can be invaluable tools to ensure that your message is consistent across the board .
You want to remove confusion , speed up the process , and keep your content on point .
Another good idea is to do regular content audits and inventory reports , so you can identify any missed opportunities and avoid duplication .
Scale up for greater success There 's enough pressure to create fresh and interesting content day after day .
That 's why it makes sense to get the most out of each piece of work , rather than starting from scratch every time .
When you create great content , you want to get it in front of as many of the right people as possible .
So whether you 're turning an article into a white paper , a blog post into an infographic , or a research report into a video , you 're increasing your reach and visibility , and maximizing results , while working more efficiently .
That 's a plan that should be music to every content team 's ears .
Learn how AI can dramatically improve your content performance and come away with an action plan for 2018 in our latest webinar :
When it comes to creating content — and content marketing more broadly — the rules of the game are always changing .
As technology advances and consumer expectations shift , content professionals have to adapt , or risk being left behind .
With 2018 just kicking off , I 've compiled a list of tech trends that can help every content professional .
These trends focus on how content will be created , found , delivered , and consumed in the future .
They should therefore be top of mind for everyone who uses content to communicate with their target audience .
The rise of voice search According to ComScore , 50 percent of consumers will interact with voice-activated technology by 2020 .
As voice searches increase , through devices like Amazon Echo and Google Home , how people find content , and the content they 're directed to , will change .
Voice searches tend to be more conversational in nature .
As a result , content marketers need to structure their content so that voice search engines recognize it and understand its meaning and context .
Voice searches are longer than traditional searches , with more keywords .
They tend to ask explicit questions with words like `` who , '' `` what , '' `` how , '' and `` why . ''
Practically speaking , that means there 's going to be a new focus on creating content that answers questions around high-value keywords , phrases , and topics .
As a content professional , you 'll need to understand how search engines provide answers and adapt your strategies to make your content visible and searchable across all formats .
Immersing consumers in virtual reality The rise of virtual reality ( VR ) and augmented reality ( AR ) is predicted to explode , with AR and VR spending forecast to reach $ 17.8 billion in 2018 .
Content marketers need to get on board quickly and take advantage of these new tactics for reaching consumers .
The easiest way to start is to remake existing content for 3D viewing and interaction .
However , marketers need to realize that not only are their target markets going to expect VR/AR , but that this immersive technology is incredibly valuable in creating better connections and relationships with consumers .
Sony , Facebook , and Apple have all made investments in VR and AR , and Google has even released its own VR-enabled smartphone ( Pixel ) and its own VR platform ( Daydream ) .
Just as Google penalizes websites for not being mobile responsive in its rankings , it 's likely in the future that content designed for 3D viewing will perform better from a search perspective .
Using Artificial Intelligence to curate and create better content Creating and disseminating successful content in today 's market is a huge task .
AI is improving content production by making it more predictive , personalized , and productive .
Valuable user data and machine learning algorithms are enabling content marketers to identify consumer intent and target them with relevant content at all stages of the marketing funnel .
Content marketers will increasingly use AI to quickly create high-quality content that 's on-brand , easier to translate , and whose potential performance is understood before it ever gets published .
To keep up with the pressure of creating innovative , interesting , and useful content on a daily basis , content marketers need to look at how AI can make their efforts more focused and the ROI for the content they produce higher .
Video and live streaming become essential When it comes to using video to communicate about your brand and business , the statistics are clear .
People are four times more likely to watch a video about a product than to read about it .
The average video post generates 135 percent greater organic reach than photos .
And , by 2019 , video content will account for 80 percent of all global internet consumption .
Video is an extremely powerful way to engage with customers , and they want more .
In fact , 43 percent of people want to see more video content from marketers .
In 2018 , it 's not just video production that will increase , but live-streaming will become core to online content .
Studies have shown that viewers spend eight times longer on live video than on-demand .
Content marketers will have to concentrate their efforts on creating explainers , product demonstrations and how-tos , as well as look for opportunities for live-stream events , interviews with influencers , and Q & As .
The immediate , interactive nature of live streaming gives customers the closest experience to real-life conversation .
It also creates engagement you ca n't replicate in traditional social content .
Automated chat technology The use of automated chat technology — or chatbots — has been growing quietly .
Business Insider says that 80 percent of businesses will use chatbots in some capacity by the end of 2020 .
Companies that use chatbots report higher customer satisfaction , quicker service , and higher conversions .
People like them because they offer an efficient , yet personalized service .
And , they do n't need to leave the environment of their preferred apps or download a new one .
Chatbots are n't too expensive for non-tech companies to invest in , and they can integrate with a range of messaging services .
When you consider that nearly two billion people use WhatsApp , Facebook Messenger , and WeChat , then the potential reach for marketers is huge .
If marketers want to use technology for better results , then investing in chatbots is an excellent starting point .
As a content professional , it will be up to you to figure out how to use these new channels to communicate with your audience .
Staying ahead of the pack The secret to successful content marketing is to always look at what 's on the horizon .
As consumers become more sophisticated and technology more advanced , content marketers have to constantly innovate , adopt , and adapt to survive .
With 2018 upon us , make sure you 're thinking of these tech trends and how you can take advantage of them in everything you do .
What is the impact of content quality on brand trust ?
Can you measure it ?
Does better content lead to more sales ?
Our latest research report answers these questions and more .
Everyone knows how important content is for your business .
It 's a critical tool for attracting new customers and communicating effectively with the ones you have already .
But no one seems to talk about the fact that creating great content is hard .
To learn more about the challenges that companies face in creating content — and how they overcome them — we decided to do some research .
At the end of last year , we surveyed more than 250 content professionals from around the world to find out about their content creation practices .
The respondents were mostly mid-level content practitioners working at either small businesses or big corporations like IBM , Amazon , and Mastercard .
Here 's a rundown of some of the things we learned : Content Professionals Want to Be Seen as Authoritative Experts No matter who they are or where they work , most content professionals share some common goals .
Key among them are a desire to produce content that demonstrates their company 's expertise and authority , generates leads to help drive their business forward , and helps them educate the market .
The Key to Achieving Those Priorities Is High-Quality , Informative Writing To meet these goals , content professionals think it 's important to make sure they : Have high-quality , error-free writing .
Demonstrate thought leadership and offer how-to advice or instruction .
Write with an engaging style and tone of voice .
Unfortunately , a Number of Challenges Get in Their Way Despite their best intentions , most content professionals face a variety of challenges that can limit their success .
These include factors ranging from not having enough time and resources to more systemic issues .
Fundamentally , content creators have three big hurdles to overcome : Various Factors Contribute to These Challenges A variety of issues contribute to these challenges .
For example , only 39 percent of companies said that they have enough content professionals in-house to meet their content needs .
The rest either rely on other staff who are n't professional writers , or they outsource large portions of the work to third parties .
Meanwhile , in most companies ( 63 percent ) , content creation is a siloed process .
That can lead to issues with quality and consistency .
Speaking of consistency , although 67 percent of content professionals said that their company has a corporate style guide , only 30 percent of them said it 's followed .
Meanwhile , 52 percent of respondents said their company 's tone of voice is average or weak .
What all of this suggests is that content creators do n't have it easy .
But there are still plenty of ways to be effective .
Today 's content professionals are creating better processes , relying on more people for help , and using a variety of technologies — from organizational tools through to artificial intelligence .
And many are getting results .
To get the full story , and better understand how all kinds of different companies think about content , download your copy of `` Content 2018 : How Top Business Approach Content Creation . ''
The global economy offers great opportunities for organizations that want to expand their reach and successfully grow their customer base .
However , if you 're targeting non-English speaking countries , getting your message across , and staying on-brand in another language , can be difficult .
That 's why the quality of your source content is so important .
If you 're localizing your content for multiple countries , starting with the best source content is critical .
That 's because , if your source content is n't up to scratch , the subsequent translations will be poor too .
And , you 'll end up paying more for translations , since it will be harder for translators to understand what you 're trying to communicate .
Here are some guidelines to make sure that your content is ready for translation .
Keep sentences brief and simple .
It 's important to remember the guidelines for writing in plain English when you 're creating content for translation .
You want to increase comprehension and boost readability by keeping it simple for both the translator and the eventual reader .
So , keep your sentences short — about 20 words or less .
Simplify your wording and try to keep to the point .
You 'll find there are lots of extra words you do n't need .
Reading sentences aloud will help you pare things down .
Always use the active , rather than the passive voice , so there 's less chance for confusion .
For example , you should replace `` the file should be opened and the relevant document selected '' with `` open the file and select the relevant document . ''
Using active voice also reduces the number of words that your translators need to translate and makes the message more concise .
Direct , clear , and well-constructed sentences improve the quality of your source content , making translation easier and more cost-effective .
Choose a uniform word .
While it 's tempting to vary terms you use often to improve the flow in English ( think `` manager , '' `` leader , '' `` boss , '' `` supervisor '' ) , in translation , it 's just confusing .
Identify one uniform word for nouns and concepts and stick to it .
Inconsistencies increase the time and cost of translation and over-complicate the message .
Here 's where a style guide is helpful , especially if your company uses lots of terms interchangeably to mean the same thing .
And once you 've established consistent language and terms , translation goes faster because there 's more information stored in the translator 's memory bank .
Avoid humor and colloquialisms .
Humor is extremely difficult to get right , and it very rarely translates effectively or appropriately .
The joke could either fall flat , end up as nonsense , or , worse , come off as offensive .
The best way to navigate this minefield is to eliminate it altogether .
The same goes for metaphors , idioms , and colloquialisms .
To wish someone luck in English , for example , we might say `` break a leg . ''
In Italian , they say `` in bocca al lupo , '' which translates as `` into the wolf 's mouth . ''
These are entirely different phrases that express the same concept .
Do n't assume that a well-known phrase in the US ( `` pass the buck , '' `` paint the town red , '' `` level playing field '' ) will be understood in another language , particularly if you 're relying on machine translation .
If a phrase does n't make sense , do n't use it .
An expression might help reduce word count by conveying a lot in a short space .
But , if it does n't make sense to the target audience , you 've wasted all your words , as well as your budget .
Technology can help .
There 's some great technology out there that can help you create prime source content for translation .
A content platform like Acrolinx , for example , can identify and help you remove synonyms , clean up sentence structure , and simplify meaning .
This is especially handy if you 're doing a lot of translations .
Meanwhile , your content platform can also store words in a terminology database to make sure you 're using them consistently , across all content .
You can also use authoring memory to reuse translated sentences , which can save an enormous amount of time and effort .
Keep it simple .
To achieve success in global markets , you need to be able to communicate effectively with people in their own language .
This requires good source content that 's clean , clear , consistent , and easy to understand .
Getting the right quality will save you time , money , and face from the start .
Similarly , terminology management ensures you 're using the right words and phrases consistently , across all your content .
Learn how to manage your terminology in our research report .
Case studies are one of the most important pieces of B2B content .
In this post , we 'll tell you how to write a case study that works .
According to Content Marketing Institute 's `` 2018 B2B Content Marketing Trends—North America '' report , not only do 73 percent of B2B marketers use case studies , they 're also the second most effective type of content for helping organizations meet their objectives .
Meanwhile , according to Demand Gen Report 's 2017 Content Preferences Survey , 78 percent of B2B buyers have used case studies to inform their purchasing decisions over the past year .
That 's more than any other content type , and up from 72 percent in 2016 .
Case studies are effective because they give your prospects and customers insights into using your product or service .
They also highlight the types of results they can expect .
Perhaps most importantly , they 're an opportunity to see how other companies use your product or service — companies they may know or identify with because they 're trying to overcome the same challenges .
But that 's not all .
Other benefits of case studies include : Opportunities for audience and keyword targeting Detailed information sharing about your product and services Giving readers a clear call to action to spur them down the path to purchase How to Create Case Studies That Work While the need for good case studies may be a no-brainer , actually creating them can be a bit more challenging .
If you 're asked to develop one , you have two choices .
The first is to outsource the job to a freelance writer or agency .
Depending on who you decide to work with , you could spend anywhere from a few hundred to several thousand dollars .
The average cost is typically around $ 1,000 .
Your alternative is to write the case study yourself .
And while that may seem like a daunting challenge at first , with some practice and experience , it will only get easier and you 'll likely get better results .
That 's because as someone who works for your company , you know your business much better , and are in a position to help readers understand the value you 've created for your customers .
To create a great case study , think about it in four parts : A compelling headline that catches people 's attention A short synopsis that draws readers in The body copy , which should answer these main questions : What problem did your customer face that you helped solve ?
Why did the customer choose you ?
How do you address the problem ?
What results did you get ?
A conclusion that reiterates the value you provided and includes a clear call to action .
In the process , remember that you want to both demonstrate credibility and tell an interesting and compelling story .
That means you need data to show your results and a narrative that brings the experience to life .
If you can do that , you 'll be well on your way to creating a case study that helps convert your prospects into satisfied customers .
Want more specific guidance on how to develop killer case studies that work ?
Check out our comprehensive `` Guide to Creating Compelling Case Studies That Drive Sales . ''
It has everything you need — from a planning worksheet to interview questions and a checklist .
As a content professional , you know the importance of great content .
You understand its value for attracting , engaging with , and retaining customers .
And while in an ideal world , we 'd produce perfect pieces of content all the time , in reality , this does n't always happen .
Earlier this year , we surveyed more than 250 global content professionals .
We asked them about the challenges they face in creating content .
Nearly a third said their number one challenge is a lack of resources .
Interestingly , this was true for both companies with lean budgets and those with significant dollars to spend .
A lack of time was the second most commonly cited challenge , followed by issues with content consistency .
So , what do the best companies do to address their content challenges ?
Let 's take a look and see .
Tackling challenges head-on What our research showed is that smart companies have a few trusted techniques for improving their content creation efforts .
While the most common solution is to enlist more staff members for help , that 's not always an option .
What companies really need is to work smarter .
They need to become more focused and efficient , by taking advantage of the best tools and techniques .
A quarter of content professionals said that they were adopting technology to address their content challenges .
Almost half of them are using content creation and optimization software , followed by organizational tools , and artificial intelligence .
Underscoring this point is recent research from The Content Marketing Institute .
It found that 25 percent of B2B and 28 percent of B2C marketers are benefitting from content marketing tools and technologies .
Tools of the trade Popular collaboration and project management software like Trello ( now Atlassian ) , Asana and Wrike , for example , align teams via knowledge bases , task assignments , and milestone reports .
Website analytics tools like Parse.ly track the performance of specific writers and topics and help you take advantage of current trends .
Social media management tools like Sprout Social allow you to schedule , publish , and analyze social media posts across several platforms .
And , if you need help with editorial calendar planning , AirTable could be the right solution .
Content creation and optimization software is also growing in popularity .
Acrolinx , for example , uses artificial intelligence to `` read '' your content , score it , and guide your writers to improve it .
In addition to fixing the basics like spelling and grammar , it also makes your writing more concise , lively , and in line with your company 's unique tone of voice and style guidelines .
Getting your content right the first time makes your content creation process more efficient .
It also ensures that every piece of content you produce is consistent and high quality .
Focus on the future Some of the best and most experienced global companies have increased the quality and efficiency of their content marketing with the right tools .
To learn more about how today 's leading content professionals approach content , check out our new report .
Siemens uses Acrolinx technology to produce clear , customer-oriented documentation in its Power Generation Services division .
The AI-powered Acrolinx platform helps technical writers ensure consistent style and terminology throughout their extensive manuals .
That way , Siemens ' customers can understand and follow instructions in a time-efficient manner .
A clear and well-structured documentation is imperative for Siemens and its customers who build Siemens ' power plants and components .
Ambiguous component names , or assembly processes that do n't work as described in the manual , can cause costly delays on construction sites .
AI-Based Governance for Efficient Content Creation With integrations for all common authoring tools , Acrolinx supports technical writers directly in their own working environment .
AI-based guidance provided by Acrolinx can often be implemented with just one click .
Additionally , writers receive concrete tips on how they can change the text to meet Siemens ' specific requirements .
This setup has made the work of technical writers and translators even more efficient .
`` When comparing the old and the new system , the impact is obvious , '' says Michael Straeter , Project Lead Technical Communication , Power Generation Services at Siemens .
`` We write more economically ; we write less and we reuse content more often . ''
Quality Becomes Transparent Together with suppliers and Siemens ' Global Translation Service , Straeter and his team work on developing and implementing a clear and comprehensible language .
`` We all have to adapt to a new audience , '' Straeter explains .
`` We also have to write manuals for customers we ca n't talk to in person .
To be understood , we have to stick to certain rules . ''
Acrolinx makes it easy to pinpoint poor content quality by providing specific examples and analytics .
`` We can use Acrolinx to analyze content from our suppliers and tell them : ‘ This is your information structure , your terminology , and your style – and that 's how we want your content to look . '
The quality of information becomes more transparent that way . ''
To learn more about how Siemens uses Acrolinx , download the full case study .
English is a complicated language .
What we gain by having nouns without gender assignments , like French and Spanish , we lose with our confusing spellings , pronunciation changes , silent letters , and irregular verbs .
Today , we 're going to look at a common mistake that everyone has made at some point : confusing the use of there , their , and they 're .
Homophones Are Us Homophones are words that we pronounce the same , but that have different meanings and/or spellings .
Too , to , and two are homophones , as are flower and flour .
And , of course , so are there , their , and they 're .
And while homophones sound the same , we definitely do n't use them the same way .
Get them wrong , and you look like you do n't know what you 're doing .
And people wo n't hesitate to point that out .
What 's the Difference Between There , Their , and They 're ?
Here are the hard and fast rules for using there , their and they 're , as well as the differences between them : There is an adverb , and it 's generally used to indicate a place or a direction : It sure is hot out there on the patio !
We are going over there .
Their is simply the possessive form of they and indicates ownership : Their tools were left all over the shop floor .
When they heard their names called , they went to the lost and found .
They 're is the contraction of `` they are '' as in : They 're looking for a new house .
To sum things up , there refers to place or direction , their refers to ownership , and they 're is a contraction .
If you can remember those three simple guidelines , you 'll be well on your way to error-free writing .
Ca n't be bothered to learn all the rules of writing ?
Why not let Acrolinx help you create perfect , error-free content every time .
Although you might not realize it , your company probably uses some form of content governance .
You may have certain processes and guidelines in place that you follow every time you create and publish your content .
For most companies , however , that 's just their way of doing things rather than a deliberate approach designed to get the best results .
In other words , it 's just passive content governance .
And while that certainly can be helpful , the reality is that if you want to super-charge your content , you need to embrace what we call Active Content Governance .
What is Active Content Governance ?
Active Content Governance is a framework for content creation that promotes alignment and clarity , streamlines processes , and sets you up to produce measurable , quality content .
Everyone involved in the content process can lean on its structures for support , guidance , and efficiency .
Practically speaking , it 's about building a multistep , automated process into your content machine .
When content is written , it 's analyzed by a sophisticated Artificial Intelligence algorithm to check if it matches with predetermined guidelines .
If something is off , it guides writers to make corrections .
The result is content that 's more accurate , clear , and on-brand .
And , since it requires less human intervention , it frees up editors to focus on higher value work .
Active Content Governance also brings transparency to the process of content creation , making it easier to identify issues , gaps , and challenges , and ultimately eliminate them .
It also allows people to collaborate more effectively , and adds structural components that allow for automation , scalability , and repeatability .
Ensuring consistency and brand alignment When it comes to content creation , consistency matters .
Rather than letting your writers write whatever they want , however they want , Active Content Governance points them in the direction of your brand , your words , and your tone of voice .
This gives content creators with different points of view and different writing styles , and who speak different languages , the ability to collaborate more effectively .
The result is better content .
That 's important because no matter if you 're a small business or a massive global enterprise , you want all of your content to be on-brand and written in your company 's unique tone of voice .
Active Content Governance employs proactive rather than reactive systems to eliminate issues with tone and style early in the process , saving time and money further down the line .
That 's a good thing because the earlier a piece of content can be considered correct , accurate , on-voice , and on-target , the less time it will take to edit , and the less likely it will be to cause delays .
Improving quality and reducing editing time The problem with passive governance is that it relies heavily on teams being motivated .
There is n't any standard mechanism for them to rely on to deliver quality content , and nothing to support new additions to the team .
By contrast , the active governance approach provides standard tools and guidelines designed to eliminate quality issues early on in the process .
So rather than having to assess for themselves if a piece of content is ready for review , that decision is made automatically .
Developing a definition of `` done '' is critical to practicing Active Content Governance .
Setting a standard level of content quality that all content is measured against means that , in the best case scenario , all content meets the quality bar set by management .
In the worst case , no content is embarrassingly flawed .
And when content is truly ready for review , the focus is on what the words say and mean , and improving the overall quality , rather than correcting basic issues .
Providing guidance to writers Content managers know that part of their job is to develop a brand voice , leverage strategic messaging and terminology , and a tone that represents and differentiates their organization in the marketplace .
And while they may spend a lot of time and energy identifying their brand voice , when it comes to educating their writers , managers are n't always good at documenting and communicating guidelines .
They might hold meetings , send out emails , or even produce a formal style guide , but these practices are n't very practical or reliable .
Instead of time-consuming training and ineffective means , with Active Content Governance the rules are integrated into the writing process from the start .
By going beyond correcting spelling and simple grammar to providing guidance on clarity , consistency , style , tone of voice , and brand compliance , every writer delivers content that 's aligned with their company 's voice .
Saving time and money It 's also worth pointing out that any content that you produce using Active Content Guidance is repeatable and scalable .
Writers do n't have to reinvent the wheel every time they create similar pieces of content .
Real-time , in-line guidance available to all writers ensures content is clear , on-brand , and consistent , and that it does n't have to go through endless reviews .
Plus , on-brand , in-voice content gets published quicker , is easier to translate , and gets repurposed faster .
Is Active Content Governance Right for you ?
When you consider all of the benefits of Active Content Governance , the business impact becomes undeniable .
By actively taking control of your content production , you can take your content machine to the next level .
To find out more about Active Content Governance , watch our on-demand webinar .
If you 're a writer , you know how much work goes into hitting deadlines and delivering copy your client or boss will love .
And , if you have n't used any of the amazing tools available to help make the writing process easier , maybe it 's time to start .
Here 's a sample of 16 hot writing tools , grouped by function , with our thoughts on why you should consider using them .
Brainstorming and Idea Creation Depending on your line of work , the days of in-person brainstorming or water cooler chatter are behind us .
Even if you work in-house , that looming deadline might not allow much time for good old-fashioned brain-picking .
Fortunately , these tools can help you come up with great ideas .
Google Trends Google Trends is a free tool that shows how often people enter a particular search-term `` relative to the total search-volume across various regions of the world , and in various languages . ''
Simply type in a keyword or phrase , and get results that show you how that term or phrase is trending over time .
It 's important to note , however , the results are n't ranked , and the top result is n't necessarily the most popular keyword or phrase .
Soovle If Google 's search results are too limiting , try Soovle .
Also free , and similar to Google Trends , it searches the web more widely to include YouTube , Bing , Yahoo ! , Amazon , Wikipedia , and Answers , as well as Google .
It 's bound to inspire on any topic .
Portent Portent 's Content Idea Generator is a lot of fun , as it sometimes provides titles that are pretty out there .
And , yes , this free tool is simple to use .
Just enter any word , and it generates a headline for you .
It may be a crazy headline , but it 's a headline nonetheless .
And sometimes a little crazy is exactly what you need to get those creative juices flowing .
When we typed in the topic `` content marketing , '' for example , the result was `` 20 Unexpected Ways Content Marketing Can Give You Better Hair . ''
Is there an exciting blog post on that topic in your future ?
Capturing and Organizing Ideas We 've all been there .
An idea hits you , and when you try to recall it later , well , you know what happens… For the life of you , you just ca n't remember the details .
The goal with these tools is to help you capture and organize ideas in one handy place .
Bear Writer Bear Writer is a free ( or , depending on your needs , paid ) note-taking app for Mac that 's perfect for meetings or conferences .
It allows you to take detailed notes , format text , and export content to PDFs .
The best part ?
You can add hashtags to paragraphs — example : # idea — and find all your ideas with a quick search .
Trello Trello is a fantastic , free project management and idea-organizing tool that helps simplify your editorial flow .
It 's a great , collaborative tool for bringing order to your ideas .
Team members can also drop their ideas , links , and research onto your Trello board .
Working with a weekly content schedule ?
Simply drag and drop the weekly content ideas and push them to your `` to-do '' list .
Evernote Evernote is a cloud-based software service designed to be a complete virtual filing system , storing all types of media .
You can screenshot images , clip or bookmark from the web , add notes to file attachments , and much more .
It syncs with all your devices , both iOS and Android , and comes in free and paid versions , depending on your needs .
Headline Analysis and Generators Your headline is the most important part of your content .
In fact , while eight out of ten people will read a headline , only two out of ten will bother reading any further .
That 's a sobering statistic and one that highlights why having tools that can help you create better headlines is such a good idea .
Fat Joe Fat Joe is a user-friendly blog title generator , with a twist .
Not only does it provide `` click-sexy '' blog titles , while giving you the option to generate more , it 's also a content-writing service .
So , no matter if you 're looking for headline help , or writing help , Fat Joe could be just the tool for you .
CoSchedule CoSchedule is a paid content scheduling tool that includes a headline analyzer to help you tweak things like word balance , character and word count , and keywords .
It will also tell you if your headline is too long .
Thrive Headline Optimizer The Thrive Headline Optimizer is a WordPress integration that allows you to do A/B split testing over time .
The ability to test and track your titles for clicks , time spent on page , and overall engagement helps you fine-tune and improve your headlines .
Voice to Text Applications We like to recommend that people write the way they speak .
Conversational tone is often the best received style of writing , and explains why voice-to-text applications are gaining ground as required writing tools .
Whether mobile or desktop , here are some options for hands-free content creation .
Google Voice Typing Google Voice Typing is a free tool that allows you to perform almost any task in Google Docs virtually hands-free .
Create bullet points and bulleted lists , italicize , bold , underline , delete , and more using 100 plus voice-commands .
It also supports multiple languages , from Armenian to Urdu , paying special attention to the uptick in mobile adoption growth , in regions like India and Africa .
Gboard Gboard , another free Google product , is a powerful mobile typing tool for iOS and Android that doubles as a voice-to-text application .
Simply press and hold the spacebar , and you can dictate to your heart 's content .
Dragon Naturally Speaking Dragon Naturally Speaking is a speech recognition tool for desktop users .
Said to have a higher degree of accuracy than Google or Siri , this software lets you fast-track content creation by developing shortcuts and using machine learning to adapt to your needs .
The program supports a range of industries , recognizing terms and acronyms in areas like healthcare , legal , law enforcement , and small business .
There 's also an app version for mobile use , and prices vary depending on the scope of your requirements .
ListNote ListNote is an android application perfect for quick note taking .
You can categorize and color-code your thoughts for easy searching , and share them via Twitter , text , and email .
With its `` Time to Breathe '' feature , voice to text does n't stop during a long pause , and individual notes can be password protected .
This is an invaluable add-on if you 're dealing with sensitive information .
Distraction-Free Writing From pop-ups to pings , messaging to email , today 's content creators live in a world rife with distractions .
Even our writing platforms tend to be riddled with features ; comments and formatting sidebars , tabs and tables , and so on .
Most of us do our most innovative work without these diversions , which is why distraction-free — or minimalist — writing tools are on the rise and worth a look .
Ulysses Ulysses is a subscription-based , Mac-only writing application suitable for all types of content creators .
It has a powerful set of features with a clean , distraction-free user interface .
It syncs seamlessly between Mac , iPad , and iPhone , and allows you to write anywhere .
Its touch ID/password protection options provide extra security for your content .
OmmWriter Not surprisingly , considering its name , OmmWriter provides a Zen-like experience while you write .
Mac and PC compatible , OmmWriter opens in full-screen mode , with its blank slate enhanced by soothing visual backgrounds and color schemes , ambient sound audio tracks , even the sounds of actual typing .
Do n't expect to do a lot of detailed formatting in this software , but if you 're looking for `` white noise '' writing , this could be for you .
Last , But Not Least Ok , we 've saved the best for last , with an application often referred to as `` The World 's Scariest Writing App . ''
Suffice it to say , it 's not for the faint of heart .
Write or Die The opposite of distraction-free writing , Write or Die will definitely motivate you , and can help anyone overcome writer 's block .
By inflicting punishments .
Set your word count goal , your time limit goal , and your consequences .
If you do n't hit your goals , be prepared to face a range of punishments , from a scowling cat 's face to terrifying spiders to the dreaded Kamikaze — where your words are literally `` disemvoweled '' — which is just as catastrophic as it sounds .
Of course , we would be remiss if we did n't mention what we do here at Acrolinx .
Need help creating and optimizing your content , so it 's more findable , readable , and enjoyable ?
That 's what we specialize in .
Take a quick tour of our platform to learn more .
The band Vampire Weekend is known for one of its hits in which lead singer Ezra Koenig sings the refrain , `` Who gives a * & ! # about an Oxford comma ? ''
As it turns out , Ezra , quite a few people do .
The Oxford comma , or serial comma as it 's sometimes known , is used before the `` and '' in a list of three or more things .
For example , in the sentence `` I like dogs , cats , and rabbits . ''
It earned its name because it was traditionally used by printers , readers , and editors at Oxford University Press .
And while this may seem like a pretty benign topic , it 's hotly contested among many writers .
In 2011 , when it was incorrectly reported that the Oxford comma had been deleted from the Oxford University Press style guide , there was uproar .
It was n't true , of course .
Instead , it was the university 's branding team who 'd dreamt up a new ( misguided ) guide of their own .
No other punctuation mark elicits such passion or division among writers and editors .
In essence , its usage is stylistic , so it 's really up to you whether you use it or not .
Journalists , ever concerned with space and brevity , barely give it the time of day .
While you 'll find it in the Oxford University Press style guide , you wo n't find it in the Associated Press .
Proponents of the Oxford comma make the fair point that it provides clarification .
Consider the following sentence : `` This book is dedicated to my parents , Beyonce and Jay Z . ''
Without the Oxford comma , it implies the writer 's parents are Beyonce and Jay Z .
With the comma , it 's clearly a list : `` This book is dedicated to my parents , Beyonce , and Jay Z . ''
Those who oppose it , however , say you can avoid confusion by simply rephrasing the sentence : `` This book is dedicated to Beyonce , Jay Z and my parents . ''
The use of the Oxford comma so far has n't been a matter of life and death .
But , in a case that had grammarphiles the world over pinned to their seats in 2017 , a group of truck drivers in Maine won a class-action lawsuit because the lack of the comma made part of the state 's overtime laws too ambiguous .
So , whether you 're a fan or not , the Oxford comma is n't going away anytime soon .
But in the words of author Lynne Truss ( who wrote Eats , Shoots & Leaves ) , `` There are people who embrace the Oxford comma and those who do n't , and I 'll just say this : never get between these people when drink has been taken . ''
To learn more about what content professionals care about when it comes to content in 2018 , download our latest report : '' Content 2018 : How Top Business Approach Content Creation . ''
If you 're in charge of creating business content , you might occasionally find yourself in need of inspiration .
That 's particularly true when the demand for content is high , and you need fresh ways to deliver the same messages or cover the same topics .
Unfortunately , even if you find yourself feeling uninspired and out of new ideas , you 've still got deadlines to meet and content to create .
So , if you 're a content professional who 's struggling to find new ideas , what can you do ?
Giving yourself an injection of creativity is a good strategy to consider .
It might help inspire you to find new ways to approach your own content .
Let 's take a look at some ideas you can try .
Feed Your Brain Your brain needs fuel for inspiration , so it makes sense to consume a variety of materials to get the ideas flowing .
And , importantly , those materials do n't have to be related to the task at hand .
When the content you 're writing is confounding you , try taking a break and reading a book , watching a movie , or listening to a podcast .
TED talks , in particular , are great brain food — not to mention inspiring .
There 's even a TED talk playlist especially designed to kickstart your creativity .
Taking your mind elsewhere will give you the headspace you need and allow new ideas to develop .
Get out of the Office It 's amazing what a change of scenery can do for your creativity .
No matter how great your office space is , there are times when you 'll get stuck in a rut and feel like you need to reset .
Changing your environment exposes your brain to new stimuli , which can lead to more innovative thinking .
Whether it 's a walk around the block , a trip to the local coffee shop , or sitting in a park , getting out of your work bubble — even if only for a little while — can pay big dividends .
Play a Game Studies show that playing video games can have a positive effect on a person 's creative processes .
Games often require critical thinking and those that offer challenges prompt you to think in different ways .
Whether it 's Candy Crush or Minecraft , The Sims or Tetris , pause and focus your full attention on a fun task for a while .
Even while you 're busy playing the game , your brain will be working in the background , coming up with creative solutions to your content needs .
Keep Notes and Files for Future Reference Imagine having a resource full of great ideas and inspiration every time you need it .
Creating one is n't hard and you 'll be thankful you have it every time you get stuck .
Whether you use an old fashioned notebook or an app like Evernote , every time you see an interesting article or blog post , web page , book , or topic , bookmark it and save it for later .
Just skimming through your lists can spark a fresh idea when the well has run dry .
Listen to Classical Music Research has proven that certain types of music can enhance creative thinking .
Einstein , for example , credited listening to Mozart with stimulating his creative thinking .
Not all music will do this , but scientists have found that listening to happy music when you 're working can give you a creative boost .
Classical music — particularly works that are positive and energetic such as those by Vivaldi — appear to produce the best results .
So get out the noise-canceling headphones and start exploring the world of classical compositions .
Kick Start Your Creativity Even the most seasoned professionals struggle from time to time with the pressure of creating interesting , fresh content every day .
Rather than trying to force your brain to comply when inspiration is thin , try some of these easy ways to get your mind back on track .
You 'll be happy you did .
To learn more about creating delicious business content — the kind that sets you apart and helps you meet your business objectives — download The 9 Ingredients You Need to Create Better Content
When a company scales up its operations , it faces a host of challenges , not the least of which is how to maintain the quality and consistency of its content .
For VMware , a company that provides virtualization and cloud infrastructure solutions and employs more than 22,000 people , this was a huge obstacle .
That 's because it has over 120 technical writers who support its more than 400 releases a year .
To maintain the quality and consistency of the materials associated with those releases , the company had to rethink its approach to content .
The Need for Change Historically , VMware had five editors who were responsible for reviewing all of its technical content .
But coping with the huge volume of technical documentation the company produced simply was n't possible .
In fact , when VMware director of content strategy and operations Laura Bellamy reviewed the data , she found that the company 's editors were reviewing less than one percent of the documentation its writers were producing .
Further complicating things was the fact that there was a lot of volatility within the editorial team .
Editors were coming and going , lots of new writers were being added through business acquisitions , and the company was relying on a variety of contractors and temporary workers to get things done .
Training and onboarding new employees and getting them up to speed was n't only time-consuming , but also a real business risk .
That 's because as the company became more efficient , its cycle times for releases were shortening — from 6 weeks , to 4 weeks , to a current average of two .
Occasionally , VMware even has a product that deploys twice a day .
As such , it needed to quickly adapt its editorial processes to keep up with this relentless cycle .
Plus , because VMware 's existing approach was n't scalable , it also did n't yield any additional value .
There was no way , for example , to assess the overall quality of the company 's content across the entire enterprise .
The good news is that it all began to change when the company started using Acrolinx to de-risk its content , distribute its talent more effectively , and access current data about its content to inform its business decisions .
Empowering Editors and Authors Trying to have human editors review all of VMware 's content was a recipe for failure given the volume of content in question .
By automating much of that work with Acrolinx , the company has been able to relieve its editors of the burden of making day-to-day repetitive corrections .
Instead , the company has been able to redeploy them to focus on higher-value activities , such as taxonomy , classifications , training better writers , and successfully onboarding new team members .
`` There 's a lot of ways you can use editors once you free them from trying to cover that scale , '' says Bellamy .
Beyond just greater efficiency , using Acrolinx has also led to impressive results : 73 percent of the VMware employees who have used the software say it 's helped them improve the quality of their content , while 60 percent say it 's made them more efficient content creators .
Acrolinx as a Risk-Management Tool In terms of speed cycles , Bellamy sees Acrolinx not just as an editorial tool , but also for risk management .
Using Acrolinx , she and her team can easily identify pieces of content that do n't meet their quality threshold , and then alert managers so they can address any issues .
Automation speeds up the editorial process and allows editors to focus on the content that needs the most help .
That way , instead of allocating time to improving content that scores relatively well , they can focus on the pieces that need the most attention , and thus better apply their resources .
`` It really helped focus resources and attention on improving the content quality where it will have the most impact , '' says Bellamy .
`` Acrolinx ensures we have a minimum level of quality verified before content goes out the door .
And it helps us in emergency situations where you need to write it today and publish it by the afternoon . ''
Data Collection Reporting and Transparency A common problem for content managers is justifying their budget and their need for resources .
General managers and business leaders need data to back up these decisions , and content managers have to provide it .
VMware needed a data mechanism to measure results at a business unit level .
It also needed the ability to slice and dice data according to its business reporting needs .
Acrolinx Analytics are fundamental to proving that content teams are doing a good job and attaining additional resources and funding .
Real-time dashboards with data on content results ensure transparency , and are available to everyone in the company .
`` We needed to figure out a way to get a quantitative report on quality .
It needed to be in real time since business leaders want to know what you 're doing now , so business decisions can be made right away , '' says Bellamy .
Acrolinx meets that need .
Technology Driving Strategy VMware 's mission and charter is to `` Enable , Empower , and Enrich . ''
By enabling its writing teams , and empowering them with data , analytics , and reporting , the company has been able to enrich its customer experience .
Plus , by using Acrolinx data to drive its strategies at a high level , it has been able to evolve and scale up , while improving its brand voice , consistency , and business efficiency .
To learn more about how VMware is using Acrolinx to empower its content creators , watch Laura Bellamy 's full presentation :
With demand for high-quality content skyrocketing over the last few years , content creators are under more pressure to deliver the goods .
More than 90 percent of B2B marketers plan to use content marketing in their campaigns in 2018 , while 75 percent say they 'll be increasing their investment in it .
Unfortunately , much of that investment could be wasted if you 're not focused on improving the efficiency of your content creation processes .
That 's because inefficiency can impede your ability to create enough high-quality content .
And yet , in our recent report , `` Content 2018 : How Top Businesses Approach Content Creation , '' we found a staggering 66 percent of content professionals say that their content creation is n't as efficient as it should be .
That 's compared with just five percent who report they 're highly efficient at content creation .
The question is why does that matter ?
Why Efficiency Is Important As businesses scale up their content marketing efforts , content creators are finding it harder to keep up .
A lack of resources is a common problem , but inefficient processes can be far costlier and more damaging to content marketing efforts .
In fact , one study found that midsize and large B2B organizations waste an estimated $ 958 million each year on inefficient and ineffective content marketing spend .
That 's $ 0.25 of every dollar spent on content marketing sacrificed to inefficient content operations .
On the other hand , those organizations that are experts at efficiency produce two times as much content as everyone else , and they do so 163 percent faster using the same volume of resources .
Figures like these speak for themselves : It pays to work smarter , not harder .
The Factors That Contribute to Inefficient Content Creation Poor processes are always going to be one of the biggest factors in a business producing content inefficiently .
If the process is unclear , not standardized , or has too many steps , it 's going to take a lot longer for content to get to market .
Likewise , if the quality of the writing is poor .
Editors are a valuable commodity , but it 's a waste of their time to be correcting basic grammar and spelling mistakes when they should be concentrating on the quality and meaning of the message .
Plus , if a piece of content has to be reviewed and edited multiple times , it can easily get bottlenecked .
Translation is another sticking point for inefficiency .
You often see near-identical pieces of content translated repeatedly , wasting time and money ( and often with varying results ) .
Likewise , with writers starting with a blank page instead of using a template .
Instead of repeatable , scalable processes , too many companies get trapped in a cycle of having to reinvent the wheel every time they create content .
That 's simply inefficient .
What Companies Can Do to Become More Efficient To achieve your goals , you need to know what you 're doing , how you 're going to do it , and why .
That 's why a content strategy is so important .
Our new report underlines this clearly , finding that content professionals who have a documented strategy are 65 percent more likely to create enough content to meet their business objectives .
To create efficient content , you must have standardized , documented processes that everyone involved follows closely .
Managing workflow by clearly identifying the steps a piece of content goes through , milestones to pass , and who the approvers will be , are key ways to streamline and simplify the process , while also giving creators valuable confidence , support , and guidance .
Finally , you need the right tools for the job .
While content professionals say that documented processes are the most important factor in efficient content creation , almost 60 percent agree that using the right technology is vital .
Leveraging new technologies , such as content creation and optimization software , organizational tools , and Artificial Intelligence can have a huge impact on the speed and accuracy .
Acrolinx , for example , provides content optimization technology that uses AI to help create high-quality content at scale and eliminate problems with content from the start .
Simple Changes Make a Difference If your content creation is inefficient and demand for content keeps increasing , it can lead to serious problems .
You 're going to wind up sacrificing quality , quantity , or worse yet , both .
Luckily , there are some simple steps companies can take to start getting their content creation back on track .
Rather than panicking and hiring more staff or compromising your output , making simple changes to how your business operates can ensure you get the most out of your precious resources .
To find out more , check out our new report , `` Content 2018 : How Top Businesses Approach Content Creation . ''
Lots of organizations use style guides .
In fact , according to some of our recent research , 67 percent of companies have their own corporate style guide .
That 's good because style guides typically lay out all the guidelines for the content a business produces .
At their most basic , they might be just a few pages and cover the fundamentals of grammar and punctuation .
Meanwhile , more sophisticated guides can run to hundreds of pages .
They can contain guidelines about everything from terminology , formatting , and abbreviations , to slang , capitalizations , and industry-specific words and phrases .
Having a style guide gives writers clarity and helps ensure that they create consistent , professional content .
Ideally , it should be a resource that makes life easier and ensures that what content creators are writing reflects the company 's brand , style , and tone of voice .
If your company does n't have its own style guide , there are plenty of great ones you can use .
Here are four of our favorite US style guides for B2B writers : The Associated Press Stylebook The Associated Press ( AP ) Stylebook is the media bible .
It contains commonly accepted journalistic standards for usage , spelling , grammar , and punctuation .
Most U.S. newspapers , magazines , and broadcast writers use it as their go-to style guide .
It 's also characterized by its commitment to keeping writing style easy , concise , and free of bias .
In recent years , marketing departments and public relations firms have also adopted it .
So , if this is your area of content creation , AP is probably a good fit for you .
And , even if that 's not the case , AP Style is so ubiquitous you really ca n't go wrong using it .
The Chicago Manual of Style Currently on its 17th edition , The Chicago Manual of Style is beloved by writers , editors , and publishers .
It 's the standard for book publishing in fiction and nonfiction and is often used in the arts and humanities for academic papers .
It has a lot of instruction on the publishing process , such as preparing a manuscript , proofreading , formatting , and citation , as well as style and usage .
A more pared-down version of CMS , called Turabian Style , is also available and aimed at students writing research papers .
If you 're a professional publishing your work , you 'd use The Chicago Manual of Style .
Many corporations have also adopted it as their preferred writing reference tool .
MLA Handbook The Modern Language Association 's MLA Handbook is mostly used in the academic world .
Recently updated to reflect modern challenges , such as web publication , it has one system that can be used across all platforms .
It 's often used in teaching and lays out the principles behind citing and documenting sources , and gives detailed guidelines on scholarly writing and formatting manuscripts .
It 's favored by scholars , journal publishers , and academic writers and publishers .
Here , too , however , B2B writers are adopting it for content creation .
The Elements of Style The Elements of Style is an absolute writer 's companion and possibly the grandfather of style guides .
Written in 1918 , it was revised decades later by Charlotte 's Web author EB White .
It 's short and to the point , with an emphasis on the clarity and simplicity of proper writing .
The rules are hard and fast , but set out simply .
Authors , journalists , and copywriters love the `` Little Book . ''
If you want to improve your writing in general , or need to focus on brevity and conciseness , this might be the right one for you .
Getting the Most Out of Style Guides While style guides are a vital instrument in creating content , they 're not perfect .
Whether they 're online or in physical book form , they can be hard to use .
Writers are n't going to memorize them back to front , or even refer to them when they should .
Fortunately , modern technology means that they do n't have to .
Innovative software enables writers to select a style guide of their choice ( or input their own ) and be guided to write in accordance with it .
The result is universal compliance with style guideline preferences , without the hassle of having to manually look things up or run all of your content through a team of editors .
No matter which style guidelines your company uses , having the right software to help enforce them can make a big difference .
Find out more about how Acrolinx can help you manage and enforce your company 's style guidelines to increase the quality and accuracy of all your content .
Download our latest eBook :
The easiest way to explain subject-verb agreement is like this : Singular subjects require verbs in the singular form , while plural subjects require verbs in the plural form .
For example : The grass grows .
( singular subject , verb in singular form ) The dogs bark .
( plural subject , verb in plural form ) Piece of cake , right ?
You 'd think so , but the reality is that sometimes getting your verbs to align with your subjects can actually be a tricky matter .
Even the best writers get this wrong .
And for everyone else ?
Well , probably best to keep reading .
The 411 on Subject-Verb Agreement The surest way to make sure your subjects and verbs agree is to 1 ) accurately identify your subject as singular or plural and 2 ) conjugate your verb accordingly .
The problem is that sometimes you 've got to pay very close attention to your subject .
Take a look at these examples : Incorrect : Our selection of kitschy trinkets are unrivaled .
Correct : Our selection of kitschy trinkets is unrivaled .
Incorrect : Neither Ron nor his friends wants to miss the baseball game .
Correct : Neither Ron nor his friends want to miss the baseball game .
In both cases , the subject here is n't necessarily straightforward .
In the first example , we 're not talking about kitschy trinkets ( plural ) , but rather a selection of them ( singular ) .
In the second example , we 're not referring to just Ron ( singular ) , but to neither Ron nor his friend ( plural ) .
If this seems incredibly obvious to you , it should .
But , having said that , people make this mistake all the time .
Regardless of whether that 's because they 're rushing , are n't paying close enough attention , or just do n't know , it 's important to catch this stuff and make sure you 're getting it right .
Avoiding Hard-to-Catch Mistakes In intricate sentences , maintaining subject-verb agreement can get particularly tricky .
Check out this example : The rise of online shopping means opportunities in transportation and warehouse roles has risen .
If the issue is n't immediately clear , have a look at the version below .
We 've identified the elements of the sentences , with the subject in bold and the corresponding verb underlined : The rise of online shopping means opportunities in transportation and warehouse roles has risen .
Of course , `` has '' needs to be `` have '' to agree with `` opportunities . ''
This is a good example of something that 's grammatically incorrect , but very easy to miss because `` has '' does n't sound jarring to the ear within the context of the sentence .
In other words , if you 're unsure , it 's not blatantly obvious that you 're wrong .
It 's also worth noting that the word `` of '' is at fault in many subject-verb issues , a point that this helpful article details .
Dealing with Subject-Verb Agreement with Multiple Subjects Complicating matters further are multiple or compound subjects .
Here , the most important consideration is whether or not the subject is treated as a singular entity or individual entities ( and thus requires a plural form of the verb ) .
That 's what allows both of the following sentences to be correct : The peanut butter and jelly is one of the most popular sandwiches on the kids ' menu .
The dog and cat are chasing each other in the backyard .
For more information on multiple/compound subjects ( and how to spot them ) , this article can provide a number of added insights .
The Bottom Line Mastering subject-verb agreement may be something you thought you checked off in the third grade .
And in 95 percent of cases that 's probably true .
The thing is there are these tricky instances where getting your subjects and verbs to align can actually be a bit tougher and require some thought .
Now that you know what to look for , however , you should be well on your way to always getting it right .
And if you need a hand keeping an eye on subject-verb agreement in your content , or just ca n't be bothered to worry about this kind of thing , Acrolinx is designed to ensure that no slip-up will go unnoticed .
Take a tour of our platform to find out how we can help .
Take a moment to think about how your organization creates content .
Do different teams and departments each create their own material ?
Do you outsource any of your content to third parties ?
If your answer to either of these questions is yes , you 're not alone .
While scenarios like these are often necessary , they can also cause problems .
That 's because anytime an organization creates its content in different silos , it becomes harder to ensure its consistency .
It 's also more difficult to adhere to the same overarching strategy and style guidelines .
As a result , you either wind up with content that 's not aligned , or you have to invest time and resources into editing it all .
According to our new report , `` Content 2018 : How Top Businesses Approach Content Creation , '' 63 percent of companies reported creating their content in silos .
Breaking that down further , 22 percent said that various groups create their content , but it 's funneled through one team for review .
Meanwhile , the other 41 percent said that theirs was created in different silos , with no single team having oversight to ensure its quality and consistency .
Let 's take a closer look at how creating content in silos can hinder output , and what you can do to overcome it .
The Problem with Creating Content in Silos Creating content in silos can be hard to avoid , particularly in large organizations with diverse content needs .
From customer emails , website copy , and blog posts , to instruction manuals , white papers , and sales pitches , a company 's content will likely come from a range of sources .
And , the more diverse teams you have creating content , the less likely it is that your content is consistent .
The problem is that when your content is n't aligned and standardized across all streams , one of two things can happen .
You either wind up using valuable time and resources to bring all that content up to the same standard , or you risk eroding your brand by exposing your customers to inconsistent content .
Neither of these options is appealing .
How Companies Tackle the Issue There are a few things that companies do to lessen the impact of siloed content creation .
More than one-fifth of the companies we surveyed funnel their content through a single department for editing and quality control .
While this may seem like the obvious solution , it actually adds an extra step to the process and requires more time and resources .
Good editors are n't cheap , and you 're going to need a lot of them , if you 're producing content at enterprise scale .
Not only that , having a team of editors review each piece of content can create bottlenecks and delays .
Developing corporate style guides is another possible solution .
The problem is enforcing them .
According to our research , more than two-thirds of content professionals say that their company has an editorial style guide , but just 30 percent of them say it 's closely followed by everyone .
That 's because people often do n't read or refer to style guides , they become outdated quickly , or they 're hard to use .
So where does this leave us ?
The Benefits of Technology Since silos make it difficult to produce content that 's accurate , high quality , and on-brand , more and more companies are harnessing new technologies to help .
In fact , a quarter of content professionals believe that taking advantage of new technologies is the best way to address the challenges of producing high-quality content .
Nearly half of the content creators who have embraced technology say that content creation and optimization software are the best tools for the job .
That kind of software helps maintain the quality and consistency of content automatically , regardless of who 's writing it .
By checking and correcting in real time , writers are constantly coached to produce content that meets the organization 's standards .
That means that it 's not only easier for writers to create content that 's ready to publish , but that doing so is a much faster and easier process .
Getting It Right from the Start Creating great content is n't easy .
And , when your organization is creating its content in silos , it can indeed be challenging to ensure quality , consistency , and efficiency .
Traditional approaches may work to a point , but they can be costly and unreliable .
Leveraging new technologies can help bridge the gap and save you precious time and money .
They can also help you ensure that your content is achieving the goals you 've set for it .
To learn more about content creation challenges and how companies are addressing them , check out our new report , `` Content 2018 : How Top Businesses Approach Content Creation . ''
Even the biggest content geeks probably struggle to get excited about colons and semicolons .
They 're not inherently interesting .
( I mean , exclamation points they 're not ! ) .
And , unfortunately , they 're often misunderstood .
Acclaimed author Kurt Vonnegut summed it up well when he confessed to one audience that `` All [ semicolons ] do is show that you 've been to college . ''
Luckily , you do n't need an advanced degree to use these particular punctuation marks .
And while that may not make them any more exciting , at least after reading this short post , you 'll be able to use them correctly .
The 411 on Colons and Semicolons Colons and semicolons are designed to alter sentences , improving their readability by letting readers know that the movement of the sentence is changing .
The biggest mistake budding grammarians make is using these two punctuation marks interchangeably .
Make no mistake about it — the semicolon and colon ca n't be used in each other 's place because they have entirely different uses .
Let 's take a closer look at each : Colons Colons are used to introduce and underscore directly related ideas that wo n't be presented as a complete sentence .
Here are a few examples : When he woke up hungover late that morning , he had two primal needs : to find his phone and to check it for clues about what exactly had happened the night before .
For true culinary masters , there 's only one kitchen utensil that 's indispensable : the chef 's knife .
As she pulled into the driveway , Sarah quickly came to a saddening realization : some hooligan had heartlessly vandalized her favorite lawn gnome .
Semicolons Use semicolons to inform the reader that an additional , related thought is being introduced in the form of a complete sentence .
Note that otherwise , ending your sentence with a period and starting a new sentence to share the additional information may be preferable .
Here are some examples : She had a deep love for music ; it was n't uncommon for her to catch herself singing along in coffee shops , clothing stores , and even while walking down the street .
The juggler had an innate ability to captivate the crowd ; it did n't hurt that he could juggle countless balls at once .
It 's quite clear that he was the most talented dog in the kennel ; he 'd learned to walk on his hind legs at just five months of age .
Want a deeper dive on colons and semicolons ?
Check out this in-depth guide .
And if you 're interested in learning how to create better content overall , check out our new 9 ingredients guide to better content .
Grammar can be divisive .
It splits camps into the haves and have-nots , and leaves some feeling like a deeper understanding is out of reach .
But the right resources can level the playing field .
With so many options — including reading , interactive , and entertaining learning materials — it 's easy to customize a learning plan that addresses specific deficits and matches learning preferences .
In the list below , you 'll find everything from tried-and-true grammar resources to interactive options that are anything but stale .
Prepare to be schooled on grammar .
Tried and True Traditional Resources 1 .
Master List of Style Guides Having a house style guide is essential for editorial teams of all sizes .
Think of a style guide as a predefined set of guidelines and expectations that will ensure uniformity — both grammatically and tonally — in all of the content you produce .
Needless to say , if you do n't already have a house style guide , you should consider creating one .
But where should you begin ?
This handy resource gathers all of the most established style guides for you , so you can choose the best one for your brand of writing .
Oxford Dictionaries Not only is the Oxford dictionary the default dictionary of the AP Style Guide , but it 's also one of the most trusted dictionaries in use today .
Its online version has a section that features tips , key concepts , and other fundamentals that will help with your grammar journey .
You 'll find handy writing tools too , like a synonym-finder .
Grammar Girl 's Quick and Dirty Tips for Better Writing ( Book ) No list is complete without mentioning the Grammar Girl , Mignon Fogarty .
This bona fide grammar celebrity has gained fame for good reason ; her lessons on grammar are impossibly easy to digest and always reader-friendly , no matter how complex the topic .
Her book is a must-read for anyone looking to improve their writing without the ability ( or desire ) to work through a dense textbook .
The Gregg Reference Manual While literature on grammar is n't in short supply , few books can equal the pedigree of The Gregg Reference Manual .
It 's the go-to for professional and business writers , and it 's regularly updated to ensure that it remains current ( and so the publication does n't lose its good standings with seasoned writers ) .
Inventive Interactive Resources 5 .
Polysyllabic 's Grammar Quiz Described as a `` real '' grammar quiz by its creators , this quiz does n't pull any punches .
It 's intended to push the limits of the test-taker 's grammar knowledge .
In its second edition , the original 's standards have been upheld , but there are all-new questions .
This quiz is n't recommended for the uninitiated .
But for those who want a challenge , they 'll find a quiz that allows them to flex their grammatical muscles .
Grammar Exercises from Grammar Bytes Grammar Bytes offers another handy resource for writers looking to expand their grammar knowledge .
It features interactive grammar quizzes ( of varying difficulties ) that tackle everything from basic to advanced concepts .
Exercises include sentence fragments , commas , and many more .
Grammar Games For those who learn best when they do n't realize they 're learning , this resource removes the formality and replaces it with interactive fun .
Through this grammar-based game located on the British Council 's website , players can learn about grammar essentials like tense , parts of speech , and effective sentence structuring , one game at a time .
Start with a quick review of the concept , and when you 're ready , move on to the interactive game found on that page ( some lessons even feature multiple games ) .
A built-in timer helps hasten things up so players have to rely on their instincts .
American-English speakers should note that the game is based on British-English , which has a handful of differences when it comes to grammar guidelines .
Binge-Worthy Grammar Entertainment 8 .
Make Beautiful Grammar Music with Mr. A , Mr. C and Mr. D Mr. A , Mr. C and Mr. D are teachers who combine the entertainment quality and teaching ability of music , with grammar , to create a can't-miss resource for people tired of traditional learning .
While it 's not entirely novel ( we 'll discuss Schoolhouse Rock momentarily ) , it has proven to be effective .
With a kooky origin-story and an equally eccentric host of characters , the teachers-turned-musicians do liven up what some may otherwise consider a pretty dry topic .
The Grammar Girl Podcast Before her book , the Grammar Girl 's podcast was the grammarian 's single biggest claim to fame outside of her website .
If you ca n't get enough of the Grammar Girl 's lessons , her award-winning podcast is a must-listen .
Not only that , but you can expect frequent episode updates so you 'll always be in-the-know .
Tune in with your favorite podcast platform .
Schoolhouse Rock Few educational , animated creations were as beloved as Schoolhouse Rock .
Although the show was never limited to grammar , many of its most popular episodes were centered on it ( the unforgettable `` Conjunction Junction , '' for one ) .
Although the collection may seem dated in terms of production value , it 's certainly as relevant today as it was decades ago based on teaching potential .
Check out YouTube to find all of the Schoolhouse Rock videos .
Grammar Bytes Videos YouTube Channel While you 're on YouTube binging on all of those Schoolhouse Rock episodes , you should definitely check out Grammar Bytes ' YouTube Channel .
The collection is filled with grammar lessons : interjections , punctuation , and more .
Best of all , there 's no reading required .
Winning the War on Bad Grammar Although these resources are designed to aid you in the fight against grammatical miscues , they do n't do the work for you .
Acrolinx , on the other hand , is an AI-driven platform designed to ensure that each character of your content adheres to the strictest grammar standards .
Find out more by taking a closer look at our platform .
They say a picture is worth a thousand words , but can the same be said when it comes to using memes , emojis , gifs , and stickers in business content ?
B2C marketers have long been using this social media shorthand to connect with their customers and give their brand more personality , but using them in B2B content is a whole lot trickier .
Here 's how to get it right .
Know Your Audience How we communicate is constantly evolving .
Millenials , for example , have coopted emojis .
They 've grown up with social media and are used to peppering their communications with all kinds of visual shortcuts .
Of course , if you 're a B2B company focused on a range of demographics , it may not always be appropriate to include winking faces or two-second gifs in your content .
Not only can that be a turn off , it can also limit comprehension .
In 2015 , for example , Chevy released a press release written entirely in emojis which , depending on your point of view , can be seen as gimmicky , fun , bewildering , or just plain off the mark .
Many people struggled to decode it and felt side-lined by the company 's campaign .
As Millennials continue to dominate the workforce and Gen Z starts to arrive on the scene , using visual prompts will gain broader acceptance .
Having said that , it 's still a good idea to exercise restraint .
Not only do you potentially need to take other audiences and their preferences into account , you 've got to be careful in general .
After all , 59 percent of Millennials between the ages of 18 and 34 say they think brands are trying too hard when using emojis in their ad campaigns .
Make Sure It Aligns with Your Brand Think about your corporate brand and its persona .
If it 's formal and professional , then a gif of a cat knocking things off a table or heart stickers is n't going to be appropriate in your business communications .
The last thing you want is to confuse your target audience .
Your brand voice needs to be consistent to build trust and loyalty .
And do n't be fooled into treating social media images as flippant and of no consequence .
Examine their use in all of your content and communications and ask : Are they appropriate ?
Do they add value to what you 're trying to communicate ?
Do they look like something your company would get behind ?
If it 's a serious topic , you 're best to leave them out .
However , you can use emojis and other images as a visual shortcut to your brand or to inject humor into a communication .
Using Visual Shorthand on Social Media In today 's world of business communication , brevity is important .
Most people do n't have the time or the inclination to read on and on .
So , if you want them to stop scrolling and pay attention , or to pick up your message quickly , then memes , emojis , and gifs can help you stay within character limits and say a lot more in a limited space .
Emojis , for example , not only give your brand personality and a sense of fun , they also increase engagement .
Using emojis has been found to increase engagement on Twitter by 25 percent and produce 17 percent higher interaction rates on Instagram .
Twitter now has a built-in gif search , enabling users to easily find and post the most suitable ones from millions across the world .
And , while Facebook does n't currently have this function , users can post gifs nonetheless .
Gifs , emojis , and memes all help businesses stay relevant on social media platforms , but only when they enhance your message or help tell the story .
Otherwise , they 're just clutter .
Getting Better Email Open Rates ?
As people , we 're wired to process images faster than text .
So when your goal it to grab someone 's attention , social media visuals can make quite an impact .
Emojis , for example , can significantly increase email open rates when they 're added to subject lines .
When someone is scrolling through hundreds of emails a day , a well-placed emoji in the subject line can make your message stand out .
The snowman emoji is by far the most successful in this case , boasting a 65.72 percent open rate .
Meanwhile a sun emoji increases email open rates by 20.95 percent .
It 's certainly food for thought for anyone looking to get better results with their emails .
Make It Thoughtful and Interesting No matter what form of business content you 're producing , social media shortcuts can be highly effective , but only if they 're appropriate and used smartly .
No one , not even Millennials , likes being bombarded with images , especially if their meaning is n't immediately clear .
Take care to use memes , emoji , gifs , and stickers selectively .
You 'll make a bigger impact while staying true to your brand .
To learn more about building the right tone of voice and brand personality for your organization , download our tone of voice guide .
`` Everybody Writes , '' as content guru Ann Handley points out in the title of her 2014 book .
And while that simple statement could n't be more true , it 's something we often take for granted .
That 's because we tend to associate writing with professional writers .
Journalists , authors , tech writers — they 're the ones creating all of the content , right ?
Well no , not exactly .
Lots of other people create content for public consumption too .
But , that 's where things start to get tricky , especially if they 're not able to communicate their ideas clearly and concisely .
Developer First , Writer Second ?
Developers are a prime example .
If you think they only write code , you 're mistaken .
The reality is that they typically have to write comments or annotations that get embedded in their code .
Those comments are important .
They provide the necessary documentation and instruction for others ( other developers , product managers , small business owners , etc . )
to be able to interpret and use the code .
In fact , the comments explaining the code typically run much longer than the code itself .
If those comments are n't clear , concise , and well-written , they can confuse everyone else who has to read them .
That may not be an issue if you sit next to the person who wrote the comments and can ask questions .
But that 's rarely the case .
These days , so many products get shipped off to other companies , with their own teams , that crack them open for customization .
For that to be a smooth , seamless process , the comments need to be error free , and easy to read and interpret .
Of course , that 's not always the case .
Developers are n't necessarily good writers .
In fact , many are n't even native English speakers .
This begs the question , do you have to hire developers who know how to create great code and write effectively ?
Do you hire great coders and then go to the trouble of training them on how to become better writers ?
Or do you have your tech writers and editors review and correct all of the comments , which can be a costly and time-consuming process ?
None of these options is ideal .
Enabling Your Developers with Acrolinx Fortunately , there 's a better way : You can embed Acrolinx into your workflows .
With Acrolinx , it 's like having an expert writer looking over your coders ' shoulders .
Our platform reviews the text in your comments regardless of what programming language you 're using .
It checks not just for spelling and grammar mistakes , but also for how clear and concisely the text is written .
It also reviews for correct tone of voice .
It then scores the content and guides developers to fix any issues until it meets your standards .
That means your developers get to focus on doing what they do best — coding — without you having to worry about the quality of the comments they 're writing .
It also means that you do n't have to divert your technical writers and editors from doing their own work .
In a world where everybody writes , it 's important to make sure that you 're enabling them to do so as effectively as possible .
When it comes to helping your developers work faster and more efficiently , all while creating a better end product , Acrolinx is just the tool they need .
To learn more about Acrolinx , take a tour of our platform .
Summer is the perfect time to relax , enjoy the sunshine , and dive into some books .
You know , the ones you 've been meaning to read all year but never got around to .
And while you may be itching to check out The New York Times bestseller list for ideas , if it 's creating content that gets you excited , I 've got some great suggestions for you .
Below are some of my favorite books about content marketing and storytelling that I think you 'll be sure to enjoy .
Content , The Atomic Particle of Marketing : The Definitive Guide to Content Marketing Strategy Content is the most important part of any marketing strategy .
But how often do we take the time to actually look at all of the evidence available to inform what we create ?
Rebecca Lieb 's book is a definitive guide to content marketing and strategy .
It 's based on quantitative research and insights gained from picking the brains of senior marketers at some of the world 's leading brands .
The book underlines the vital role content plays in all aspects of an organization .
It 's focused on helping readers make important decisions about resources , staffing , tools , and processes to implement good , workable content strategies .
High-level content coordinators and managers will find this useful for getting their content marketing programs up and running .
Impossible to Ignore : Creating Memorable Content to Influence Decisions Given that audiences forget up to 90 percent of what you communicate , how on earth can you create memorable content ?
Carmen Simon 's book draws on important research from neuroscience and cognitive psychology to explain how to influence an audience 's memory and impact its decision-making .
`` Impossible to Ignore '' is a practical guide with case studies and examples that offer a roadmap to create compelling content using the power of cognitive science .
If you like taking a scientific approach to creating content , and want to delve deeper into the psychology of successful messaging , this book is for you .
Made to Stick : Why Some Ideas Survive and Others Die The power of making an idea or message stick is undeniable .
But why do some stay with consumers while others fade away ?
Through 10 years of exhaustive research , authors Chip and Dan Heath say they 've established what determines whether or not stories stick in our minds .
Using dozens of practical examples , curious histories , and intriguing anecdotes , the authors explain `` stickiness '' and how content writers can apply it to their own work .
Content creators who like a storytelling-based approach to laying out fundamental principles and who enjoy humor will devour this book .
All Marketers Are Liars : The Underground Classic That Explains How Marketing Really Works — And Why Authenticity Is the Best Marketing of All In this classic , Seth Godin starts with the basic premise that every marketer is ( or should be ) a storyteller .
He then poses three essential questions : What 's your story ?
Will the people who need to hear this story believe it ?
And is it true ?
Marketing is all about telling a story — whether true or not — and having people believe that story .
Those content marketers who can do this effectively will make all of the difference between the success and failure of their business .
Marketers and content professionals interested in perfecting their storytelling skills and reaching more people will find a treasure trove of ideas in this fantastic book .
Jab , Jab , Jab , Right Hook : How to Tell Your Story in a Noisy Social World In today 's world of social media domination , it can be difficult to cut through the noise and produce content that stands out from the crowd .
From Facebook , Twitter , and Tumblr , to Instagram , Pinterest , and LinkedIn , you need to be able to create content that 's not just high quality , but that 's also tailored for distinct platforms and contexts .
In this book , author Gary Varnerchuk gives great tips and insights for content marketers to land that perfect right hook and convert traffic into sales .
If social media is your specialty — or you just want to learn more about creating successful , hard-hitting content — `` Jab , Jab , Jab , Right Hook '' will help you knock it out of the park .
Reading Your Way to Better Content Whether you prefer practical advice and strategies , a scientific approach , or a compelling read on the craft of content writing , there are books out there for you .
So order up some of these titles this summer to get ahead of the curve in your content creation .
And while you 're at it , be sure to check out our recent report on Content Creation .
It gives you the full scoop on content professionals ' top priorities , challenges , and techniques to improve their content creation .
You can download a copy below .
If you have n't found yourself writing for a chatbot yet , brace yourself because you soon may be .
Chatbots have arrived on the scene and marketing and customer service teams are widely adopting them .
Today , you can use them to do everything from booking a flight to finding yourself a date to getting legal advice .
Forget clunky messaging and repetitive phrases .
Advances in AI mean today 's chatbots are increasingly dynamic and able to engage in more human-like conversation .
It 's this conversational tone and the quick , responsive interaction that appeals to customers .
They like to feel that they 're dealing with a person , even though they know they are n't .
Companies like KLM , H & M , and 1-800-Flowers know this approach works .
They 've found that chatbots create better customer satisfaction and higher conversion rates .
Using them means that service times are faster .
Plus , there are significant cost-savings when parts of customer service are automated .
Given these and other benefits , it 's not surprising that 80 percent of businesses are estimated to start using chatbots by the end of 2020 .
However , creating a great chatbot still requires the talents of a strong content writer .
That person needs to be able to craft messaging and dialogue that 's accurate , personable , useful , and as close to human as possible .
Here 's a quick guide to writing for a chatbot .
[ widget id= '' custom_html-2 '' ] Develop a Character and Speak in Your Brand 's Voice Your bot is an extension of your company 's identity .
Just like your organization has a carefully crafted persona and brand voice , your bot needs to have a distinct personality .
And that personality needs to come through in its messaging .
Think of your bot as an ambassador for your brand and create dialogue and responses that best reflect your company 's values and mission .
They can be humorous , cheerful , professional , friendly — whatever fits best with your brand .
Millennial and Gen Z consumers , in particular , have grown up with advancements like Siri , and are very used to chatting with bots .
Once you 've determined your chatbot 's character and personality , the words should flow much more easily in the bot 's own voice .
It 's fine to be creative , but do n't dial up the humor too far .
Conversational UI is meant to be helpful and fulfill a specific goal .
Do n't let jokes distract your customer or turn your bot into a gimmick rather than a tool .
Keep It Short , Simple , and Grammatically Correct Chatbot users generally do n't like reading long blocks of text .
If your messages run on , you 'll quickly lose their interest and attention .
It 's supposed to be a conversation , so allow users to talk and ask questions , rather than firing lots of text at them .
Like a conversation , you should use short sentences and break up your answers into different messages .
When you do need to provide more information ( such as when explaining a process or a solution ) , keep it step-driven and succinct .
Because there are no visual cues , every word your bot uses matters .
You need to be confident in what a user would reasonably assume from your bot 's replies and advice .
Ask yourself and your colleagues whether messages make sense before deploying them .
Also avoid overly complicated words and phrasing , and , of course , make sure there are no spelling or grammatical mistakes .
Just like content on websites and marketing material , customers hate seeing typos and poorly written content .
If your chatbot communicates with errors , your customers will go elsewhere .
Personalization Do n't think you can just copy and paste existing content from your website or marketing material and recycle it into chatbot dialogue .
Customers will see through this immediately .
Instead , start by using the person 's name and any personal information they 've shared and always speak in a one-to-one manner .
Your bot is a character with a personality .
So do n't use dialogue that sounds like it 's out of a manual or the response of a faceless corporation .
Your bot is representing your company ( essentially as a person ) , not communicating as the company .
Remember it 's a conversation , the user is talking to your bot , not reading your website or using your app .
Try to create a personal connection to the person engaging with your bot .
Keep Working on It The AI behind chatbots will continue to evolve and advance , and so should the content fueling your chatbot .
It 's not a case of set it and forget it .
You need to keep improving , tweaking , and revisiting your messaging to make sure you 're creating the best customer experience possible .
As chatbots become more popular , customer expectations will continue to rise .
Think of your bot as a living personality that has more to say and bring it to life with your content .
If you can do that , you 'll be well ahead of the curve .
And for extra help developing or refining your brand voice , check out our comprehensive guide Watch Your Tone .
It 's chock-full of practical advice from some of the world 's most noted tone of voice experts .
When it comes to producing content at scale , you 'd be hard pressed to find a content operation bigger than the one at IBM .
The technology giant operates in 140 countries , in 100 languages , and has over 100 million pages of content across its websites .
The challenge at such a large organization is to create valuable content that not only produces tangible results , but that 's also consistent in style and tone of voice .
To begin to tackle that issue , the company implemented Acrolinx across a number of its business units .
According to IBM Program Director for Marketing Content Platforms , James Mathewson , there have been three keys to doing so successfully to date : managing , mentoring , and measuring .
Here 's how he breaks it down .
Managing One of the biggest challenges IBM faced was having multiple content teams writing similar or duplicate pieces of content .
This was both inefficient and a waste of valuable resources .
To get around it , Mathewson started using Acrolinx .
Today , when his writers create content , it gets tagged with the relevant author , topic , product , keywords , and life cycle stage .
This allows each piece to be placed exactly where it needs to be , and also ensures that it can be reused quickly and efficiently .
That 's critical because IBM is constantly assembling content to meet the unique , and often very specific , needs of its customers .
Mathewson also used Acrolinx to audit IBM 's huge existing repository of content for the very first time .
By identifying and then purging low-quality content , he was able to reduce the company 's content footprint by a massive 90 percent in some areas .
In one case , he was able to reduce 1,400 pages of marketing content down to just 30 .
Mentoring Even with the best of intentions though , if you do n't have buy-in from your teams , you 're not going to get very far .
In a previous role , Mathewson was editing white papers and giving feedback to writers , but with limited success .
`` I 'd point out spelling errors or grammar mistakes and a lot of the time they would n't actually believe me , '' he says .
But once they started using Acrolinx , the quality and accuracy of their work improved dramatically .
At IBM , he implemented a style guide and provided training to the writing teams .
Afterwards , he saw a 25 percent increase in compliance .
Style guides , however , are notoriously difficult for writers to adhere to .
By contrast , introducing Acrolinx , which flags issues with spelling , grammar , style , and tone , as writers create their content , yielded a 50 percent improvement among those business units that have adopted the solution .
Mathewson calls it `` training in context , '' where writers are mentored and learning as they work , and the learning is constantly reinforced .
Once they saw their content measured , scored , and rated , the pieces fell into place .
Training and guidance go hand-in-hand , and when content writers understand how the software can help maintain quality and consistency , you get results , Mathewson says .
[ widget id= '' custom_html-2 '' ] Measuring Everyone wants to see tangible results from their content marketing efforts , but they 're not always easy to measure .
Mathewson favors an experiential approach to testing what content works and what does n't .
`` It 's the only way to prove your efforts are leading to business results , '' he says .
By looking at the company 's KPIs of visitors , leads , marketing qualified leads , sales qualified leads , and customers , and overlaying Acrolinx quality scores , Mathewson is able to identify patterns where he can see that better quality content leads to better results .
By measuring the results of individual teams , he 's able to see which areas need more help and which ones are doing really well .
He 's also able to drill down and see the performance of content against each unit , brand , product family , and product .
This helps him understand what 's working well , not just from a quality perspective , but from a performance perspective .
The results have led to valuable insights , such as how more personalized content doubles consumer engagement and drives sales .
Measuring content performance in this way allows IBM to identify opportunities to improve and optimize its content and sites .
Achievable Outcomes for Companies of All Sizes IBM believes the Acrolinx platform has given the company a clear understanding of what success looks like , and the metrics essential to demonstrate value and to drive future strategy .
Although it 's still a work in progress — the company does n't plan to roll out Acrolinx across all of marketing until October — Matheson is very pleased with the results he 's seen thus far .
While IBM is running a successful content marketing program at massive scale , the same principles apply to organizations of all sizes .
Being able to use technology to manage your content and content creators , mentor and teach your writers , and measure the success of your efforts should be the goal for every company .
To learn more about how IBM has implemented Acrolinx across its operations , watch the full presentation : https : //youtu.be/THCwSt7uP2E
Once upon a time , before clichés were clichés , they were colorful , inventive phrases that framed ideas in a new and interesting way .
Over the years , however , they 've been overused to the point where they 've become stale , unoriginal , and more likely to detract from a piece of writing than add to it .
In fact , clichés , overused words and phrases , and jargon can often annoy readers .
They can make a writer look lazy and careless .
Readers are more likely to disengage when they come across tiresome and unoriginal means of expression .
As a content creator , that 's the last thing you want to happen .
In content marketing , every word is important , so you need to make sure you choose the ones that have the most impact .
And that means ditching hackneyed expressions and finding new ways to get your meaning across .
Words to Live By , Words to Avoid We 're all guilty of using clichés at some point or another , often without even realizing that we 've done so .
The reality is that once you become attuned to them , you 'll be surprised how often they turn up in your writing and everyone else 's .
There are lots of ways to convey what you 're trying to say , without having to rely on the tired , old usual suspects .
Here are some of the most overused words in content writing and some alternatives you can use instead .
Giving 110 % Not only is this mathematically impossible , it 's an arbitrary figure .
Giving it your all or going over and above is what is really meant here .
Out of left field Unexpected , surprising , erratic , and peculiar are just a few of the many adjectives that are infinitely more thought-provoking than this old baseball term .
At the end of the day Are you actually talking about the real end of the day ?
If it 's not taking place at 6 pm , then what you really mean is finally or ultimately .
Get your ducks in a row The sight of a mother duck leading her ducklings into a lake might be a nice one , but it does n't really convey the need to get organized , prepare , and get every element in place , does it ?
Content is king Let 's be honest , we 've all used this one , have n't we ?
Content is an integral part of marketing , not a sovereign in and of itself .
Think about what you 're actually trying to say about content , like how powerful messaging impacts customer behavior and use that instead .
Get granular If you 're not engaged in some kind of science experiment , what you mean to say is that a person needs to focus in on the fine details .
Think outside the box This is quite possibly one of the most irritating phrases used in business .
It dates back to the 1970s and originally had nothing to do with a box .
Use `` expand your thinking , '' `` stretch your imagination , '' or `` examine from a different perspective '' instead .
Synergize One of the most overused buzzwords to come out of business , synergize is also one of the most stigmatized .
If you mean work together , collaborate effectively , or cooperate , then go for one those options instead .
A no-brainer It 's a no-brainer to change this tired word to `` easy '' or `` simple '' to avoid coming off as patronizing .
Hit the ground running It sounds like someone 's being chased , rather than being encouraged to seize an opportunity and start a project prepared , and at full speed .
Get the ball rolling Here 's another ball metaphor .
It 's also a waste of a lot of words when you could simply say `` get started '' or better yet `` begin . ''
Keep your eye on the ball Tired of this old sporting analogy ?
If you mean someone should focus or pay complete attention to a thing , then that 's what you should say .
On the same page In an age of eBooks and online newspapers , people are n't on the same page .
Avoid this phrase by saying `` working in harmony , '' `` having a shared understanding , '' or `` coming from the same perspective . ''
Bandwidth You should only use bandwidth if you 're referring to internet usage , otherwise `` capacity '' is perfectly acceptable .
Leverage You 're using something to its maximum advantage , not exerting force using a lever .
Overusing this one is a big pet peeve in business , so it 's definitely one to avoid .
Bang for your buck This is the kind of cliché you 'd expect to hear from a used car salesman .
Stick to describing how you want to achieve a better result for the effort you 've put in .
How to Avoid Using Clichés and Overused Phrases Think about what the phrase or expression actually means and work your way back from there .
You 'll be able to identify some keywords and rewrite your sentence minus the cliché .
Oxford Dictionaries has some helpful advice if you 're struggling to define the meaning .
Look up the cliché in a dictionary and use the definition as a starting point to look up synonyms in a thesaurus .
Often , a cliché or over-used phrase can be directly replaced with one or two simple words .
If a straightforward replacement is obvious , then make the switch .
Finally , ask yourself whether your content actually needs the expression .
A lot of clichés are fillers and padding .
If the idea is n't important or does n't add to the content , then cut it out .
Clichés will undoubtedly sneak into your content on occasion , but by being aware of them and challenging yourself to create better copy using original ideas , you 'll undoubtedly `` raise the bar '' ( oops , there 's another one to avoid ) .
Interested in learning the 9 ingredients that lead to content success ?
Download the eBook .
We all struggle to come up with new ideas for blog posts from time to time .
After all , it 's easy to get stuck when you 've been running a blog for a while .
Likewise , when you 're just getting started and do n't know where to begin .
When you consider , however , that companies with blogs attract 55 percent more visitors than those without them , the importance of establishing and maintaining a successful blog becomes clear .
If you 're at a loss for fresh ideas about where to focus your next blog post , or just are n't sure how to get going in the first place , this post is for you .
Below , I 've shared 50 blog post ideas that will help ensure you 're never short of inspiration again .
Blog Posts Offering Tips and Advice 1 .
A beginner 's guide Find a topic and break it down into easily digestible sections for readers who are new to your industry or unfamiliar with one of your products or services .
Get them up to speed quickly and efficiently .
A how-to post Walk your readers through a process of getting something done , leaving them with actionable steps and tips they can use to solve specific problems or challenges .
An ultimate guide Similar to the beginner 's guide and how-to post , this type of post provides a more comprehensive , detailed , and well-researched account of how to do something or use a particular product or service .
A problems and solutions post Problems and solutions posts aim to help readers solve specific challenges by , you guessed it , defining the problem and presenting helpful solutions .
Pick five problems related to a specific subject and reveal the best way to tackle them .
A hack post Everyone loves shortcuts and workarounds .
Identify quick hacks for common issues that your customers can use to save time and money .
A resources post Select a topic and create a list of the best articles and resources available .
Make sure it 's not just about your own though .
Include content your audience will find useful from a range of sources .
A checklist Checklists are a perennial favorite of customers because they 're easy to read , follow , and take action on .
Break down a relevant problem , issue , or process , and itemize the steps your prospects and customers need to take to solve it .
A list of must-have tools and products What tools and products do your customers need to run their business effectively ?
What things could make them more successful , more efficient , and more profitable ?
Create a list of must-haves for your audience .
Product-Based Blogs 9 .
A case study post Case studies are a great way to engage your audience .
Unpack the details of a process or project .
For example , you could highlight the unique features of your product or service and how it helped a customer overcome a specific challenge .
A customer showcase post Success stories help your audience understand the power of your product .
Find a customer that you helped solve a particular challenge and write about how they did it .
A product benefits post Do your readers really know all the functions and capabilities of your product ?
There may be some that surprise them .
Give an in-depth round up of what it can do and how it can transform their business .
A product update Blogging about a new product or feature may not seem all that exciting to you , but it can be extremely valuable and informative for your prospects and customers .
If you 've got something new to share , it 's always a good idea to let them know in a blog post .
A product tips post Share tips and advice to help customers get the most out of your product .
It may be that many of them are n't using a particular functionality as effectively as possible .
Find out where your customers are having trouble and blog about it .
A comparison post Compare the features and benefits of your products against those of your competitors to show the value of your solutions .
Take care , however , to ensure that posts like these do n't become too self-promotional .
The idea is to help your readers , not toot your own horn .
Lists and Statistics 15 .
A stats post Whether you gather original stats or identify existing ones , choose a topic and pull the most interesting information together .
Readers like these kinds of posts because they 're easy to scan and they provide new points of interest .
A top 10 list People love lists , so think about your industry and audience and what they would find of interest .
You could write about the top 10 companies , blogs , tools , marketing slogans , or whatever you think would resonate with your target market .
Posts like these are only limited by your imagination .
A quote post Who does n't get inspired reading quotes from influential people ?
Take a topic that your audience may be interested in and pull together relevant quotes from industry leaders and inspirational figures .
A `` best of '' post Best of posts can include content , resources , tools , or anything else you 've written about in the past .
Package the post up as a toolkit on a particular subject and use it as a repository for listing all of your best content in one place .
A list of people to follow Not only will this appeal to social-media adept customers , you 'll also be making valuable connections with influencers and experts in your field .
Write a short bio of each person and what their speciality is , and link to their social media channels , websites , blogs , etc .
A common mistakes post It can be helpful to read about industry mistakes and how to avoid them .
Assuming it wo n't be taken as overly critical , try to find some examples of companies who have really gotten it wrong .
Then tell your audience how to avoid the same pitfalls .
Repurposing Content 21 .
A post that follows up on your best blogs Look at your analytics to find your three best-performing blog posts , and write a follow-up for each one .
Read the comments for inspiration and to help you create a logical next piece .
Turn webinars and presentations into posts If someone in your company has done a webinar or presentation , you can easily turn it into a post highlighting the most interesting and relevant parts .
A pick of the week post Go back through your archives and look at a range of previous blog posts that are worth resurrecting .
If it 's still relevant and valuable , try publishing an updated version of it under a new heading .
Combine old and outdated posts Again , look at your analytics and identify pieces of related content that are not getting much traffic anymore because they are old or outdated .
Combine them into a new post with updated stats or information .
Company-related posts 25 .
A post promoting upcoming presentations If someone from your company is presenting at a conference , or hosting a webinar , give your audience a little taste of what to expect and how they can attend/get on board .
A company update post What 's the latest on your company ?
If you 've won or completed a new project , made a new acquisition , or expanded , let your audience know about it to create some engagement .
A behind-the-scenes post If you have particularly interesting processes , a niche product , or a loyal following that wants to know more , show them what goes on behind the scenes at your organization .
A publicity post Do n't just rely on straight-up marketing and advertising to let people know you 've got a special deal or promotion on .
Creatively written , you can turn this into a blog , rather than an advertisement .
A post with surprising facts about your company Does your company have unusual processes , an interesting history , save customers a 100 hours ' of time a month , or does it create products in 50 different languages ?
Compile the most compelling things about your company and what it offers , and turn that into readable content .
Interactive posts 30 .
A customer survey post Survey your audience about a trending topic , challenge , or issue in your industry and then write a blog on the findings .
Polls and surveys are a great way to get readers involved , and you can repeat the same poll annually and compare results year over year .
A Q & A post Ask your audience a question and encourage them to share their answers in the comments section .
By getting them involved in creating your content , you 're upping the engagement level and interest .
A post promoting a contest or giveaway Holding a contest or offering a giveaway is a good way to encourage audience participation .
Offer something interesting , relevant , and that has value , and encourage them to enter through engagement , such as posting a comment .
Industry-driven posts 33 .
A post on current trends People love to learn what the current trends are .
If it 's new and interesting , write a blog post about it .
This is great for SEO and for increasing brand authority .
Do n't forget to share on social media .
A post that dispels industry myths Every industry has myths and incorrect information floating around .
Give readers the low-down on what simply is n't true in their field .
They might glean some surprising information .
A post on the history of your field There are sure to be interesting nuggets of information relating to the history of your industry .
Show how it has developed and how far it has come .
An expert profile post Write a profile ( or several short profiles ) of an influential person ( or people ) in your industry .
Who are the movers and shakers ?
The innovators ?
The founders ?
Give your audience a who 's who look at the field .
A post that reports on the news If something important is happening in the news that affects your field , why not give your take from an industry perspective ?
You could introduce background , explain the current situation , and relay what it all means for companies and customers .
A predict the future post You do n't need a crystal ball , just a speculative stance on where your industry is headed .
Will things be increasingly automated ?
Will new products transform the customer experience ?
Predictions can start great conversations and help drive traffic to your blog .
A definitions post Is there an emerging trend that most people do n't know about ?
Look at creating a series of posts that explain and define new developments in your niche .
An expert interview post Interviewing influential people in your industry can be easier than you think .
Whether you write your post as a straight interview or as a Q and A , expert tips and strategies are valuable to readers .
A book review post If there 's a new book out on a relevant industry topic , why not give it a review ?
You could even add a list of suggested reading your audience might also benefit from .
A post that reviews a product or service Review a product , service , or event that 's related to your industry , but is n't yours .
Take care to be as unbiased as possible , otherwise readers wo n't derive any value from what you 've written .
Keep on Blogging !
Writer 's block happens to the best of us .
When you 're asked to create huge amounts of content every week , you can easily run out of ideas .
But with the suggestions above , you should be able to keep your content pipeline running hot for a long time to come .
Good luck !
Consistency is one of the keys to good content .
It 's what helps your audience feel like your company is always speaking to them with one clear voice , even when there 's actually lots of different writers creating your content .
One way of trying to maintain consistency is by following a corporate style guide .
And while creating one and encouraging all of your content creators to adhere to it may sound easy , that 's not always the case .
That 's because in practice , corporate style guides are notoriously hard to enforce .
Let 's look at why that is and what a possible solution to the problem might be .
Why Style Guides Are Important Style guides are a valuable resource for writers and editors .
They establish your company 's brand voice and tone .
As such , they help ensure consistency by serving as the definitive word on how things are done .
Good style guides dictate an organization 's preferences on everything .
From how to spell certain words to the right way to use grammar and punctuation and industry- and company-specific terminology .
Getting all of this stuff right is important because when an organization 's content is inconsistent , it looks unprofessional .
Not only that , it can muddy the message the company is trying to get across and can even confuse customers .
A comprehensive and accessible style guide helps your organization communicate effectively , avoid errors , and ultimately save time and money .
That 's particularly true for organizations with lots of content creators spread across different offices .
In the absence of face-to-face discussions on your company 's particular style , having a style guide can be an effective way of keeping everyone on-brand and on-message .
So Why Are They Hard to Enforce ?
Style guides typically get created and distributed to lots of fanfare — at least among content creators .
The problem is that most people quickly lose their enthusiasm and eventually stop consulting them .
Because usually they think they either already know the information or just ca n't be bothered to look it up .
Meanwhile , hard copies get lost and PDFs never get looked at .
Plus , if the style guide is too long , it becomes daunting .
Conversely , if it 's too short , it wo n't contain enough guidance to be of much use to most content creators .
Another challenge that makes enforcement difficult is the fact that a style guide should always be a living document .
Terminology evolves ; new words come into play ; and new products , services , and departments are introduced .
Most traditional style guides are static in nature , and if you do edit them , you have to alert your writers to the changes and hope they remember them .
In other words , style guides need to be maintained and content creators made aware of any changes .
At large organizations , that can be a significant undertaking .
Smart Style Guides While style guides are crucial for creating consistent , high-quality content , for them to be followed , they need to be easy for content creators to access and use .
That 's where Acrolinx comes in .
Our platform reads your content while you 're writing it and compares it to all of your company 's unique style guidelines .
It then guides you to make whatever changes are necessary to bring your content in line with those standards .
And it does all of this in whatever content authoring tool you happen to be using .
This kind of interactive technology makes maintaining a consistent style and tone of voice , across all of your company 's content , a lot easier .
That 's particularly true for large organizations with lots of people creating content who may not all be professional writers .
And since Acrolinx can be programmed with your company 's individual preferences , you can ensure that everyone writes in the exact same way .
Keeping Your Content on Track While traditional style guides may not be the easiest to use and enforce , having a well-written set of guidelines at content creators ' disposal is essential .
Interactive style guides aim to make the task a lot easier by offering a more effective way to enforce them .
A creator does n't have to constantly check if what they 're writing is correct — that 's automatically done for them .
Any method that makes sticking to the guidelines less painful and more effective has got to be a boon for creators and the companies that use them .
To learn more about how Acrolinx can make your content program a success , download our eBook , The 9 Ingredients You Need to Create Better Content .
Google CEO Sundar Pichai once said that Artificial Intelligence ( AI ) is one of the `` most important things humanity is working on… more profound than… electricity or fire . ''
That quote has reverberated across every industry , and content marketing is no exception .
But where exactly is AI going ?
What does the future hold ?
And perhaps most importantly for our purposes , how do you actually get started ?
Marketing AI Institute founder Paul Roetzer may have the answers .
Breaking AI Down Roetzer likes to recall New Year 's Eve 2017 , when he saw a series of tweets from a Bloomberg journalist listing the things that did n't exist 10 years ago .
We did n't have Instagram , Snapchat , Alexa , or Slack .
Plus , although the iPhone had only just been born , no one — not even Steve Jobs — could have fully predicted the impact that it would have .
The same may very well be true for AI .
In simple terms , Roetzer says that AI augments what we 're capable of doing , at scales that we 're not .
AI is already ubiquitous and something that we use dozens of times a day without even realizing it .
From Facebook 's facial recognition software to tag people in photos , to Google Maps and Siri , it 's an integral part of modern day life .
Not only that , with each passing day , AI gets more convenient and more personalized .
In AI , deep learning is trying to teach machines to think like the human mind .
In content marketing applications of AI specifically , it 's about using Natural Language Processing and Natural Language Generation .
So how is AI changing what we already do ?
The 5 Ps for Getting Started with AI Using AI to create better , faster , more accurate content is already a reality .
The Associated Press reports that it has gone from publishing 300 earnings reports a quarter to 3,000 thanks to the help of AI systems .
Meanwhile , in 2016 , The Washington Post published high school sports stories , Olympics , and election coverage that once again machines had written .
Clearly , the future is already here .
If you have any kind of data-driven content , you need to get on board right now .
If you 're wondering how , here are Roetzer 's Five Ps to get started with AI : 1 .
Planning First , you need to analyze your existing position .
There are tons of specific software options that can give you useful information on where you are and where you want to be .
You can capture information on your competitors , monitor the digital ad space , and determine how much others spend , how many ads they bought , and what channels they 're using .
You can also map content to the buyer journey , identify keywords and topic clusters that can be measured against things you 've already written , and predict how your content will perform .
Production Some software companies claims that machine-written subject lines for email out-perform human written ones 98 percent of the time .
It may need 100,000 emails to learn from , but imagine a human trying to do that .
To be able to create content at scale — across languages and across geographic markets , and to do it in the correct tone , using the right sentiment and adhering to brand guidelines — is a content marketer 's dream .
Using AI , content marketers can not only automate some data-driven content , but also surface data on what they should write about .
But far from machines replacing human beings , Roetzer says this means using AI to enrich what content creators are already able to achieve .
Personalization These days a lot of marketing money is going into bots .
That 's especially true of bots that initiate conversations with consumers at the right time .
While we might rely on some study to tell us that the optimal time to send our emails is 2 pm on a Thursday , AI can do a much deeper dive .
It can tell you exactly when a specific kind of customer will open a newsletter .
No matter whether you have 1,000 or 100,000 subscribers , humans will take a scattergun approach .
They 'll set a rule that says send an email at a specific time and hope for the best .
AI , on the other hand , can segment those customers at a whole different level .
If , for example , just 1 percent of them open their emails at 11 pm on a Sunday night , then an AI system will make sure that the message arrives in those people 's inbox by 10.45 pm .
Promotion Should the play button be green or blue to get consumers to follow through ?
Some people will be more likely to click on one color , and some , the other .
This is the kind of thing that humans ca n't figure out with any accuracy .
Nor should they be trying to .
Especially when machines can do this more quickly , accurately , and efficiently on our behalf .
Using data , AI can write social media updates , figure out what image to use , what hashtags to include , and when to publish for maximum results .
Current intelligent software using AI will recommend colors , surface hashtags , adjust the send date based on who you 're sending it to , and alter the channel to make each post as effective as it can be .
Humans will never be able to do this so effectively , especially at scale .
Performance We do n't just want to create perfect content , we want to be able to predict what will be the most successful content .
Just as companies like Amazon and Google make data-based recommendations of what we 're searching for , we need to be able to create content that will most appeal to consumers based on what we know about them .
Collating and interpreting the relevant data is time better spent by machines , rather than writers who craft the essential message .
Moving Forward with AI Today To get on board with today 's AI , and move with it into the future , Roetzer suggests that content leaders look at the things that they and their writers do every day .
Look at things that are manual and repetitive and require data to either make decisions or create and produce content , he says .
Once identified , content managers should consider the AI capabilities within their existing marketing technologies and explore the potential of emerging solutions .
The bottom line , he says , is that when you discover ways to use software more intelligently , you 've got more time to create intelligent content .
Want to hear more from Paul Roetzer ?
See his video below from our recent Content Connections 2018 user conference .
Learn How Top Businesses Do Content Development Acrolinx recently conducted a survey of 250+ content professionals from around the world to better understand their content creation practices , goals , and challenges .
Download the report below to get recommendations for what every content professional should be doing in their content operations .
It might not be at the forefront of every content creator 's mind , but terminology is crucial for successful , effective communication .
Businesses may have dozens , hundreds , or even many thousands of unique terms that they use to describe what they do .
That includes the names for their products and services .
The problem is that when teams use different terms to describe the same thing , it can lead to confusion and higher costs .
All of that while lessening the impact of your communication efforts .
By contrast , defining , managing , and ensuring consistent use of terminology can bring an array of business benefits .
Let 's take a closer look at four of the benefits of actively managing your company 's terminology .
We 'll also examine some of the pitfalls that can happen when you do n't 1 .
Creating a Better Customer Experience When companies fail to use terms consistently in their content , it can be very confusing for customers and employees alike .
For example , imagine a customer who buys a computer , based on the description of its features and components on a website .
When she receives the computer , the manual that comes with it uses different terms to describe the same things .
Confused , she calls customer service , where a representative tries to help using yet another set of words .
This kind of confusion erodes trust in the business , degrades the customer experience , and can drive potential sales to competitors .
People want simplicity , clarity , and information they can understand .
There 's no need to confound customers ( or your own employees ) when it 's easy to create consistent , simplified content .
Better Translation Results If you 're translating your content into other languages , using consistent terminology is key .
Ideally , you select a particular term , translate it once , and then reuse it .
Mandating the use of particular terms saves time and money .
That 's especially true if you 're translating similar content again and again , or you 're translating your content into lots of different languages .
Using different terms for the same thing makes the translation process harder , and can lead to confusion , inaccuracies , and messaging that 's off brand .
Using the right terminology , on the other hand , will help ensure your content is consistent and that the terms it contains are accurately translated .
Driving Down Costs Good terminology management makes it clear to everyone who is creating content which terms they should and should n't use .
When content is consistent , there 's less editing and revising time involved , and no debate about whether something should be described using this term or that .
Furthermore , when the source terms are consistent and translation teams use their approved translations , localizing content is faster and more efficient , driving down the cost of what can otherwise be an expensive exercise .
Reinforcing Brand Voice A clear , identifiable brand voice is important for any business .
Carefully defined terminology can help employees and customers alike understand and recognize brand voice .
While companies might need to adjust their messaging when they venture into different markets across the globe , their core voice should stay the same .
By starting with a defined set of terms that is used across the board , companies can promote a unified brand and attract greater customer loyalty and attention .
Choosing the Right Words By clearly defining terminology , you create approved terms that should be used universally across an organization .
If you want to create high-quality , effective content that can be easily scaled and drives down costs , then terminology management is the key .
It enables content creators across industries to communicate clearly , more quickly , and more efficiently .
Localizing content and connecting with global audiences becomes easier and , with effective terminology management , the translation process is cheaper , faster , and produces better results .
Quite simply , managing terminology means better content all around .
To learn more about terminology management , check out our report on how companies use the words and phrases that matter most to their business .
I 'm flying home from Cleveland , and I 'm reliving all the exciting moments from Content Marketing World 2018 .
What an inspirational few days !
So , let 's pretend you 're my JetBlue seatmate and get ready for my GAME ON recap .
Here goes… A New Player in Content Marketing Robert Rose kicked things off with his keynote , `` A New Player Has Entered the Game . ''
I have to admit , I was intrigued .
We 'll get to the new player in a minute .
But first , Robert reinforced that content marketing is everywhere .
And , while we 're all busy creating ooodles of content , we 're really doing it without much of a plan .
According to recent CMI research , only 38 % of those surveyed have a documented strategy for content marketing .
That means 62 % are winging it .
What 's missing , Robert says , is scalability .
But that 's easy to talk about , more difficult to achieve .
For Robert , the answer to scalable content marketing looks something like this : Align your content teams around common goals Have the right talent within each team Promote trust and clear communication between your teams Tie it all together with technology Talent , technology , and trust , welcome to the content marketing game .
Follow Robert at @ Robert_Rose ( Twitter ) , Robert Rose ( LinkedIn ) .
* For a great guide to scaling your own content marketing program , check out Acrolinx 's new eBook : How to Build a Content Marketing Program at Scale .
* Joe 's Formula for Success The secret to success for the godfather of content , Joe Pulizzi , is a straightforward formula .
In his inspiring keynote , `` Uncovering the Secrets to Life and Marketing ( While Living in Cleveland ) , Joe reinforced the idea that we all begin life with a clean slate ( a tabula rasa ) .
For those unfamiliar with this Latin phrase , it relates to the epistemological idea that people are born without built-in mental content , and that all knowledge comes from experience or perception .
In Joe 's mind , too many people have programmed their brains to prevent success .
So how do we fix that ?
Here 's Joe 's clean slate formula for success : Record all of your wishes — so you can revisit and reflect on them .
Repeatedly review your goals — to track progress .
Remove what 's getting in the way of doing great things — clear away as many distractions as you can , so you can make the right impact .
And most importantly , believe !
Thanks , Joe .
I ca n't wait to test this out !
Follow Joe at @ joepulizzi ( Twitter ) , @ Joe Pulizzi ( LinkedIn ) .
A Kick in the Patootie Newsletter For Ann Handley , recipient of CMI 's inaugural Hero Award , content marketing is all about keeping it personal .
In her keynote , `` What Gives ?
How a Reader Challenge Kicked Me in the Patootie ( and What We Can Learn From It ) , '' Ann reinforced that we live in a world where people want to hear from us .
And typically , in the content world , that means putting out a newsletter .
But newsletters can end up in a content ghost town if they lack the right ingredients .
Interestingly , it was a reader that pointed this out to Ann .
She recognized that she needed to take her newsletter from bleh to awesome , and she knew just how to do it .
By making it personal .
Ann says we should ask ourselves three questions about our newsletters : What 's the most important part of my newsletter ?
( Hint : While the news is important , it 's the LETTER part that matters . )
What kind of newsletters do I love to get ?
( Think like you only have one subscriber ; how do you want to talk to that person ?
Make your headlines personal . )
How can I make my newsletter feel like it 's coming from me ?
( Every great newsletter has a `` tell . ''
Make sure your tell comes directly from you . )
She went on to cite the example of Warren Buffett , who in his popular book 50 Berkshire Hathaway Letters to Shareholders 1965-2014 , provides lesson plans on business and investing through his letters to shareholders .
For each letter he wrote , he asked his sister Doris to review it to be sure it was easy to read and understand .
And that it was personal .
A good reality check .
Follow Ann at @ annhandley ( Twitter ) , @ Ann Handley ( LinkedIn ) .
The Big Close Content Marketing World 2018 closed with the awesome , Tina Fey , who rocked the house .
Tina talked about her first big break in the writers ' room at SNL .
There , her boss and mentor Lorne Michaels discovered her talent for acting , and the rest is history .
An interesting side note , Tina does n't engage in social media , and we 'll be seeing more of her on the women 's empowerment front .
And there you have it , my Content Marketing World 2018 recap .
An amazing event , fueled by incredibly smart and talented people .
I was happy to be there , learned a ton , and ca n't wait for next year !
Idioms and expressions bring vibrancy and character to writing .
They bring your content to life and can create interest and familiarity .
Yet all of these benefits can be squandered if you use them incorrectly .
And , unfortunately , that happens more often than we realize .
Most of us have used a particular expression before — perhaps at great length — only to find out that our interpretation of it was wrong .
In fact , this is so common that there 's a term for the mechanism that creates many of them : mondegreen .
It occurs when a phrase is misheard because it sounds like something else and then gets misused repeatedly .
There are , of course , many other reasons why people tend to get idioms wrong .
Do n't want to make the same mistake yourself ?
Check out this list of common idiomatic expressions that writers get stuck on so that you can be sure to always use them correctly .
Incorrect : I could care less .
If you could care less , then you have n't reached your bottom yet , and you are n't making your strongest point .
This phrase is actually used with alarming frequency as a result of conversation-speak .
★ Correct : I could n't care less .
Incorrect : Another thing coming .
This is an example of a misheard expression that makes sense on its own .
But when you 're familiar with the entire phrase , you understand that it misses the mark : `` If that 's what you think , then you 've got another think coming . ''
★ Correct : Another think coming .
Incorrect : Peak my interest .
Can your interest reach a peak ?
Perhaps , but there 's an actual word for that .
★ Correct : Pique my interest .
Incorrect : Without further adieu ...
If you know the difference between the words adieu and ado , then you 're ahead of the curve .
If you do n't , then you 've likely misused this idiom .
★ Correct : Without further ado ... 5 .
Incorrect : Chomping at the bit .
While the misheard version makes sense , even contextually speaking , the original version is more refined .
Instead of `` chomping , '' `` champing '' is a more formal descriptor for what horses do to bits with their mouth .
( By the way , a bit is used with a reign to control a horse . )
★ Correct : Champing at the bit .
Incorrect : Hunger pains .
It 's almost 3 p.m. and you still have n't had anything to eat .
There 's a rattle inside your stomach .
Still , you should n't say that you have `` hunger pains '' because the original phrase is meant to describe the rattling itself , not the resulting sensation .
★ Correct : Hunger pangs .
Incorrect : Step foot in .
When you want to tell someone that you absolutely would never place a foot inside a particular space , then you should n't describe the way that your feet will move .
While it does n't sound terribly wrong ( functionally , not grammatically ) , the correct version makes a bit more sense .
★ Correct : Set foot in .
Incorrect : Wreck havoc .
If you think about it , this one does n't make much sense in terms of its intended meaning .
It 's almost a double-negative .
Instead , if you 're looking to impose yourself , then you want to use the original ( and correct ) phrase .
★ Correct : Wreak havoc .
Incorrect : Nip in the butt .
This one is particularly inappropriate , as it suggests that pinching one 's butt is an effective way to curb undesirable behavior .
The correct phrase dates back to quashing issues during their infancy , before they 've grown into larger problems ( like when a bud sprouts into a flower ) .
★ Correct : Nip in the bud .
Incorrect : Beckon call .
The word `` beckon '' means to call over or request .
So , of course , this one makes sense .
However , the original phrasing was a bit more on-the-nose .
( In case you 're wondering , a `` beck '' is a signal or nod that indicates that someone 's required , and is the origin of beckon . )
★ Correct : Beck and call .
Incorrect : Case and point .
When considered after `` beck and call , '' you may be wondering why you ca n't make your `` case and point . ''
Well , there are two reasons .
The first is that the English language is n't always logical .
The other is that your case is in your point .
★ Correct : Case in point .
Want to Become an Idiom Guru ?
If you 're concerned with grammatical inaccuracies in your content , it helps to have an industry-leading , content platform by your side .
Take a tour of Acrolinx to find out how it can improve the writing your business produces .
Or download our 9 Ingredients guide to learn how Acrolinx can help you produce more delicious content .
Have you mastered the difference between i.e .
and e.g . ?
It 's not hard , but it 's one of those things that tends to trip writers up .
is an abbreviation for the Latin phrase id est , which means `` in other words . ''
Meanwhile , e.g .
stands for exempli gratia , which translates to `` for example . ''
Let 's take a closer look at the correct way to use each .
The abbreviation i.e .
is used to provide an alternate phrasing that may yield greater clarity if the original phrasing is unclear .
You use it when you anticipate that your reader may find a particular topic complex or difficult to follow .
Barring a miracle , she knew that she would only be able to rely on her two feet ( i.e. , walking ) to get back to her house .
By rephrasing , your sentence can become clearer to some , which is a sure fire way to become a more effective writer .
Use e.g. , when the concept you 're sharing can be better understood with added examples : The plaza was littered with remnants of the day 's earlier festivities ( e.g. , confetti , clever signs , and other parade staples ) .
What constitutes as an example can really run the gamut depending on the topic or concept you 're discussing .
There 's no clear-cut ruling on what qualifies and what does n't .
All that matters is that your examples help paint a clearer picture in the reader 's mind .
Grammar Laws Governing I.e .
and E.g .
With the basic ideas squared away , let 's get into the grammatical nooks and crannies .
Here are some guidelines to follow when you 're using i.e. , and e.g .
: Unless they 're at the beginning of a sentence or in a case-sensitive title ( like the title of this blog post ) , i.e .
and e.g .
should always be lowercase .
As you 've seen here , a period should be included after each letter in these abbreviations .
Use a comma after both abbreviations because most common style guides require them , including the Chicago Manual of Style and the Columbia Guide to Standard American English .
Do n't italicize i.e .
and e.g .
Because no common style guide requires it .
The words are ingrained into the American-English language and are widely recognized for what they functionally do .
Parentheses or no parentheses ?
This one 's really up to you , but most usages involve parenthetical statements and consequently require parentheses .
However , you should think of i.e .
and e.g .
in terms of the phrases they 're abbreviating : `` in other words '' and `` for example , '' respectively .
Include them in your sentence just as you would if you were to actually write out these phrases .
When using e.g .
or i.e. , it 's grammatically acceptable to include a single example or list multiple ones ( so long as you punctuate appropriately ) .
The Final Word E.g .
and i.e .
are two Latin abbreviations that get used ( and misused ) all the time .
They have enough in common that they tend to be confusing , even though their meanings are distinct and they therefore ca n't be used interchangeably .
If mastering small but important grammatical details like this are n't your thing , you 're not alone .
The good news is that with Acrolinx , you do n't have to be the expert .
Take a tour of our platform to see how it can help everyone in your organization write better content .
Content that 's not only grammatically correct , but that 's also on-brand and on-tone .
We all know how critical content is in a company 's fight for customers .
Great content builds trust and loyalty , it leads to confidence , and it drives successful business outcomes .
Creating and deploying great content is a challenge for any business .
But when you 're a large organization , that challenge usually grows .
That 's because you have to find ways to produce high-quality content across multiple teams and for multiple channels .
Plus , you 've got to promote different brands and products , and target different audiences .
The good news is that there are six key steps you can take to succeed with content marketing at scale .
Following these steps will allow you to make smart decisions , tackle content marketing strategically , and ultimately save time , money , and resources .
Step 1 : Develop a well-crafted strategy .
The first thing any large-scale content marketing effort needs is a robust , documented content strategy .
To build your strategy , you need to establish several core elements : your brand story and identity , your company 's mission , and customer personas for your target audience .
You also need to outline your goals and the ways you 're going to achieve them .
SMART ( specific , measurable , achievable , relevant , and time-bound ) goals are a true and tested way to achieve this .
But make sure these goals always tie back to your company 's broader business objectives .
Step 2 : Hire the right mix of people .
You 're only ever as good as the people who work for you .
That means you need talented , driven people who work well as a team and are committed to your strategy .
Good talent costs money , so you need to hire people who will best fit your organization 's needs .
You ca n't just grow your team haphazardly .
It 's better to do it strategically .
When you 're creating content at scale and expanding , you can have dozens , if not hundreds , of writers .
And you 'll need them all working from the same playbook .
You 'll also need employees in other roles to drive and create content , manage technologies , and shape strategy .
Creating content at scale is n't simply a question of employing more people .
It 's about maximizing your resources , finding efficiencies , and building a well-organized team .
Step 3 : Use detailed and methodical processes .
Even if you have the best team and the best strategy , it 'll be hard to succeed without solid and robust processes .
You need to implement a detailed framework to keep everyone aligned and aware of what they need to do .
When you document and clearly express your processes , it 's easier to onboard new staff , keep operations continuous , and ensure projects are on time and on schedule .
Your team needs to know exactly how your business creates content .
For example : How the review and approval cycles work What the brand guidelines are How content is distributed How content performance is measured It is n't about stifling creativity .
Explicit , well-documented processes improve consistency , and save your content creators precious time .
Step 4 : Create compelling and high-quality content .
Audiences love compelling , useful , and interesting content that 's delivered regularly and without agenda .
Your organization probably is n't the only one producing content on a given topic .
So it 's very important that every piece you create is original , creative , and demonstrates superior knowledge and insight .
Your content needs to be clear , readable , accurate , and in your brand voice .
When you 're under pressure to push out tons of content , it 's easy to let mistakes slip through .
But , if you 're regularly publishing content that 's poorly written , repetitive , or full of errors , your audience will quickly abandon you .
Step 5 : Harness powerful technology .
There are dozens of tools you can include in your content marketing stack to supercharge your content marketing efforts .
Maintaining consistency across a large , content-producing organization is no small feat .
Using technology to automate clarity , readability , and brand voice keeps your content hitting that high mark .
Data-driven technologies can also provide valuable insights into your customers ' behavior , helping you create the kind of content they want to consume .
You need to know how your content is performing , so using tools to identify where you should focus your efforts helps you work smarter and more efficiently .
Step 6 : Focus on continuous improvement .
Just because you 've found a formula that works does n't mean it ca n't be improved .
You need to continually look for ways to create efficiencies and achieve better results .
Today 's technologies can provide you with vast amounts of information on how your operations are performing and give you insights into how to improve them .
New eBook shares more details Creating great content at scale does n't need to be hard .
By approaching it strategically and intelligently , and harnessing the appropriate technologies , you can create high-quality , successful content .
And at volumes and frequency you never thought possible .
To learn more about creating great content at scale , download our new eBook How to Build a Content Marketing Program at Scale : Six Must-Have Components .
Halloween is one of the spookiest times of year .
If you 're a content professional , the only thing scarier than a low-budget horror movie or a Stephen King novel are your haunting content mistakes .
Let 's face it , bad writing and bad content are pretty horrifying .
In this post , we 'll look at some of the most gruesome and truly frightening mistakes that no writer can afford to make .
Failing to proofread Image source Maybe you 're in a hurry and you think it 's ok to just skim through your copy .
Do n't !
Spelling and grammar mistakes are among the biggest turn offs for readers .
It looks unprofessional and lazy , and diminishes your authority .
If you 're not a natural grammar whiz , then get your colleagues to put some fresh eyes on your content .
Or , you could even hire a proofreader .
Better yet , why not use software that will check it for you ?
Remember , even the best of us miss things sometimes , so it 's essential to always check , check , and recheck your work .
Not citing your sources Anyone can make big claims in their content , but if they 're not backed up by citations , they lose impact .
Worse yet , you 're not giving credit where credit is due .
You do n't need to back up every assertion , but you should cite statistics and major ideas that are n't your own or are n't commonly known .
You do n't want to be accused of plagiarism .
Referencing out of date or unreputable sources Image source Finding new and reputable research can take time and effort , but it 's worth it .
Linking to outdated statistics to make a point about a current scenario is n't only lazy , it could invalidate your entire argument .
Industry , educational , and government websites all have a treasure trove of evidence you can use .
If you find a good stat mentioned in a less-than-authoritative article , go and find the original research .
If you put in the work , you 'll find the treats , while avoiding the tricks .
Not knowing your audience Not knowing your audience is one of the worst content creation mistakes you can make .
Do n't assume you know who you 're trying to reach .
Instead , take the time to find out .
There 's no point in creating highly technical content for a layperson , or watered-down articles for academics .
By knowing your audience , you 'll be able to create content that resonates with them , rather than leaving them in a scary rage .
Neglecting headlines and subheadings The headline you choose can make all the difference about whether or not someone will read your article .
It needs to be engaging and alert the reader to what they should expect .
Subheadings break up walls of text , allowing readers to scan and hone in on the parts of your content that are most relevant to them .
People have short attention spans .
You need to do everything you can to draw them in .
Producing boring , repetitive content Content creators are under constant pressure to produce innovative , interesting content for their clients .
It can be easy to get stuck in a rut .
Is this fresh and new ?
Is it relevant ?
Is it a new angle on the subject ?
To avoid falling into this trap , take the time to do original research , read up on the industry , and look for new takes .
Your content is n't diverse enough Mix up the kinds of content you 're creating .
Sticking to the same format every time gets stale .
After all , there 's more to life than blog posts .
You could use longer form content , infographics , how-tos , case studies , and educational articles .
Keeping it fresh means keeping your readers coming back .
Your topics are too narrow Successful content marketing strategies look to stretch the topics they cover .
If you 're only writing about one topic — say your product or service — your readers are bound to abandon you .
Good content marketing produces articles on a range of topics , including those that are only tangentially related to what you 're selling .
So if you want to reach new audiences who may have never heard of you before , try expanding your repertoire .
Your content is n't meaty enough Whether your piece is 300 words or 2,000+ words , it needs to have value and give the reader something to take away .
While longer form content is becoming more popular , longer content does n't necessarily mean better content .
Make sure you 're giving the reader actual meat and not just fat .
Keep your content lean , bloody , and on point .
You 're not producing evergreen content Writing about trending topics is important , and can help with views and shares .
However , timeless or `` evergreen '' content has lasting value beyond that week or year .
It does n't become obsolete and will bring in new traffic and readers long term .
Like the immortal Dracula , it 'll live forever .
Do n't get spooked by your mistakes We all make errors , but by keeping your eyes peeled ( figuratively , not literally ) you should be able to shock your readers by your brilliant content , not by your horrifying mistakes .
For more on how error-free content can double the impact of your content strategy , grab a copy of our research report : The ROI of Great Content
Content marketing .
It 's one of the most important things that companies can do to build their brand , attract and retain loyal customers , and boost their bottom line .
That 's why over the past decade or so , producing content has become firmly entrenched in commercial marketing efforts .
Today , 91 percent of B2B businesses say they use content marketing .
And yet , only a third of those businesses think their organization has a robust , tactical approach to creating and distributing effective , targeted , and valuable content .
So what gives ?
At the heart of every successful content marketing effort is a sound and well-established content strategy .
If you do n't have one and are n't reaching your goals , that 's probably why .
An effective content strategy should drive audience engagement , boost your brand , and provide a healthy return on your investment .
To do this , you need to establish a strategy that sets out your goals and tactics , keeps you on target , and helps you measure your results .
Let 's look at the elements of a killer content strategy and some resources you can consult to help get you there .
SMART goals First off , you need to have goals that are specific , measurable , achievable , relevant , and time-bound ( i.e. , SMART goals ) , and they need to be well-documented .
Without them , your strategy will be aimless and meandering and will have little chance of success .
Establishing both short- and long-term strategic goals gives you and your team direction , purpose , and a common mission .
For more resources on setting goals , check out : SMART Goals : How to Make Your Goals Achievable ( Mind Tools ) 10 Content Marketing Goals Worth Pursuing ( CopyBlogger ) What Are 4 Key Goals in Content Marketing ?
( JeffBullas.com ) Brand story To communicate properly with your target audience , you need to understand your brand 's identity .
Identifying who you are as a company , what your organization does , and what its values and mission are , all help create a unique identity .
From there , you can establish a consistent personality and tone of voice that will build trust and confidence in your target market .
In a world where millions of businesses are desperate to make their voice stand out , you need to create a brand story that sets you apart and resonates with your customers .
For resources on developing your brand story , check out : How to Create an Authentic Brand Story That Actually Improves Trust ( Neil Patel ) Tell Your Brand 's Story — The Beginner 's Guide to Online Marketing ( Quick Sprout ) There 's an Art to Telling Your Brand 's Story : 4 Ways to Get It Right ( Entrepreneur ) Style guidelines You ca n't create consistent , high-quality content if you do n't have documented style guidelines to follow .
These should cover everything from your company 's preferences on issues like grammar and punctuation to the use of words and phrases , naming conventions , terminology , and your company 's unique tone of voice .
To create good content , you need it to be well-written and absolutely consistent .
That makes a style guide a must-have part of your strategy .
For resources on creating style guidelines , check out : 6 Steps to Creating Your Content Marketing Style Guide ( Content Marketing Institute ) Creating a Successful Style Guide for Your Brand ( Help Scout ) Building a Visual Language ( Airbnb ) Customer personas Who are you trying to reach ?
If you want your strategy to succeed , you need to identify your exact intended audience .
And do n't just stop at demographics .
You also need to understand what drives them .
What do they care about ?
What are their pain points ?
How do they expect you to communicate with them ?
How can you help them ?
Once you 've got that down , you can target them more effectively .
For resources on developing customer personas , check out : How to Create Highly Accurate Customer Personas for Marketing ( NeilPatel.com ) The Complete , Actionable Guide to Marketing Personas ( Buffer App ) How to Create Detailed Buyer Personas for Your Business ( HubSpot ) Competitive research If you 're not asking what your competitors are doing , then you 're missing a trick .
Do n't create a strategy without considering the wider landscape of your industry .
You need to find out what tactics and strategies your peers are using .
What works for them and what does n't ?
Are they employing clever tactics you 've overlooked ?
Once you know how they 're operating , you can measure your performance against theirs and figure out how to differentiate yourself in the market .
For resources on conducting competitive research , check out : How to Conduct Competitive Analysis to Step Up Your Content Strategy ( HubSpot ) The Guide to Content Marketing Competitive Intelligence ( Search Engine Journal ) How to Do a Competitive Content Marketing Analysis ( Content Marketing Institute ) Keywords Great content is swell , but your customers need to be able to find it easily .
Identifying which keywords to target as part of your SEO strategy is vital to ensuring that your content comes up in customer searches .
Whether you use a digital strategist or do your own research in-house , you need to know what keywords customers are using and create a plan as to how your various content assets will help you rank for the most important ones .
For resources on keywords and SEO strategies , check out : Beginner 's Guide to SEO ( MOZ ) SEO : A Comprehensive Guide for Beginners ( Neil Patel ) A Complete Guide to Getting Started in SEO ( Search Engine Journal ) Promotion and distribution You know what content you 're creating , and how you 're going to do it .
Now you need to figure out exactly how you 're going to reach your intended audience .
There are so many channels available that it can be mind-boggling .
But , when you know which ones are most likely to connect you with your target market , you 'll have a better chance at conversion .
For resources on promoting and distributing your content , check out : Content Promotion ( MOZ ) 17 Advanced Methods for Promoting Your New Piece of Content ( Neil Patel ) 50 Ways to Drive Traffic to Your Next Article ( Orbit Media Studios ) KPIs You need to know what 's working and what is n't .
Otherwise you 're wasting your content marketing efforts .
Key performance indicators ( KPIs ) are fundamental to any strategy .
You need clear metrics that show what you 're aiming for and how successful you are at getting there .
By constantly measuring and tracking your progress against established metrics , you 'll use precious resources more efficiently and see better results .
For resources on KPIs , check out : 8 KPIs Your Content Marketing Measurement Should Include ( Content Marketing Institute ) Content Marketing KPIs and Metrics : 15 Important Considerations ( Search Engine Journal ) 5 Ways to Translate Your Content Marketing Goals into Key Performance Indicators ( Content Marketing Institute ) Do n't slack off : Keep your strategy current It 's easy to sit back and relax once you feel you have a good content strategy in place , but you should n't ever stop trying to make improvements .
Review your strategy regularly and make adjustments .
Be sure to take advantage of new technologies and advances , and respond to changes in the market or industry .
Keeping your strategy updated , comprehensive , and well-documented will propel your content marketing to the next level .
To learn more about creating a great content strategy as your organization grows , download our recent eBook `` How to Build a Content Marketing Program at Scale . ''
Of all of the benefits that content has to offer , being able to help build better relationships with customers has to be one of the best .
That 's because content creation is n't just a way to relate information about your products and services .
It 's also an opportunity to show your personality , establish trust , be helpful , and demonstrate expertise .
All of these things lead to better audience engagement .
And that , ultimately , is good for your bottom line .
Let 's look at five tips on how to use content to build rock star relationships with your customers .
Tip # 1 : Create high-quality content that 's personalized for your audience .
Let 's start with the basics .
Who are your customers ?
What do they need ?
What are their pain points and how can you address them ?
You need to think very carefully about every aspect of the people you 're targeting .
Understand what matters to them and what they need to know .
Then , arm them with ideas that help them solve their problems .
When you establish yourself as an expert who understands and anticipates your customers ' needs , you can build trusting and mutually beneficial relationships .
All the more so , when your content is so well written that it 's a pleasure to read .
Tip # 2 : Instead of selling products , tell stories .
In content marketing , it 's crucial not to sell to an audience .
Instead , try to use storytelling to show that you understand what your audience needs and can offer strong solutions .
Do n't ever straight up sell unless you 're confident your buyers are ready to be sold to .
Storytelling can be hard , but it 's worth doing .
Consumers are much more clever these days , and they appreciate brands that are honestly trying to help them , without constantly pushing their own agenda .
When brands deliver useful and relevant information that directly feeds into customers ' interests and needs , they build trust and authority .
Good content does n't just flog products and services , it offers solutions .
Tip # 3 : Enable two-way communication .
Communication is a two-way street .
Customers expect to be equal partners in that conversation .
They need to be able to communicate with you easily , whether that 's through instant chat , a bot , email , or through social media .
Brands need to be constantly turned on .
That means responsive , friendly , polite , and helpful at all times .
Most important of all , you 've got to be able to help solve problems in real time .
You need to let your customers know they matter — to you and to your brand .
Nothing hurts worse than radio silence .
So engage , engage , engage .
Relationships between brands and customers are n't always easy to manage , but just like personal ones , good communication is the key to success .
Tip # 4 : Be transparent , authentic , and reliable .
When a brand breaks its audience 's trust , it can be disastrous for the company 's reputation and bottom line .
Today 's consumers place a lot of emphasis on honesty and integrity .
That means content creators should strive to create content that 's as transparent and authentic as possible .
With so many communication channels at their fingertips , consumers can easily catch a company in a lie , or even just fudging the truth .
If you want to build a brand with integrity , your content must always be honest and reliable .
You need to supply valuable content day in and day out , and always demonstrate your commitment to your customers and to helping them achieve their goals .
Tip # 5 : Focus on both the long and short game .
Successful content does much more than offer a solution , tell a story , or sell a product .
It can establish your company as an expert in your field .
When you build up a knowledge-base and are seen as the go-to source for advice and information , you 're building relationships with people who could one day become your future customers .
Down the road , they may remember your expertise , the knowledge you shared , and even your distinctive brand voice .
When they 're ready to buy , that 's a great way of ensuring your company comes to mind .
Good content marketing does n't just attract and engage current customers .
It patiently ushers potential customers into a long-term pipeline .
Keep your content customer-focused .
Smart content marketing puts the customer front and center , and builds relationships that attract and retain loyalty , as well as sales .
Admittedly , it 's a constant challenge to nurture these relationships .
But , by leading with great content , you can go a long way toward creating the kind of meaningful connections that ultimately drive sales .
Learn more about how Acrolinx ensures content marketing success in our newest eBook , The Content Marketing Triple Threat : 3 Pitfalls You 've Got ta Avoid .
Consistency has to be one of the greatest unsung heroes of a successful content strategy .
Even though it matters so much , we still take it for granted .
Maybe it 's because maintaining consistency is a lot easier said than done .
Just a decade or two ago , communication between brands and customers was usually one-sided .
And it was limited to just a handful of channels , dictated by the brand in question .
That meant creating consistent content was pretty easy .
Today , it 's a different story .
The rise of social media and other digital channels , along with increasing globalization , has made things a lot harder .
Producing vast amounts of content quickly , accurately , and consistently , across so many different channels , is nothing short of amazing .
Challenging though it may be , companies that produce consistent content reap the rewards .
In fact , companies with consistent branding and communication are worth up to 20 percent more than those that lack it .
Meanwhile , 82 percent of content marketing 's top performers say their organization always or frequently delivers content consistently .
With that in mind , let 's look at four reasons why creating consistent content should always be one of your top priorities .
Reason # 1 : It builds brand awareness .
To stand out from your competitors , your organization needs to build a unique brand that 's instantly recognizable .
And we 're not just talking in terms of the logo and corporate colors .
Your brand 's voice also needs to be consistent , whether you 're tweeting , blogging , creating videos , or producing eBooks .
Today 's consumers expect a lot from brands .
They want them to be responsive , helpful , and trustworthy .
A good , consistent brand voice resonates with customers , speaks to them , and understands them .
And it speaks in a language they can relate to .
The key is n't just to be prolific with your content , but also to ensure that it 's consistent , visible , and relatable .
Reason # 2 : It establishes authority and credibility .
When an organization produces top-notch , consistent , and useful content , it establishes itself as a go-to authority in the industry .
Consumers are drawn to trusted brands that know what they 're talking about .
They look for brands that present themselves as wanting to help their customers , rather than just wanting to sell .
When you deliver high-quality content that addresses consumers ' needs and wants , and offers solutions to their problems , your brand achieves credibility , legitimacy , and loyalty .
Reason # 3 : It engages audiences .
Keeping existing customers is cheaper and easier than acquiring new ones .
Regular , useful content can help maintain the relationship with your audience , and reinforce your company as the go-to brand to help them solve their problems .
But it 's not worth producing content , no matter how good , if you 're not doing so regularly and reliably .
If customers ca n't count on you to continue to offer them the help they expect , they 're likely to drop off .
If you have n't updated your blog in years , potential clients might think you 've lost interest in them , or worse , you 're no longer in business .
Likewise , ensuring that all of your content is written in a consistent style and brand voice is essential .
It 's completely necessary for drawing your audience in and making them feel comfortable with your business .
Reason # 4 : Customers love consistency .
Content is one of the most successful ways for your brand to connect with its customers — but only if it 's done right .
That means creating content strategically , intelligently , and consistently .
Repeated and uniform customer experiences help to establish a customer 's confidence in a company .
And with so many companies investing more time and money in creating content , consistency is often a big factor in distinguishing the best brands from their competitors .
If your content and communications are n't consistent , you 're putting yourself and your brand at a serious disadvantage .
Fortunately , a platform like Acrolinx can help by optimizing your content for consistency in all the key parts of your strategy : tone of voice , terminology , style , and readability .
That way , you can turn your attention to higher-value work and still be confident that you 're hitting all the right marks .
It 's a great way to get consistent , targeted content , without all the hassle .
Learn more about how Acrolinx can help you produce consistent content that keeps your audience coming back for more .
Not that long ago , businesses that produced content as part of their communication strategy had a relatively straightforward job .
They might have a writer or two , an editor , and a limited selection of channels where they published their content .
Today , by contrast , in a world that 's becoming increasingly digital , brands are finding it a lot easier to produce , publish , and promote tons of content .
Not only that , they 're pushing all that content out through an ever-expanding array of distribution channels .
It 's this humongous task that often leads to challenges .
In fact , what it often results in is content chaos .
That chaos can easily undermine all the effort your organization has put into reaping the benefits of content .
By leading to inefficiencies and inaccuracies .
Where chaos creeps in More people are creating , editing , and publishing than ever before .
A global brand might have hundreds or thousands of authors creating content , most of whom probably are n't professional writers .
Unfortunately , as the number of content creators in your organization multiplies , the consistency and quality of your company 's content usually suffers .
It becomes much harder to ensure accurate spelling and grammar , the correct use of terminology , and the right tone of voice for your brand .
All the more so if you 're translating your content for global audiences .
And guess what .
Problems like these just ca n't be solved by hiring more editors .
To manage the huge variety of content formats and distribution channels your enterprise targets , you need a well-documented content strategy .
Well , just imagine that you 're producing blogs , white papers , tweets , podcasts , webinars , product guides , and advertising materials , among other content .
Not only that , you 're housing it in knowledge bases , customer service databases , self-service support sites , tech documentation centers , and marketing hubs .
Plus , you 're publishing it on websites , social media platforms , GitHub repositories , and more .
If you 're not keeping track of what needs to be published where and when , and do n't have a calendar for future publications , your content is at risk .
Chaos will inevitably sneak in , creating fragmentation , duplication , quality and consistency issues , and buyer confusion .
And that can cost your business a fortune .
Paying the price for content chaos Content chaos is expensive .
Inefficient content creation processes put pressure on valuable resources .
If your editing , review , and approval processes are burdensome and long , then delays in getting the content to market will erode its value .
Not only that , if content gets passed among too many people , it can get lost , stuck in silos , or end up being duplicated , which wastes time and effort .
Without robust strategies for translating content accurately and on-brand , those costs will skyrocket too .
While these things all add up , the biggest cost is how it affects your customers .
Today 's consumers expect high-quality , valuable , interesting content , delivered to them when and where they need it .
Content is an essential part of the customer journey .
It 's critical for building trust and brand recognition , and establishing loyalty .
If you 're not delivering great content , your customers might go elsewhere .
Content chaos creates confusing , fragmented , and inconsistent customer experiences .
Content that 's off-strategy , off-brand , undiscoverable , or irrelevant will damage your business and hand your competitors an easy advantage .
That 's a cost your organization ca n't afford to bear .
Time to rethink how you govern your content Successfully creating , publishing , and managing great content is a boon for any business .
But content chaos can undermine that , so you need to tackle it head on .
Consider changing how you think about content governance .
Active Content Governance — a systematic approach to managing your content strategy — has emerged as a discipline in response to the chaos created by huge demand and increasing digitization .
It may be the solution your business needs .
To learn more about eliminating chaotic content and implementing Active Content Governance , download the Acrolinx Active Content Governance Playbook here .
Content is one of the most effective business tools you have .
It 's a way to attract , engage , and keep prospects and customers , and get them to take specific actions .
And , when used correctly , it can help you achieve an array of business goals .
Whether that 's building brand awareness , generating leads , or boosting revenue , taking the time to produce great content makes sense .
But for content marketing to work over the long haul , you need to figure out how to optimize your content creation efforts .
It 's not just about publishing great content that resonates with your audience and differentiates you from your competitors .
You also need to produce it as efficiently and cost-effectively as possible .
In other words , it 's about finding your content marketing sweet spot .
As you can imagine , creating a powerful content engine is as much art as science .
And while the creative parts of coming up with great content are something you learn from experience , to get the science part right , you need the data-driven insights that come from content analytics .
Specifically , you need to measure what you 're doing , the results you 're achieving , and how those results square with the investment you 're making .
Fundamentally , there are four main types of analytics every content team needs to consider to get the best results .
They are : ( 1 ) Content production metrics With content production metrics , you 're simply keeping tabs on if you 're actually delivering all the content you 've said you 'll create as part of your goals .
If you 've committed to publishing two blog posts a week , a biweekly podcast , a monthly case study , and two eBooks every quarter , are you actually producing all of that ?
Keeping track of this stuff is an important reality check .
If your content team is n't meeting its commitments , it could mean you 're trying to do too much with too few resources .
Or maybe it 's a sign that you 're not allocating your resources efficiently .
( 2 ) Content performance metrics Any time you publish a piece of content , the usual knee-jerk reaction is to look for immediate validation about how well it performed .
How many people saw it ?
Liked it ?
Shared it ?
And while this kind of information can be motivating , the reality is that not all of the metrics in this category are equally useful .
In fact , when it comes to helping you deliver better business outcomes , only a handful actually matter .
Think of content performance metrics as falling into two buckets .
There are the so-called vanity metrics ( number of views , listens , sessions , users , and so on ) .
They 're a clear indication that you 're reaching more people , but that may not actually help drive meaningful business results .
And then there are the metrics that demonstrate how you 're actually helping your company meet its goals .
These include things like number of goal completions , the length of your sales cycle , and your customer service costs .
The bottom line is that content performance metrics are important , but you have to know which ones have real implications for your business and which ones do n't .
And even though you want to improve all of these metrics , remember that the only one that ultimately matters to your executive team is how you helped drive sales by delivering qualified leads .
( 3 ) ROI metrics All of the metrics we 've looked at so far are useful , but ROI metrics take things a step further .
They demonstrate the value you 're creating for your business by investing time and money in content .
Unfortunately , calculating the ROI of your content is a lot easier said than done .
In fact , according to research from HubSpot , 40 percent of marketers say that proving the ROI of their marketing activities is their top marketing challenge .
But it 's an activity that 's worth doing .
Marketers who calculate ROI report they 're 1.6 times more likely to receive higher budgets .
When it comes to ROI metrics , two things matter : How much value your content is generating overall and how much it 's generating on a piece-by-piece or type-by-type basis .
That way , you can measure your ROI in general , and also for specific assets and types of assets .
ROI metrics are important because they can retroactively help you rationalize your existence .
It 's one thing to demonstrate value by using the right performance metrics , but you also need to balance that against the cost of what you 're doing .
ROI metrics will help you bridge that gap .
To calculate ROI , you can use this process from the Content Marketing Institute .
( 4 ) Content quality and governance metrics The major flaw that all the metrics we 've discussed here share is that they 're only available once you 've published your content .
And while you can still use them to adjust your content and your content marketing program , you 're always left doing so after the fact .
To get the best results , you also need metrics that help you optimize your content and your content creation processes before you ever publish anything .
Specifically , you need : Content quality metrics .
These include things like the clarity and accuracy of your content , its tone of voice , and how consistent it is with your company 's unique brand standards and terminology .
By evaluating these things before you publish , and making the necessary changes , you can reliably enhance the chances of your content getting the best results .
Governance metrics .
There are a number of metrics that are important to capture and use to help make your content creation teams more efficient .
For example , your content managers care about quality trends , readability trends , editing cost savings , frequency of terminology usage , and individual and overall authoring scores and improvement .
Meanwhile , your translation manager cares about content length , content clarity , and translation savings .
And , at the point of publishing , management cares about content usage , conversion , and user satisfaction .
Better Content Marketing One Metric at a Time Make no mistake .
To be successful at content marketing , you need to measure what you 're doing and the impact it 's having on your business .
But that does n't mean you have to get bogged down in the data or become a victim of analysis paralysis .
It 's up to you to decide which metrics you 'll track , at what frequency , and how .
To help , we 've just published `` The Definitive Guide to Content Analytics : Understanding the Data That Matters Most for Successful Content Marketing '' a comprehensive guide that goes into a lot more detail about each of these metrics .
Download it now and you 'll be on the path to achieving greater success with all your content initiatives .
How to eliminate content chaos in 4 steps .
Let 's face it .
Your problem today is n't about having enough content .
It 's about governing all the content you 're already producing .
And by govern , we mean making sure it 's all on message , targeted for the right audience , in the correct tone of voice , and well-aligned with your company 's goals and strategy .
The bigger your organization , the harder this is to pull off .
With so many people ( most not professional writers ) contributing content to your corporate website , social media channels , knowledge bases , technical documentation , marketing hubs , and more , it 's easy for your content to miss the mark , confuse customers , or go to waste .
We call this content chaos and it 's costing your company a lot of time and money .
The good news is that the right content governance strategy can easily solve the challenges of content chaos .
And when you approach content governance in a systematic way , it can provide a framework that sets you up for ongoing content success .
To help get you started , we 've broken content governance into four actionable steps .
Step 1 : Capture and digitize your content strategy .
A sound content strategy establishes a set of goals , policies , processes , and metrics for your content .
It answers questions like : Who is your content meant for ?
Does it include the topics they care about ?
What actions do you want the people who read it to take ?
How will you know if the content works ?
What brand messages need to be part of the story ?
What tone of voice is best suited for the audience you 're trying to reach ?
What keywords will help make the content findable ?
The tricky thing about content strategies is that they 're only effective when they 're readily available and understood by all the people who work on your content .
That means you need to make them accessible — and keep them dynamic — by capturing them digitally .
When people talk about Content Governance , they 're really talking about Content Strategy – understanding what content is for , then taking active steps to ensure it meets its goals .
— Dr. Andrew Bredenkamp , Acrolinx CEO Step 2 : Establish your position today .
If you do n't know where you are , it 's hard to figure out where you need to be .
Analyzing your current position helps you clarify what you need to do .
An important next step of content governance is establishing your position today .
Through this process , you might find that only 5 percent of your published content is shared , when your goal is 35 percent .
Or that only 7 percent of your content is reviewed before it 's published , compared with your goal of 80 percent .
Or your tone of voice scores for your support topics are far too low and you want to see 40 percent improvement in the next 6 months .
By comparing your strategy to reality , you 'll easily see where the gaps are , so you can focus your efforts on areas of concern .
Our existing content processes were failing us .
We needed to take a look at more evolved strategies .
— Laura Bellamy , Director of Content Strategy & Operations , VMware Step 3 : Align your content creation to the goals you 've set .
You can measure and track your content 's effectiveness all you like , but you also need to be able to step in and make the right improvements .
A key function of content governance is that it actively helps your content creators produce the best content they can .
Improvements can range from guiding writers to use the correct terminology and maintain the right tone of voice , to including the right SEO keywords and phrases , to achieving ongoing consistency and readability .
With authoring guidance , content creators can see how their content measures up as they write , whether they 're in Word , Google Docs , Wordpress , or another authoring tool .
Best-in-class organizations use documented content strategy plans to drive clarity and alignment throughout the content lifecycle to ensure maximum quality , relevance , and performance .
— Sirius Decisions Step 4 : Measure , report , and keep improving .
Content analytics are hugely important in the quest for more effective content .
Not only do they help with goal setting , they also help you monitor progress , recognize success , and see how different areas of your business are tracking to the content KPIs .
And bad results are n't necessarily all bad news .
They give you the means to identify areas of concern and allow you to redirect resources where they 're needed most .
A robust set of analytics is a critical ingredient in the content governance process .
Analytics allow you to evaluate and then optimize your content and your content creation processes before you ever publish anything .
On the path to enterprise content governance .
Getting your arms around your content operations can seem overwhelming , but this four-step action plan will start you on the path to active content governance .
When coupled with an AI-powered content governance platform , you 'll be able to capture your strategy , establish your current position , align every content contributor with the goals you 've set , and measure and track your success .
It 's really the best way to eliminate content chaos from your business once and for all .
✔ Capture your strategy ✔ Establish where you are today ✔ Align contributors to the right goals ✔ Measure and track your success To learn more about implementing content governance , check out the Acrolinx Active Content Governance Playbook .
It delivers everything you need to get content governance going in your organization .
