Now the devils hell hounds are tracking his every step .
Tell her to get a life
You ca n't do what you are asking .
As long as he really does n't know the chicks it wo n't matter ...
He will love you so much more ...
My wife gave me a kiss and took off with the kids .
My e-mail is jakb6hsm @ yahoo.com I like new friends
I dunno ... maybe I 'm just not born 2 lie 2 much .
So that 's why I went with matt .
Some places to go to : beaches , restaurants , ... etc .
It does n't mean he does n't love you .
Sounds like he 's playing hard to get ... and you are n't .
I like it from the back !
Hell , the other Saturday morning , I had to pretend to be a shemale like 6 times !
Well ... if he does n't even know who you are it looks really hard ... but it is worth trying
Knock that bastard upside his head .
You need to get a job if you asking questions like that .
Oh God , try talking to him first .
And I do n't really think too much about it .
But everytime I get back its the same crap over again .
If she likes you then she should know that your new at it .
Yes you should , give him his walking papers .
I asked her to dance and we are now friends .
Call her and tell her how much you love her
you are jus experiencing new things which is a gud thing .
No everything everyone else said is true also .
If you do n't use it , you lose it
Someone else might take the opportunity ... DO N'T BE LATE .
Yes it is but are you in love ?
But he tells me that they do n't mean anything to him .
Have someone else tell him for you .
He must have been a friend at one time .
Ask from your sister she give sutiable answer to you
Depends if your a guy or a girl LOL
Are you implying there is something not good about me !
Earth try it I hear there are a lot of girls there !
MOVE ON girl @ go have fun !
If you really like her it shouldnt matter at all .
Why should she miss anyone who in the first place wasnt hers ?
They can never be what you are .
They do n't see them , they feel them
I would n't worry about things like that !
Its exciting , especially when you have the butterflies in your stomach !
I 'm male , so it must be sex ...
? / Why men are stronger ant tougher and more honest and resposible , and hardworking ?
A question that left you busting up laughing
DO n't marry that girl at all , she is using you .
Good luck buddy you will need it .
No , do n't ask him , instead push his buttons so that he asks you out .
And look at pictures of guys .
He wants a break , your boring him or he 's haviing sex with someone else
Please , do n't do this , you deserve nmore . You can but do n't .
I dunno because me and my fiance are like that to .
Love her , trust her , she will love you all the more for it .
I 'm s loud we got complaints from our neighbors ... no joke
Well he wo n't be married much longer .
I have same idea with westling
You will know ... you will feel it !
Yes it is the french that everyone was using ... but this also works ...
So if you find the answer let me know .
Other than that , there should be no reason why you should n't go out with him .
Listen to your mind and heart .
Jealousy is a heck of a demon to fight .
I think it would be cool .
Honey , trust me I am a guy .
And definitely consider asking your older sis again .
Read this article and say whatever you can to stop her !
My old man do n't he just go right to it and get in it
Click on my avatar and check out my questions ... they are like identicle !
He got way too many girl friends help me I 'm confused !
I believe being with someone is the best !
Or , one day , slap him with a kiss !
I want to get back with him so bad .
At least he wants you involved in it !
Seducing a woman it 's a great feeling , an achievment .
Tell him to go to hell !
Buy her a rose bouquet for v-day and ask her out .
You do n't actually have to ask her to be your girlfriend .
If he is hot and you really like him , I would but that 's my opinion know you decide
If it 's DURING sex she 's NOT a virgin !
Erkannss14 @ hotmail.com add me and we talk this subject later
Not even free lunch or fireworks .
I just like to get some advice .
Look you just have to be normal .
How can I go and talk to her ?
Do n't text and ask , that 's lame !
Just do n't go overboard with all your planning !
Afterall she has lived her life all these days jus 4 you ...
And this is the first time I ever had to do anything like this for anyone ... PLEASE HELP ME !
No ... why ca n't a guy talk to another girl without his girlfriend thinking he is cheating ?
I was chatting wit a guy 2 hrs .
You are such green minded people !
That jus means you like to see your self
No matter what stand up for your self .
The same reason most women are stupid !
Do n't try that , plz your life will be ended
I want to so bad but I do n't just want to do it .
If its a different one each week I doubt it ... but check the signs : eye contack and flirting
Sweetie , love conquers all ... what are you so worried about ?
Trust me I am a relationship dr .
If I like a guy I ask him out before another girl out him out .
But that takes time to develope .
Remember bill gates was probably dateless and considered ugly and stupid and look at him now .
God is happy when 2 people love each other- regardless of their sex .
Men want ladies out in public , and sluts at home in the bedroom .
Dunno , cook him dinner , show him you care .
Well ask him or ask your friends that know him and they might know .
Take a hint , she does n't want you .
Ai n't the size kiddo , it 's how you use it .
No I do n't care about my boyfriend 's .
Go out with one of his friends and see how he takes it ...
Youhave some work to do there .
What can I do with her for fun after school ?
Have a serious talk with and tell her that it is childish and you are getting older .
We are better liers than guys are ...
They end up thinking you ` re a total bastard .
Then see if he still wants to be around .
You just can not force yourself on anyone or you will not have anyone .
But do n't be like are you a virgin .
Well I think you should introduce your self .
I 'll try anything once and again if I like it
As for what to do ... do n't DO anything .
Older as in 3 - 5 yrs so he 's a lot matured
Do you really want to spend the rest of you life with someone like that .
I say ... that whatever your instinct tells you is happening ... is happening .
Do n't be dumb and stupid , be average in intelligence .
Beside now this days its hard to find a virgin !
Its basically deciding who I want to marry .
Both is nice ... Just depending on what kinda Mood/or Day we are all having = ) ...
He lies to me and hangs up in my face .
And just do it , if yo wait you will never get anywhere .
Is he ruining his life or what ?
Nope , but who is really happy anyway ?
What do you like bieng asked ?
Everything reminds me of him and what used to be .
Here I expect he will go to jail even though you say it was mutual .
I can fall in love after one month .
If you do n't trust him then how can he loves you or you love him .
Why my ex b/f keeps tryin to make me jealous ...
what 's the worst thing they can say ?
Rent everything and have one of your family members take pictures and recordings .
She might do it agin oh and thanks I 'll let him know .
I guess I do n't really get too concerned about it .
are you and your spouse still together ?
You might not like it but pretend to .
Find some Barry White stuff , it works .
Then you do n't have a relationship .
I am a 20 yo female .
But to much of a good thing can turn in to a bother .
And you just want to be yourself .
If you want to cry while talking to her cry .
It 's about the one you 're with .
Become a friend to a women first .
If I got that same kiss today I 'd be very dissapointed .
My love ... aka my girlfriend aka my everything aka she 's perfect ...
Friends are hard to come by ...
I know my ex did me the same way .
So I guess a little of both
Be yourself and see what happens
Anger makes you say YOU CA N'T HURT ME ANYMORE !
Go and have your breast treated and get them reduced and look sexy
That you aint getting none homie
I wouldnt dump my girl over those I have gotten nude pics from .
Do n't run he is just talking .
Cheat on you then write a note .
Let him be , he 's not for you , he 's giving you bad advice .
I see him once in a while and I made the right decision .
A 23 year old guy tht never had intercourse with any girl !
Well it depends on if you have feelings for her still .
Stop having sex with him which you should not be doing in the first place ...
It is ok to like him even though others do not .
He even slept with his best friends wife .
They are so beautiful and lovely
And what does it stands for ?
Who can put me back together
Unless your best friend is suggesting this to you I say no way .
do n't care about them just leave them cz trust me you wo n't get anywhere with these people
My problem is , I always see others as the way I want to see them ...
And the only reason I did that is because I didnt want to feel lonely .
Iam Sure They Think The Same Thing About Girls .
Not all gals , but some do .
If they dodge the question and/or get angry then I would be worried .
Listen , if he loved you to begin with he would n't of wanted you to have an abortion !
What did he say 'oh hang on , I do n't love you , I was mistaken .
If I could arrange the alphabet I would put you next to I .
Why do men lie so much ?
If she wants to play mind games its time to move on to the next love interest
Shower , wear deodorant & always have fresh breath ...
Try looking someplace besides the losers section .
Do n't do something you 'll regret later !
Marrying the lady of my dreams would mean that I have everything I dreamed of .
I have been to a few .
I have gone out with big guys .
I do n't think MOST guys are stupid .
Well mine is 8 to 9 inchs
When a girl likes you , you should be able to kno HELP ME GIRLS !
You know what you want , do n't you ?
If he says bye to you , he was not meant to be .
Have n't you seen the Paris Hilton video YET !
I need somebody that I can really care for
Both of you should be understanding and be able to adjust .
Like peach fuzz is ok , but not hairy like a mens chest can get .
Let your family know that person makes you happy .
If she 's fine w/her apperance , you should support her .
Um ... I did n't ... I let the man come to me and ask me out !
The guy is married for god 's sake !
Tell them you love them , and see if they tell you back
You have ever right to be mad
Do you really want someone that does n't know what he wants ?
My friends ca n't stand him and constantly picks on him .
You are the scum of the earth !
But , to make this person stay with you is a dificult part .
So just go ahead and text !
I say right on to being a virgin it is a really big sin to not be a virgin .
Ok he is 14-16 and you are how old ?
Happy you are . mature and attractive enough .
Do n't ya love it when a man does that s-hit ?
And it ca n't be all hairy .
Find someone who wants there future with you !
He loves you for being HIS only !
He probably thinks it 's a good thing .
Turn offs : bad breath , body odor and farting and belching a lot .
BooHoo for me because I still think of him .
Ask him to hang out with you , then start moving in on him and see how he responds .
Different times for different ladies , chump
Trust me you ca n't change them !
In no way do you need him or anyone bring you down .
I know he loves me even more because I was still a virgin on our wedding night !
If you truly feel in love , you should get on a plane and elope with them .
Looking at a masturbated woman is enjoyable , after she finish it I will directly have sex with her
You shoud tell her how you feel
Women can be friends , but men ca n't ...
Just be a cool guy , don ` t take girls for granted .
Somewhere inside yourself you are strong and that will make him weak !
Or shell break it off to make a move .
If so how many years have you been married ?
Ask him if he likes your kids if he do n't thin brack up beceas family comes 1st .
Maybe my mother , but that 's another story !
Would I pack my husband 's bags ?
I 've actually heard a lot of guys say that thye prefer virgins .
And you have a problem with this ?
I do n't live there so couldnt tell ya sorry
If you are with an unsaved ( sinner ) you are a sinner too .
Go to movies , sight seeings etc .
So we always meet and I feel like him .
Tell her there 's something you 've been wanting to tell her .
If I wanted it , I wouldnt only want it once .
He did it one time he do it again ?
Then you distract her and bail out !
I care about him a lot , and I miss him .
If its something you enjoy then what 's wrong with that ?
But I hope not , I have enough trouble with gays making googley eyes at me on earth .
My friend told me that she really loves me .
She might have an underlieing factor that makes her eat this much ?
Hey guys , does this sound familiar to you ?
They Just want to be loved
I want her , to want me ...
Our family hated the fact that it was a interraisal relasionsip my father and his grandmother lost it .
I mean beauty is skin deep !
Because red is blody color but we sey blue is LOVE
Be honest ... with him , and yourself , do you really want him back ?
You urinate from there , and do n't even wipe !
you better leave his a $ $ you can do bad all by yoself !
that was bad ... never again TV will be on during Sex .
you will prove to be a great sis !
Then one day he started flirting with me .
Because the boys get gelles that you like hin not me
Its So natural , why make issue out it ?
Repeat donot tell him face to face .
And to top it all off , I did n't get to come , because that headboard thing lost the whole mood .
But oops ... Now I really love my wife very much .
If they do , then ask him to hang out .
I am 26 and I waited until I was married to have sex .
Do they feel like he does n't have confidence or something
He would n't think twice about NOT using a condom ) .
Do you think she 'll know that you like her without telling her ?
I ca n't caz I m on the way to love .
Yeah , because chicks love it when you 're obtuse .
A person is there when you are happy and when you are sad .
Then you can do these things together !
It 's SIMPLE ... just do n't do it .
If you have tried to hard !
A man can work from sun to sun , but a womens job is never done !
Because that description surely screams FLIRTING !
THE GIRL YOU LIKE is going to be alone and she says that sucks .
I like him but ... I 'm not in love with him .
I does n't matter if you do it right !
Cauze if you never give it a chance you will never know what would had happen between yall 2 .
Do n't be afraid to tell him what you want !
... you 're starting to hate the male/female friends of the one you love .
But you know how I overcame it ?
Love is n't bad ... you should try it ...
Some guy was following me in a store and said I never liked levi 's jeans until now , I ran .
And dear as I believe sex is to b done to give satisfaction not to get ... unselfishly .
Tell her if she loved you she would come over and fuck your brains out and swallow your kids
Kinda like suicide ... normal to think about , but not to do .
My guy friends all say confidnece ( not arrogance though ) is sexy .
If he loves you , he 'd care even it 's just a petty things .
I ca n't stop thinking about him .
Get ideas off of the knot website .
What is your problem your aready maried !
He will ask you to marry him .
They want a man just to be himself , at least I do
Then you can do whatever you like
The ones just out of the blue are TRUELY given FROM the heart !
Yeah , the woman I love is worth worth death , if she died I would n't want to be alive anyway .
If he does n't , kick his butt .
I know he would n't want me to either !
Girl , do n't TELL him you want to make love to him !
When he starts seeing someone else
As far as the love thing I do n't know .
Iam humbly stating ... I HAVE ALL THE ABOVE qualities ... hahaha !
Well , like I would n't necessarily just drop my friend like just because we fight .
That is where I talk a lot in yahoo chat for my state .
Get used to guys that just want to use you .
Hook up with math geeks , they know how to handle curves : - )
A not circumcised penis is pretty nasty !
You wake up and one day just know .
I 'm married , trust me I know .
No but you should take care of it before you try to get preganant
If he is trying to control you - GET OUT !
I do n't know about you but I do n't like the bad boy type .
If they love you they will accept you no matter what !
God does n't care , love is love .
that 's not very fair to the guy your seeing now .
I hate those kind so remember money can buy lots of things apart from class , style and grace
Depends on the size of the penis
It that true I tryed taking to him but he wo n't return my calls .
My guy has an awesome butt because he works out .
I would n't doubt him , just maybe .
Try raising yourself ... he is not oblige to feed you !
If all you want is to be with him , stay with him .
And just ask him , it might be awkward but it will be worth it if he does love you .
If your in bangalore I am here : )
Always happy ... waking up this morning ... at work now .
You need to ask YOURSELF if you like him !
Stop doing this then if she is not willing
But I 've learned that if a guy really likes you , he 'll show it .
Then you will no her if or when your feelings change .
I have guy friends that are like brothers to me and there 's no tension whatsoever .
Or like what you did for class ... ?
I do n't know ... if I were you , I 'd ask her whether or not she likes you
I mean . how insensitive of her to do those things infront of you ! duh ?
I am always into the A-Hole guys , what 's my problem ?
LAST recourse , CLING and PRAY TO JEHOVAH GOD and to HIS SON JESUS CHRIST !
Hang around with her , go shopping if she likes it , .
I garantee that all the girls that think they think about sex a lot have no effin idea .
That will cost you 3 points per answer : )
I think its a big myth that guys are just big , retarded sex fiends .
Leave him alone he got what he wanted and maybe do n't want to talk to you anymore
I need advice from other ppl .
Sending money is NOT better , your kid wants YOU there !
do n't jsut wait for something good to happen .
We are married but still she ca n't conceive ... pls advise ...
My wife said it just depends on her mood at the time
Twice first one I met and wanted to marry right then , the second is still unravelling .
I know a lot just email me and I will tell you
You said it yourself he 's in love with another lady !
Believe in yourself ... it is very SEXY !
Because there head is not on their shoulders !
But try to stay out of this till time makes them calm ; ) Good Luck
Many men are totally happy just keep sex interesting and exciting and he will never even consider it
Otherwise if you slowly aroach ... her body language will let you know
A lot of attention and to be fed some good chocolate .
I do n't really even like the word stupid .
Depends on how old are you
If you love others , they will love you back
Him asking you out is up to him , you blew it .
I think you should tell him that you have to respect your best friend and he should respect you .
You get out what you put in ( no pun intended )
I guess it depends ... have you ever committed a felony ?
How much success you get in your life and you find love is the reason for that success
Pretend to be a girl looking for a NSA relationship and I 'm him ... : P
Because when you are into a relationship , and if you go out for fun ... this kills your partner .
All I really want is my ex to realize that I only want him .
Dam thatz a real hard feelin .
Some guys really do n't like any playing with their bums .
Most people do n't believe in it until they fall , and fall hard .
Do n't you really mean , how many minutes into the first date ?
Not all guys care only about sex .
Well there may b some reason 4 such a kind of behaviour .
I do n't think I have a chicken butt .
No , I 'm a girl , I only think about sex if I 'm realy in love of some guy
If he has friends though then maybe he likes you .
I am not sure but if you find mine , let me know cause I want it back .
He already cheated your cousin and I think he will cheat in you some other time .
you are not considered unless you do it back in return .
I miss him ... if anyone out there know this guy please email me ...
I mean , because what 's a relationship if you ca n't talk to each other about stuff like that ?
I do n't think it 's a sin , but it surely ends in fornication !
But if you decide to go for it ... HAVE FUN !
It sounds like you 're more hung up on virginity than most guys would be .
I loved my boyfren of 8 years .
Boy , what an eye opener for me .
Or what do you think about marriage ?
Can I get custody even though he has been a stay at home dad ?
I think you got a boyfriend .
They 're happy , so it could work for you too !
They used to be best friends , but now they arent .
But we never got together , because I was with his best friend *matt .
He even accepted my newborne daughter as his own .
Do n't spend a lot of money .
Well then recognize what you do n't want to
Or if you 're too shy , get involved in things she likes , even if you hate it .
Sounds a little fishy to me ... think she 's got something to hide ?
All depends on so many factors , such as mood ...
Most guys , as you probably know , are horny all of the time .
Are you matuer enough to handle a serious relationship ?
Give her one in front of everybody and see what she does
Did you just read what you wrote .
Nobody can do it better than you
In the meanwhile continue to flirt , care or adore him and better still know him !
Most of tha time I think about it and say well is it REALY my choice !
No matter how long it will take to let them go .
I can lend you a few !
Should I break up with her or go with it and trust that she really loves me ?
Tell her while in a middle of a conversation to surprise her
I do n't believe that love dies so fast .
I like him but I do n't know if he likes me .
But I may whant it more then guys .
Shall we say , put yourself in there shoes .
What the hell should I do ?
Everything , a woman wants everything from a man !
Hit me up if you want more ... digital_lyricist at yahoo dot com .
Dude same here ... but I do n't think its a bad choice ...
She 's realised what she 's thrown away , and can see how happy you are .
Only 1 , the first and the last
Because once you cross the friendship line it 's really hard to go back to that !
The admiration s not enough reason to kiss
If it hurts , and the woman ca n't take it , it 's way to long .
You ca n't train 'em to put the toilet seat down and you SURE ca n't change their minds !
He just wants you to do this so he will feel comfortable messing around as well !
Does n't mean he 's puttin ' the moves on elsewhere but I would be suspicious !
No , I am not soft , just trying to be fair .
It 's a way 2 show you that she does n't want 2 attract any other guys ...
Yes he is a MAN that is what we do !
I gave him a second chance but he didnt take .
He will get jealous and when he does tell him that you do n't like how he does that too !
May-b you become clingy after sex and it scares men away .
Honey , if you do n't want to have sex with a guy , that 's o. k .
Why would you care , as long as you got yours ... right ?
I guess things can get lost but memories ... well is little harder to get rid of them ; )
Hello how are you ? what you neam ? I just want friend in amsterdam please send to me sincarely shaba
Its probably that woman do n't like wussies !
I 'm not sure but you have to be careful .
Some men just do n't function the same .
Be yourself and if they do n't like you for that they do n't deserve you
If he/she really made you happy you would be glad to sayback off not flirt .
It 's very easy just buy him a flower and say that you love him
Not really , do you still love him ?
Keep your boyfriend , but find a LOVER !
SInce you mom kicked you out , she has no say anymore .
It 's the only thing real serious ladies are serious about .
Lol I supposed you 've tried talking to him ?
If he want to just be friends , it 's best to move on .
Do n't let anybody ever tell you different .
If they are not , why would be so mean ?
If you have an he still continues to do it then let him go you do n't need that !
Hugging him was probably not the best solution , lol .
Yeah , but I have n't met the right person which I would die for yet .
I am really mature so do n't mess with me !
And why did they not tell you .
One was wolf the other a very large lab
But send the ole boy a post card from Bora Bora or something .
You are going to find someone else and wonder why you forgave this guy so many times !
Well if you want to meet some hot mama citas I would go to the library or maybe walmart .
Yeah its possible ... it happens a lot to me
And you really want him to ask you to marry him
When a girl looks at you , she is testing you .
Thanks for helping plan my wedding !
The more that you keep giving him the more he is gon na take .
You should try it some time you will not be dissapointed
Get a younger guy for god 's sake .
No , drop dead girl who dumped me ... I even wo n't give a damn to her anymore ...
Is n't it torture for one and ego for the other ...
It really depends on the situation ...
I believe a woman should make her own decission .
Secret admirier notes , with clues leading up to you
Any guy that 's not completely desperate wo n't ask you out again if you dumped him .
Plz tell me the possiability to be pregnant in this satuation
Then tell him that if he 's interested , you could go out sometime .
A compromise position is to refuse to hang out with her when she 's been drinking .
I found out my gf was really a boy .
Just be friendly not fwd I. e .
Hey guy , I 've seen you on a CD , have n't I , and I like famous singers !
Life is like that , everyone hurting each other .
They got to be in the mood for love and let it ALL go !
I would tell him straight up , he probably wo n't care anyway .
We 've been talkin 4 5 mnths .
Hope you get some new friens soon ...
! lol when I went out there I noticed that too .
No , but that is because guys have different horomones than girls do .
Oh not to mention a cute A $ $ and small boobies ( ya as weird as it is !
How I 'm gon na handle to stop being a jealous girlfriend ?
If along time you should no the answer to that .
Its not your fault they are very weak minded .
Where does the baby 's daddy fit in ?
Why would he go to jail ?
The phrase to use is , Hey , I got enuff friends
You wo n't meet anyone too serious unless you got a big dick .
As long as that person says it 's OK .
My friend had no idea how she ruined me .
Just move on with your life and find someone else .
Guys can have female friends too -
I ` m sure he will be happy .
Stare at that for a bit .
Pity doesn , t get you into these panties .
Is having sex with your boyfriend something normal ?
But it does not do anything with you .
You should make the first move
Who knows it 's all up to you in the end .
Nope . unless they actually SAID we 're back on , then nope .
She 's not interested , or maybe you came on too strong .
NO I DO N'T THINK THAT IT 'S WEIRD OR GEEKY !
You ca n't stop thinking about the person you 're inn love with
Your a 40 year old woman you should look for someone your around age
As they get married they syart acting stupid and abusive .
I would think that he is having sex with someone eles .
It just depends on how it is .
I 'm a boy , want to go out with me ?
Hi proud2blatina29 , It 's not just for lovers .
Now , would I put myself in danger for a friend or stranger ... ?
What was this all about , I 'm curious now ?
You try to take it slow , no guy like to hear that he is a bad kisser .
It ca n't be done , if they care about you its going to hurt no matter how you say it .
We get to know eachother better
The boy is 14-16 years old and he likes me .
It might be hard , but try to act like you do n't want it .
So just make sure she knows how much you love her .
What are indications of a man flirting ?
You ask her and she should honestly tell you .
Flirt with him/her and tell her you ove her/him
Move on - time is essence
When he screams Where 's my razor ?
It means she probably would n't have left you if you would have chilled out back then .
Dump him ... your wasting your time if you stay with him
And neither of us could think of anything better to do !
My sister has dumbed him since then but she is pregnant with his baby .
Get her things that actually mean something .
When she not asking you for any , any more !
Oh forgot a big one for you ladies ... ever use the sample cosmetics at the mall ?
There is still hope for these young girls
Do n't say that because most guys arent stupid .
Yet I will not date a large man .
No , I know jim he is .
When she slacks off sleeping with you !
do n't give him sex for a while - make him go nuts !
But why would he ignore me ?
Then , I learned that he likes me .
I get hungry twice a day .
Just ask her she 'll probably like you to have some help
In places where there are black men ... duh !
By the way , all those commercials saying , condoms do n't always protect , well , something is better than nothing !
Can you check it out for me plz die fast
She might be able to fake moaning , shaking , thrashing around , etc. , but she ca n't fake that .
But this really depends on her .
But only when theyare in the mood or if you spice the moment .
Best revenge : move on with your life and forget that the cheater ever existed .
Be loyaly and nice and friendly and sweet !
Keep it that way no matter how mad she gets .
Sometimes it dosnt matter if you no how to use it .
We try to make females comfortable .
And that he has a tiny wiener .
What kind of girlfriend is she ? ... your trying to fix the trust , how ?
Especially if your used to having sex on a regular basis .
because they have a one track mind
you can tell him anytime . He 'll probably do that if he is n't gay
Have I told ... you lately that your ctee !
The world is going to end just becuase you ask stupid questions like this one .
They actually have younger brains than we do .
Not love , but who knows right ?
And he 's not a druggie or nothing like that .
Any man who does n't like kids is a coward to responsibility !
Just look around you . I beleive this is hell and heaven .
Whatevr you are saing is very right .
I got to read what you got but thanks for the ideas
Just have fun or keep yourself busy .
Only if you feel like you need a boyfriend .
Guys are hunters like dogs that like the hunt but the chase is really what they are after ... so run ... run ... run
How can I tell if the man I 'm with truely loves me
your question is making ppl able to know that you are single .
Or I 'm just scared or shy !
But be extra careful , you 're playing with fire !
It hinders you from doing fun thigns with people .
Yes , I guess I like the thugish type of guys .
Girl , it 's not going to last , go out and have fun !
Undress yourself infront of him you will know
If you know any , please recommend me , Thanks
At least that way I 'd get into her .
No one knows this girls intentions if she really loves him she will wait .
I 've asked her to be my girl friend 2 times already but she never answers .
It 's all the inside that matters
Do married woman still givee head ?
But it has to be up to you .
But I will expect her to do the same ... So just get with better guys ...
If you ca n't take it to be his friend then leave him alone
Yes , and it can last forever if you work at it and grow with it .
Do things that makes you happy .
Really good looking men tend to be vain .
I just broke up with my gf but its harder to get another one can you help me
My dad is like that too .
I 'm pretty or so guys tell me .
She knew I was there & I love her .
She really looks up to you and thinks of you as a friend and probly nothing more
? I think infatuation is only for months ...
I think it depends on hwo mature the child is .
Does anybody know what love is any more .
Unless I found out I did n't really want it .
Everyone wants the perfect guy but no one seems to be willing to be one .
Only if she 's twice your age .
Who is more important to you ?
She knows she has to move on but she ca n't ... any ideas that might help her out ?
Good luck and I hope he catches on and asks you out !
There is no way to know
It does not mean good things for you as far as dating her goes .
But he 's as clueless as I am .
This is a major NO , NO !
You didnot tell your age , any way ask him to marry you first then think about kids
Depends on if you are a girl too or not .
Ank one other thing , trust her .
Unless if you like being treated like poop .
It is never boring it 's actually fulfilling
I 'm 28 years old . I 'm almost handsome .
You do n't know what real problems are until you get married and have kids !
And why do the girls there have facial hair ?
No they ca n't because somewhere deep down there is a attraction , , , , , , , ,
Okay , so he likes to flirt and he 's good looking .
Where do I go for help ?
A girl who loves him and cares about him .
If this guy says no he wo n't help .
Chear up ... things will get better , , trust me ...
You are young ... you need to talk to your mom about that ...
Keep quiet why hurt his feelings
Unless they really want it as much as you do .
My girlfriend is crazy about this butt thing .
Mabie you married the wrong guy ?
2 . If a guy cheats you are hanging out with the wrong men .
Guy : I 'm a caveman girl : what 's this ?
If you love him so so much then please do
I would have to agree with 16
Oh , and as good as it may sound , do n't do anything for Valentines Day !
But smart peeps are n't a lil too smart .
She or he will get it .
Relax , do it and think that 's not the best point in your life .
So that 's your answer yes they say that wo n't cheat ...
And crying is ok ... but talking is more productive .
It means they love you and want you back
I also like kids ... but I 'm not one .
you are making issues with him .
No dear its not a good idea untill and unless you get a perfect partner
No phisical contact , no eyes contact , no hand contact , just the faith that the other one says the truth ...
Till him that you love him
If a guy/gal ca n't be honest with you then forget him/her !
But sometimes he acts like he still does .
Have you cheated on her in the past ?
If your hot also comment on her hair , outfit , or her shoes .
Well if a guy does that to me , I just move on .
Depends on the man OF COURSE !
You just answered your own question .
If you feel like he is chancers are he is .
To show their apreciation and to make it known that they think of you and they care for you .
2 months if you want to go in the poor house .
do n't stick with someone who is n't right for you , its just not worth it .
Mayb its because your doin something wrong !
Get rid of anything having to do with him
Especially if you are looking to get married and settle down .
If you have money to spend , girls usually love jewelry !
The least she could say is no .
Trust me you 'll get asked out soon enough .
No , I think you ca n't spell .
One get divorced ... duh two , prove other lady is a stupid ho , then your done ...
It 's cool that you like this girl .
You do n't know ... that 's why they call it love ( confusin aint it )
Because after all I 'm in your school .
I understand that you feel as though she 's not as attractive , but she 's happy about the way she feels .
Now if you ca n't say this to his face scream it in the mirror with him not around ... Know why ?
And you already had sex with this man .
Beause they do n't think with the head on their sholders .
This guy and I got really close this past few weeks .
Just like most of the time guys do n't understand girls .
I think you just lust for him .
Never mind , I tried it does n't work .
Then it wo n't be breaking the law because youll be holding her for ransom instead of dating her
The way she reponds will tell you if she right for you or not .
I think its a good thing ... to try the milk before you buy the cow ...
Something that happened behind your back .
If my sister 's friend shit on ME I would leave the room immediately !
Never buy a women lingere unless it is something she wants .
How to check that I am madly in love with her ... ?
Try to smile before you look away so you do n't make the girl think you think she 's ugly : )
Well , if he only kind of likes her then he should n't get too mad .
First of all , are you sure that she really loves you ?
What ever you decide ... quit giving in and having sex
First of all she , s not much of a best friend , keep your eye on her .
Maybe because you are differant than every one else !
Get with somone more in tune with your maturity level
Well , I feel you on this one , because I 'm goin thru the same thing right now .
They do n't do anything for me ...
I see her terribly upset - what can we do ?
And take a good look in the mirror .
But now he ignores me again .
Go out with your mates and have a great time !
Try saying What if we got married one day ?
Go to the gym - workout practice speaking with a lower your voice be confident
Try a card if you ca n't just say I love you
Because all men love to compete .
Lot thoughts coming while going to bed .
Also tell him you had a bad experience with another guy that tried some stuff and made you mad .
God moves in many ways ?
Do n't have sex with him and see what he does ... haha great advice I know !
You never have to ask ... look him in the eyes ... see to his heart and soul and you will know ...
Of course way would you ask me that question that means your 1
He needs to see what it 's like firsthand .
What would be a good gift for a girl I like but she does n't know
I actually prefer Hispanic men above all !
What about trust when things get tough ?
If he has money and is n't a kreep stay !
your spellings tell how worried you are .
If you connect with someone , just do n't worry about other people 's feeling 's ... Dr Checko ... ( Nickname )
Who is gwen stefani married to ?
Call and say hello and be done with it one way or another
This is the love most people seek , yet are to lazy to earn it .
People do n't do things they do n't get something out of .
A girl can be pretty no matter what size she is .
I 've got this friend and she 's going gaga over this guy who does n't like her back .
let 's talk on yahoo shrunkenmann_thegrass ( 100 % girls only )
Not a bad person at ALL !
Dude , I dunno how you feel about that , but umm ... Yuck .
Nope customer care took it off of the answers ... bummer
Do guys even think that is cute/sexy ?
No dought about it I 'm positive !
I like girls with nice personalities
Its healthy and natural , but if you do n't becareful you can get some nasty viruses !
Woman want it more and the men are saying no .
Honestly , I LIKE guys that have n't been with a lot of other girls .
Get some cool electronics out of the deal .
Go upto him n speak out yr doubts
I kind of ruined jons friendship with matt .
Maybe even try to hook him up with a friend !
Always listen to your gut feeling .
your probably so d*mn ugly he has no choice but to look .
do n't pretend to act like something else !
do n't EVER EVER fall for that garbage .
If ha ca n't respect you then he 's got to go !
Can any1 here speak clear english ?
Post an ad in washington post
Step 3 : if she is pregnant then end of procedure .
Yes because almost all men are like that
That bullshit ... maybe you just got some issues with asian women ...
It makes the phone all slimy and it smells funny .
And walking will take some of this weight off .
I know quitting the school team was a good decision .
Tell your man , to tell him that you do n't like that guy .
Why is he sleeping out with the dog ?
Idk y are you askin me
I knew it is hard but is better for you .
Would n't she leave if she did n't love you ?
But this girl I really do love .
I hate to say it , but its going to get worse once you 're married .
I am an old fashioned kind of guy .
Oh , um , well it depends on your relationship .
And of course stop & say hey !
You do n't want to lose him as a friend .
Simply because you only put 90 % of your effort .
We think we are giving them signals but they do n't get it .
IF these do n't WORK OUT , LEAVE things as they were , and START ANEW in a DIFFERENT DIRECTION !
I like the woman to be loud though !
Just wanting to meet friends in Amsterdam
Only if she 's hotter than me .
you are surfing the net ... yahoo answers obviously !
I 'm telling you this from personal experience .
Of course it 's the feelings that count ...
Do you mean how are you ?
I know , it 's easier said than done .
Stop thinking about looks and start looking at people on how they treat you
If he gets too possesive send him packing .
If you have back pain , get a breast reduction .
Just be yourself and like the first guy said , a little money wo n't hurt anyone .
Hey , I am 12 and just got a girl friend .
It 's just the way of life
I will say wait till she 's ready to wear a bra .
Asking him if he still finds you disirable ?
He will b pleasently suprised and will love all the more for it : )
Why do n't you just email him your question ?
do n't push her or tell her you love her .
You sneeky bugger ... I was just going to ask this question .
Something unique and not ridiculously pricey ?
Yes it is beneficial to not have sex .
Never can be if your a teen or kid or something ...
What in gods name are you doing .
There not the kind of guy you want .
If you like a man talk to him and get to know him
I heard once it was not .
you are just jealous of those other people holding hands and making out because you ca n't get a guy !
Maebi that 's just hu he is .
do n't tell him first , go to your mom or school social worker and let them talk to your parents .
Your damb right you did the right thing !
Hook/ kiss up with the guy in front of that girl .
Are they sick or wonderful . plz elaborate and answer me
Anytime he says Come here , there you go right behind him .
Tell him to leave her alone . he should be looking for another one .
She was kind of this outcast punk rocker chich with big blue eyes .
As soon as they get mad beacause you wo n't have sex with them , dump them .
Its not bad , but it does look kind of funny if the girl is significantly taller
If its against your religion , then sry , I do n't know wut to tell you .
Yeah your mom is going out with him
Ya the dark hair , dark eyes , and skin ... they are rumored to have nice butts too !
Wow ... what a situation ... good luck with that !
Stop asking questions like 'How do I get girls to like me !
I personally do n't really focus on a guys butt .
He REALLY haz a BIG CRUSH on you !
I got a labrador n love him a lot ! ) .
But its really hard to avoid !
Nope but if your in love sex is a totaly differant experiance .
The best town is your imagination because if that 's all you want you will never get anything
I think she just wants to come to America like everyone else ... but that 's just me ... peaceout !
Oooh ... that 's a tough one ... just go out with her friend then shell want you
So how do I approch a woman and ask her to come home with me and my b/f ?
Umm ... prolly because you 're single and could n't get a date ?
you should ask a person you trust or a doctor .
So should I tell my man that I do n't like being around him ?
First get drenched in the rain and tell your man to carry you and get cozy
Maybe she 's playinhg hard to get or she really likes you n dousnt admit it .
Just ask him if he would mind if you sent such pics .
2. my 1st time ( & last ) time having sex while watching telivision .
And stop letting your hubby be such a slacker !
Talk to me -- you ca n't be that lonely !
It means that you 've got a new little sister !
Or If I see you with another girl , I 'll rip her bloody arms off .
If you like sports play vball or bball or whatever !
If you ca n't to the time [ haveing a baby ] then do n't do the crime [ haveing sex ]
I mean insider pain , man are not strong they are tough .
But even if , she 's still your friend .
Its simple that you should take her out for dating .
Some guys that have experience do n't know which way is up .
Just ask her if she ever have sex with anyone .
Oh , also tell your man why you hated him .
Instinctly , I 'm going to say yes .
If not no if your to young like 12 and younger then no .
I like this one guy *jon & he used to like me too .
One might b good n bed , the other a listener !
Men are beautiful no matter what .
And YES I 've got lots of chanceS !
Sounds like he might have found another way to please himself
You ca n't really expect to give him anything too pricey !
A girl that has a sluty mind set but is n't one you know
Do n't spend a lot of money .
As a guy , I know that many ... no ... the majority of guys are in relationships for there own personal gain ...
Why do n't you let the crapola pile up ?
It really depends how ugly she is .
I think not , unless your trying to commit suicide ?
Unless you absolutley love it I would say NO !
And when she does , all she dreams about is him .
SOAP If you smell better maybe ...
Well , that 's how I see it anyway ...
Or you can say Hey want to sexy want to go for a soda , just kidding .
Another girl likes the guy that I do , and I feel like I do n't stand a chance .
H , a little vague on the informastion giving .
And me I 'm also mexican but not mixed .
Believe that you will find your true love someday ... just have faith ...
Of course cause I would n't be able to live with her death
She already knows it not love .
Who cares wha their gender is .
Not special , not weird ... just your personal choice .
It 's time to move on ... maybe it hurts but that 's life .
Rather say , Whos on yer mind ...
Party it up while your young .
You really come off as quite creepy ... oh ya , STOP TEXTING HER !
Yeah ... if I was trying to get out of the relationship
? I promise I wo n't bring my friends along ! ...
I 'd only get upset if the guy staring is ugly !
If you are not growing and having fun , then the relationship is DEAD .
! are you some kind of schizoprinia ?
Because we make them nervous and their brains jus go out the window !
Cause we only get blown 4 times a week !
Heck no , I 'm a guy , and I would n't care if she masturbated infront of me , I would enjoy it .
Believe what you want 2 blive .
Why waste your time on someone that would disrespect you in that way ?
Most boys try to be ignorant with girls they like .
Ask him straight up , if he wants to marry you .
It would look funny , but as long as you 2 love each other .
It will pay off in the long run .
What the hell does that mean ?
Or just my guy ego ca n't handle a girl knowin about it !
He used to mentally and physically abuse me .
If he does that means he really cares for you .
Babe , HE IS THE ONE WHO DOES N'T LOVE YOU !
Any chance they 'd like each other as well ?
Most guys are n't really stupid , you 're just meeting the wrong people .
This wedding is not about you , period .
We have phone sex everyday , never get tired of it .
Do something that most people have n't .
Perhaps she does n't brag about him to her friends the way she used to .
Have your fun now when you are single .
You shouldnt get with your cousin .
Sometimes you have to show guys what you like !
Yeah it depends on how long you 've been chatting .
Here is not the place to find one
Boys want to become men and men want women .
Trust your humor , beauty , intelligence , relation with other , how you conenct ... and the like .
I wouldnt want or need anyone else .
there 's this hella hot guy in my neighberhood .
Either he loves you or he does n't ...
If you get the real answer here my email teshtad @ yahoo.com
Is not bad , if you like him .
And you might have already scared her .
Not only men have them , women can too
Marry her and go to the court .
See what gets you more heated up .
Find me for a lot of fun !
You have become just another 'Booty Call ' !
Look out your window because there I am
First kiss send my head spining for a few second .
Some men do and some men do n't ...
I think 'no answer ' is your answer , you just do n't want to admit it .
Women want it slow ... and take too long for it ... men want it without a tease .
Give him a bl*w job once in a while .
Maybe he 's just checkin ' if you 're alright .
If you ask him I do n't think he would lie to you .
Give me your input because I HATE VALENTINE 'S DAY .
Get rid of cat , steam clean carpet , furniture , bed linen , spray for ticks & fleas
If he did , he would n't have even looked at the other girl .
Dump him he 's oviously not interested
You have to take a stand .
What can we do ... put a ad in the local paper ...
Asking this because is like it is always guys that is ready and up for sex ...
And also the penis story as well . lol
I 'm sorry dude , but that 's disgusting .
Hey broo if you 're not live in Miami area you better get your ass here this is the best ...
If you like her ask her out and see where it takes you
I do n't , but Homer Simpson is HOT !
Tell him that you are a beautiful vampire ; ) )
Astrology is a bunch of bunk .
When you find your gem hopefully he 'll want you for you
I went to one where they had a belly dancer instead ... LAME !
No one can control their dream .
Maybe that is why it is called fantazys
Or , you could always ask him .
He not into toys or anything freaky .
Do crazy stuff like cover yourselves in whipped cream or something tasty .
GOOD LUCK ! ... I bet you get him !
Do n't let her play games with you .
And tell them how sad you are .
Some ca n't live without it and others can .
Friend , spouse , or even your family members .
But YES it could work if you want it to !
I 'm 25 ... are you serious about your age ?
Is it just too weird and geeky !
She a player all she wants is a boy toy
Also for older kid , try putt putt golf , laser tag , go-karts , that kind of thing .
If that does n't work tell him that you have an STD .
Just let her know that it bothers you if she does not stop RUN !
Know a lot of girls here in the philippines that met someone online and got married .
Why do n't you ask him out ?
If being apart makes them happy then you should be happy for them
When he knows I 'm not looking he will stare at a woman and check them out .
And he broke up with me .
You have a long history with him and you know the real him .
You are living in a fantasy
So that next day I went with my boyfriend out to eat to the place we were going to .
He does n't like your kids , you do n't like his ?
If it 's a chess cake , much better !
Show her she 's important and not your stupid friends
If you can ( and its about love ) , its probably good .
! And there are a lot of other guys on this planet .
All of us can see it ... why ca n't she ?
We have flurted may times but I just do n't know *_*
Just them down and explain to them they should be understanding , and support you no matter what .
Then of course there are many questions on wheather I 've been f -- -ked up the a -- .
Start cutting him off now -- that way when you get married , he 'll be used to it
And with protection you can start anytime .
How else could you be but straight forward ?
I 'd work with him some more .
I married my high school sweetheart 's sister .
Knocked up girls lose intrest that way .
Got a good cast iron skillet ?
you need to ask him DIRECTLY , if he wants to spend the rest of his life with you .
I have gotten dates , not as many as if I played stupid .
He says he respects tht I want to wait and undetrsatnds !
What in the HELL should I say ?
Do n't be a wimpy , winey , wuss .
That 's how life works ... there will always be ups and downs in your life ... just accept it .
If he is joking about liking you , then forget him !
As they say ... there 's someone for everyone !
He did n't love you , know how I know ?
Try watching an adult movie together .
What is a girl to do ?
Get out ! - ( and then ) -Get on with your lives !
Believe me , you DO NOT mess with a friend 's younger sister .
If he realy loves you than he wouldnt care if you have nothing to offer .
Threaten him by saing your going to call the police if he does n't pay child support !
I agree with rockhead do n't tell anyone
Is that a question for a guy ?
Just talk to her and see if she does like you .
If you are attracted to men still then you may be bi .
She never got over you the first time ...
So how can I tell him ?
How can I handle this situation ?
Depend on the girl if she likes your buutt she will take care of it
I 'm just trying to avoid any quarrels ... she gets jealous pretty easily !
You feel the best feeling you 've ever felt in your whole life
I just want to help her open up her eyes before something bad happens ...
you can tell by the way they look at you and the way the person talks 2 you
I start quiet and get louder and louder and then ... BAM !
I 've learned all kinds of things on here that I did n't know before .
Jus tell her how you feel and why you love her
The one I had with your mom .
Okay you 're confusing 1 question at a time .
I 'm sure that 's what a guy would want .
Then see what she says , and you 'll have your answer
I invested in a food business there ... Its pretty good also ...
I 'm just looking to spice things up in my room ... what should I try ?
Every once in a while , I wo n't , just for a change .
To get over him just play with guys
So it 's either get over him , or wait .
Think about it in my opion dump this fellow ?
Sorry if I 'm no help but we can talk about it if you want .
If you are a boy then sure !
I never thought I would get asked out but I did .
If you are even asking this question , I think you are probably too young to be getting married .
Not all married men cheat , I did n't when I was married , My wife was my life .
But you 'll never catch a woman admitting to it !
Who knows , and let the people alone
Lol you juos laugh out loud and you should feel better
Comunication but are you sure you want to do that
Tell your partnner and undetstand him well , help your self to help each other .
Maybe one day they will be conviced .
Talk this one out girl before you make a bigger mistake ...
There no better way than tell him frankly , but tendly , sweetly ...
Invite him for a dinner or movie !
Mr nobody get drunk and kiss her that is how I did it three year ago .
Say a prayer to help you guide the best possibilities ... people come and go in your life .
Have you two been hanging out with your parents ?
No only if they are sick
Probably not , but again , I do n't think I would want him to .
And ask yourself if he is a decent person and is nice .
Be friend and give him some timen space
And let your personality shine through and do n't be fake , girls can sense that .
It 's easy to say yes , but I have a feeling it would be tough to do .
do n't take action , because she'llget hers eventually .
I am scared to ask him if he stills likes me , because I liked him too .
I guess people want what they ca n't have .
Please , send me some more info if you need help ; - )
Besides ... do we really want our moms to be liars ?
I do n't think that girls are bad liars .
Did you ask him what lead him to cheat ?
It is better and easier to tell over the phone or in person .
With kids its not so simple .
Because distance makes lies harder to hide .
Lights off with very few candles and on top of the covers
Then , he broke up with me after a few days !
Love is caring for someone , or something that you would not forget .
You are still a kid wait
That means you can have your cake and eat it too !
If he says no he 's cheating .
Dude , go back to lickin yer nuts .
Nope are you a guy or girl ?
At least I would . Oh and its cost free !
If you only want your ex then leave the rest alone .
My husband and I moved in after 2 weeks go 4 it
Its the same reason mine is .
Some men just need a little extra stimulation to ... ahem , get the job done .
If you like him then of course you should continue , why would n't you ?
What goes on in mens head ?
Yeah right he knows he do n't know me !
Even if he never admits it , do n't allow it if you do n't want it .
W ... men think with their penis ' and it gets bored .
It 's d inside that makes us girls happy .
When youlike a guy who like you back
I know this is a lot to remember , but trust me !
Remember that this guy needs to help pay for your expenses , too .
Get him drunk and take off your clothes !
Make love with a loved one .
Would I date a stripper , probably not .
I do n't like big tits ! )
Then jon asked me if I 'd be jealous if he went out with this one girl *alyssa .
what are you good at doing ?
Becaue my train of thought ran off the track and bumped all other men 's off to
Make them laugh and they 'll love you .
One said , I ca n't leave my kids , the other said , why do you want to have coffee with me !
Abbout 3 to 4 hunred is my gguess
Hey Be yourself if she do n't like you then move on you are still young
He is a guy what do you expect
Try it you might like not being HORNY !
Hubby & I got married in July ( 7-7-01 ) and went to Hawaii for 2 weeks !
How do I get out of it ?
I do n't know ... are you in love ?
Maybe you should not be worried at all .
If you are in love you will never feel boared ... that 's TRUE love my frind .
Why do n't you get a job , and then you 'll have money of your own .
Well , if he makes you happy and you make him happy , then go for what you know !
I just want some good love songs to listen to I know it 's kind of sappy but whatever
Just tell him without having sex with him and you wo n't come over being cheap !
What if you 're interested in a lady , but not sure if she is in you ?
Because once they are interested then the CHASE is over
does n't mean he does n't care about you .
And he can not notice that ... !
Because most of them are horny assholes that ca n't get any .
Well how old are you and I would like to be your friend
Its all up to you . Just do n't look too hard .
Do n't ask let him say it on his own
That is just too much skin for me !
Ya the moneys is great but there a lot of stuff in those places .
You mite lose the one you love , to some- one else .
So you can lean from it
Do I walk away or stay around ?
First of all this is not the right age match the desires differ ... so be careful
I laughed my ass off when I read it .
Other than that , go to a party and hit on drunk chicks .
Cause they think theryre popular and hott and they just are when it comes to dating
Yes tell him the worst he will do is say no
) I want respect and I want him to be nice .
Or whatever , he 's a dumb guy anyway !
So what to ddo YOU think !
My friend likes this guy and he said he would like to get to know her better .
Good question I 'm a girl so us girls will never know !
Since women feel they are mature for their age , why not ?
But do you love somebody ?
Stopped a kid from J walking / running accrost the street in the rain .
Do Not Give into Him Easy it gives him to much control to fast .
It 's odd that someone so young is on here answering questions ...
YOu can have Full intercourse ... if you want ...
Do n't let a man walk all over you .
Did you catch him or did he volunteer the info .
Do you really want to marry a guy in a trial for 2 attempted murders ?
you 've got ta accept the sad truth .
If she 's shy than probably she reaall likes you .
To th extent of giving my soul away ... but if its oneside love I wo n't do anythng !
Have them take a Lie Detector Test - a good one .
Yeah I F****N hate this day too !
Even on silent he can see the missed calls .
Wow that 's really sad ... were do you live ?
Do it in person though , set up a dinner date .
Really though , they are just bad news .
Phone sex is like an alternative from doing the real thing .
Once you 've talked to her then decide where you are going to live .
Personally I do n't think that that is useful .
She likes to dye her hair different colors
And your time and YOUR life !
Your guess is as good as mine .
Ha ha , have a delightful day .
Do it for your country man !
If it does n't fit in the mouth
Well it depends ... how old are you & how old is your mom ?
So how do I tell them ?
Some people are very ignorant that 's all just be there for them
Does he care about things relates to your not ?
That has 2 be the worst thing to do to your friend roght now !
Good looks , good habbits & ofcourse a great figure makes a girl a good girlfrind
Either way it 's going to be painful .
Is because nobody has done it to then so they do n't know how it feels .
Hey , what are you saying , seems you know nothing about women .
Do you have a pic page or something .
Start by saying I want to kiss you here ( nose ) then here ( mouth ) and here ( cheek ) Then here ( neck ) !
If you are not married and have sex , its blody and huty .
I would n't worry about the heroin .
I 'm sorry if you love him ( wait you said that you did n't ) Anywho , leave him please !
We some guy 's butts are cute .
Beautiful girls can be found everywhere , just look around you !
Yeah , me v6 and jj all go to his school .
People have lots of reasons why they have not found that right person .
He needs to grow up and mature
Let her try on a sports bra .
I have been nothing but nice to her everyday ... what should I do ?
you broke up leave it 2 him
That 's the best way to find out .
As Gab said ... no way to know .
P. s. - the muslim question is funny .
If you watched spider-man the upsidedown kiss catch him off gaurd and just lay it on him
You shouldnt think that because then everyone will think you are stupid ( like me . )
Do they really love you or do they just say it .
They are just dreams you know .
Turn ons : Hairy chest and chin .
He 's ignoring you for the same reasons we ignore you !
No contact whatsoever just a simple crush or do I have to get over it .
Once by mistake I had proposed her and she had accepted .
What if the people were guys ?
And I say this because its true ... Its not the only thing .
Different men like different things ... I know guys that like big girls ( I also know some that do n't ) .
Just tell her that you need a hug every once in a while .
Do n't just hand it to her .
Maybe the both of you need time apart .
Its coo when your in like 6th grade ?
You tend to love the person more when you have sex
Boys just want sincere and caring females who can accomodate them in life and nothing else
Him and I met through a friend ( his bro . )
I advise you do n't hold anything bak .
Takes a lot of patience , I bet .
Not necessary but it helps a lot !
& I told him yes very .
He 's already got a girlfriend it sounds like .
No matter if your in a skirt and heals or a baggy pair of jeans .
He obviously is trying to hit another girl so I would back off .
Just tell him to his face in a nice way , that its over .
I 'd never pack my husband 's bag !
Move on and STALK someone else .
Do n't be dumb like I have been .
Ya know I have the same problem , so I know what ya mean .
When my girlfriend bit my cock off and ate it
I would n't want my guy having lunch with some other lady on V-day !
Obesty is the . 2. killer in young people now .
You do not find her it will just happen .
If only I knew the answer ...
Go to a very important ( in her life ) vacation resort
And she do n't want other people to say anything .
I 'm me now on yahoo messenger using my ID : pao_sky2000
Well just like me 2 years ago .
So , he says you do n't truly love him because you only called him twice ?
I think its a lot important .
Please her in the bed room also .
I know a lot of decent guys .
Just keep trying to find that special some one .
Even though it 's okay , your partner need not know everything you think about .
That 's more exciting you know . shyness sucks .
Yea I used to do it all the time
Just put it out there casually .
Wait , even now all thier stuff is bullshit .
Sex plus friend does not always equal love to both men and women .
Find a girl that share the same intrest you do
If you truly like this person , then why not give it a try ?
Just curious if any gurls have any advise about havin sex for the first time ...
No only if you want your friend to watch too
Being 8 years old is pure HELL is n't it ?
You guys need a marriage counsellor or a bigger bed .
Sex is Like Air & Water .
O and trust me IT CAN GET BAD !
It was about 10years ago but they still really love each other .
And their friends will bad talk you to theirs and so on and so on
On state and federal grants ( you do n't have to pay grants back ) .
If you 're talkin about here , the internet , that is a wrong place .
And you don  t need special shoes !
If he wo n't sit with you , then you know it 's just friendship .
If he is unwilling to lick it then do n't let him stick it .
First , Who broke up with who ?
Adam and eve ... they were smart tho
Wow , what an ego you have .
Know anyone who can make a cake ... there you go !
Um o let me think NO . Get real this is n't a chat room
Why cant you just do it ?
If he loves her why not ?
Tell him your boss or just dump him and get anouther man in your life
And then if you have n't already , get you to a doctor !
Very truly speaking , wether my friends agree or not , they can not ever find a friend like me .
Just say ' I love you ' getting him/her off guard .
He always says sorry ... but then a month later he 's lying and being dishonest .
My boyfriend farts and belches like a government mule !
And if he likes you for your activities , start doing things that he would n't like .
You will always wonder if you never tell him the truth
It 's Fate that does that : )
Love them because God loved you first ...
You should think it through very good .
I fell to my knees , I wo n't ever forget that weird moment .
Listen to the song baby baby stay gone by jimmy wayne .
But I enjoy necking and even a little caressing .
First off , do n't do anything you do n't want to .
Q3 ) B - I married a handsome mean guy and I divorced him .
If you both can wait , then it 's worth it .
Leave him alone or you might be running into trouble .
Love is not scary-if it scary =IT NOT LOVE You just have n't met the MrRight yet so GOOD LUCK
Your rights are to date and go on !
Your mom kicked the wrong person out .
Okay , if you want it to be special , DO N'T buy her etible panties !
ITS not even for you ...
Do n't push the ladies ... they do n't respond well .
Well , yes , but I hope I never have to .
And we sat on my bed and looked in her eyes and huged her and kissed/made out with her
Just wait ... maybe its yet the time for you to meet the right one
Either you get along with this person or you do not .
I 'm not a prude at all , I love oral sex , porn , I 'm good looking .
The waves in boracay normally do n't get that big eventhough its raining ...
You no longer want to see his/her face .
No not really but if you do f=get preganat your baby can be stillborn or have birthdefects
If your not hiding things , showing her should cause fewer fights than not showing her .
Do n't go back out with her .
IF GURLS do n't LIKE you FOR THAT they HAVE PROBLEMS
what do I do with both of them ?
Did his boss give him a hard time ... ?
Best way is LOOK STRAIGHT INTO HIS EYES and you will get the answer
Men like younger women and I am not going for a woman my age .
If killing himself is what it 's going to take for him to get over this then so be it .
Then ... he tried to kill himself and my stupid butt went to see him in the hospital .
P. s ... not criticizing or labelling you at all !
Do n't blow it on a thing called sex .
But men are people to and have feelings just like us ladies do .
Women are different , just like men are .
Well it cna mean many differnt things .
Yes dude , if you start lifting your a** off that chair !
Just remember a man is stll a man .
Many men are , but all men are not .
Yes , at least mine do live .
If she is getting jealous then their must be a reason why .
Strike 1 , he no like kids .
She did it once , shame on her .
If you like guys and girls , then you are bi .
I think a guy with a nice round butt is sexy .
If you 're not planning to marry him , why bother ?
Depends on choice , but I like dog style too much ... ok
Well ... if you like her guess it is ok .
Start showin him more lovin attention !
I did n't believe till I saw her eyes .
I was 15 that was 9 months ago an I 'm still with her .
You should have sex when you 're horny .
Unless the chick did n't care if I slept with other hoes .
First of all , the guy did n't do it TO you .
Not accusingly , but just a nice conversation ?
My man loves me and I hope your man loves you
Come to romania with me , I already live there : ) !
If you want to get married then do so .
She is the boss , and you had an intimate interlude with her -that is that .
I think he got didtent because he feels bad .
 I know he  s a jerk but he says he wants to be with me . 
If you are really her friend you wo n't even consider it !
Congratulation to him and his bride , she is lucky : - )
But you 're probably too good for her anyway .
Send a video of yourself having sex , it pays
It would n't matter how she looks .
I 'm not sure even chickens care about it that 's what
She tried to use the credit cards and learned they did not work .
If she is aromantic , get her some flowers and chocolate eventhough valentines day is over .
Would you like to be called stupid ?
I want to try and spice things up .
Because if you 're not , it will be dry sex and will hurt .
No , he just likes to talk to you
But if you think that this could lead you to a heartbreak then wait and watch what happens !
It ca n't be love because you do n't know anything about her !
Ok been there done that sweetie .
Why in the world would you do something like that and then go around telling it ?
I hope all works whether it is finding your loved one or finding a new loved one .
But they do n't have to be half naked .
And if you are not ready to becoming a mom , start prtecting yourself from getting pregnant ...
Sorry about that ... do n't fall for it again ... save yourself the hurt
Pick yourself up , do n't let it bother you too much , and just have fun/play the field .
I think females do it too .
If she 's really , really ugly , then yes - not having sex is very beneficial .
You will find the one that is for you .
With love will be full of sweet meanings
Just like she did to you .
Tell her that you love her and try to find money , , , , , ,
Maybe you should tell her and see what response you get .
My yahoo chat name used to be 'iscreamifyoudoitright '
When your boyfriend dose not I 'm you or call you for 3 weeks what would you do
This is how my wife keeps my ATTENTION !
Because they are not happy missing somthing from their relationship
To my Bestsest friend ( x infinity 2 ) your friend forever I LIKE CEREAL ^-^
It just depend on how old you are
Its easy Find someone to marry you in the Jail
Didnt know until know but hey herre 's one for ya !
Do it when you are married
Your still going to feel you can not trust men .
But woman do talk about it a lot !
Hey , Honey ... do you want to talk about what 's going on ?
When you ca n't get that person off your mind
Then do n't go back for him .
Just look at her eyes and smile .
It means exactly what she says .
I am a gemini actually but honestly spiking I dnt bliv in horoscopes .
For some guys does it not always matter just about the sex ?
Yea my ex said the same thing once .
If all he wanted was to make-out with you , he didnt really love you !
You didnt say if your wife had children .
It is called , He 's just not that into you .
You can do better , doll !
Yeah but you get more horny than fall in love
He is a piece of shit and I never want to see him agen .
Far enough to be away from family but close enough so they can visit maybe once a month ?
When you can hear echother without speaking
Yeah baby ... a girl knows what a irl wants right ?
You know your in love if you have sex with them
Why not get a job and send him money ?
I ca n't help thinking , was it me ?
What happens if the relationship does'nt work out ?
Act yourself ; just keep your tongue in your mouth and knees together !
But according to me its unfair !
Yes you can fall in love after 4 mnths , it could be .
I got 2 : you judge for yrself .
Do you have a chicken butt ?
Because men are so good at it we could not be compared !
Personality above all ... then fit body ( and not neccessarily thin ) and kindness ...
You can like who ever you like
Admit it she does n't want to go out with you
Jesus - why not POKE every man 's EYES OUT ?
Come on yaar its ok now .
Yes get rid of the cat .
Sounds like you are hot , so that 's a good start !
First , choose only one guy , you love .
Why in the world WOULD N'T a guy date a virgin ?
I say think long and hard about it .
You 'll never get any peace if you keep him around
( no offense to big butts , but it was a MAN ) .
you surely did the right thing !
I sure would like to talk to someone
Like me my love lives far away from me .
I think playing hard-to-get is your best bet !
I kinda like my guys thick .
Send your ex a nice Valentines day gift .
And when your hot like you are its worth it
Because you 're the only ten I see !
Sex with my hunk ( I did n't have to share him )
Tell him you do n't want to marrie him and if he keeps it up run
Your daughter comes first in all aspects of your life no matter what !
there 's a mr right for every girl .
I made it and so can you .
Yeah like lumbeeman said , have your bff tell him for you
Do any other girls feel the same ... ?
If it 's love , then he will wait and also not cheat on you
Be young - have fun ... Do n't take life so seriously .
A hard face 2 go wit it .
Yes get out of there quick
As long as you are true . true love you will find anywhere .
I think about sex non-stop , and even more than all of my guy friends .
( sung as off key as possible ) silly songs are the way to go !
Hold your head up and smile .
At the maximum 3to5 years older than you .
Just come in front of her and tell her that you are the man of her dreams !
SO there 's a lot more out there then what is happening right now .
Even if they laugh at the time .
It did in my head LOL .
We fall for girls of all shapes and sizes ... EVERY guy is Defferent
Sure as long as you like him .
You 're a fucking retard and if you were my kid you would n't be allowed to date .
I want to help but I 'm too lazy to read it
The rest is just window dressing .
Find someone better , someone you deserve .
I 've been hanging out with this really hott guy and we are getting closer and closer every day .
I love my ex with all my heart .
And stay away from the plants I mentioned .
If she likes you - great .
If its because you like someone else- say that .
Have you ever heard of descriminating based on sexual orientation ... and how that is WRONG ?
Well it creeps ME out but some people get intense pleasure from it ... go figure
Any person hu loves you should think think about your feelings .
Until then , quit being such a jerk .
She says that it does n't mean anything and that is every guy 's dream .
And you should be very respectable about it to .
Are you sending him the wrong message ?
You have to want to let go and move on or you wo n't be able to .
I can tell you that all girl think different .
What happend to his queen kong ?
But that also depends on WHO YOU are ?
But I guess you could always try it , is it worth it to you ?
I do n't know are you ready for one ?
want to have girl frnds or boy frnds ?
It is n't a sin = ) and you can go as far as YOU want .
If she asks me and I do n't know the answer .
Why do n't you have a job ?
But I really really like him
I told him how do you know I 'm looking at you ?
Would it bother him if you did were asking guys for pictures ?
Could n't have been bad if they married anyway .
I 'm telling you , it was LONG .
Plus , women are n't just ready You need to help ...
But if you have to ask you are probably too young or immature to really get married .
My mom 's boyfriend and I always argue .
I 'm a self-proclaimed nympho , but I dunno if I 'm just really nasty or really horny ... all the time .
The position they like the best is walking upright in the shopping mall with your money !
Actualy like few hours ago I kinda got offered to spend the night at a girls place I know ... !
Jus t tell them you already have a date sorry about that you should have asked earlier
Stop thinking about what could be and dreaming .
My guess is you do n't look the same to her either if you do n't inspire her to inpress you .
Looking back , I am not really sure why I did it !
I 'm not asking him to go out or anything even close to that !
To risky if you ask me ( which you just did ) .
But if you really want to know just ask her .
Who needs gud looks if he acts like a beast ?
Ask him if he 'd like to go somewhere with you .
We get along great except this issue .
Where do you get these stats ?
If you do n't like any of the guys that asked you out then just say no .
It 's kind of weird for him probably .
I 'm smart but I do n't think I 'm smart enough for him .
Has n't there ever been a girl who you liked a lot but not liked enough to be with ?
Because if you go down that road and bail on him later , that would truly suck !
Yes , like you are a complete stranger to me .
Run like hell and never look back .
Some say if they ask god for forgivness for being gay they will enter heaven ...
I care for him a lot , but only as a friend .
Learn how to spell ca n't understand your question
Do n't do something you would regret later .
He probably wo n't tell you , but he 's most likely to tell sum1 else .
Then I started smoking and drnking .
If you agree with him no prob but wot do you feel ?
As thick as you want it .
And she just has this constant fear .
There are some great looking young 50 year old men ; but why not look for younger men !
What 's the opposite of above me ?
It 's not just a guy thing .
Sweety , why ca n't you just ask her out ?
She is nothing special to others , but she is my true LOVE ... That 's all !
Ever heard of a pajama party ?
Or do you enjoy hurting those that mean so much to you .
My friend always teases for who I am !
Heck no move one , been there done that sheet .
So I will tell you what a lot of the guys I know dream of .
Its not good to date them all
The same problem is with me
But once she leaves him karma goes around so it will go back to him .
Do n't let him see you down .
But , we are happy and enjoy life !
Go out with him once and if you liked that date then duh stay with him
Why their more exciting sports are the ones with a lot of contact ?
No , seriously ... DO N'T get him another dog !
Sex with love of course ... you have to love that person you are making love with ... it ` s really important ...
Its better to loose a lover than love a looser
If you asking this it means that you love your wife .
Hun if ya want to be Girlfriend Materal Be yourself .
No , because my breast to big
( read my Q & A ) ... I was dating my new girls friend , n I dumped her .
I 'm just his friend , I mean , I LOVE him and as far as I know , he has no idea .
Sex is one of the most important things a man can do in life and it feels great
Well that too in the same house where he is living right now ... under angelina 's nose ! ... cool huh ?
If a black man breaks into my house is it fair to say most black people are criminals !
Was I not attractive to him that night ?
Where a sexy outfit get yourself all pretty make him his fave dinner and then give him sex .
A woman wants an honest guy .
First and formost , for him just to say so shows the kind of man he really is .
If he did call it was atleast once a week .
Women liking women is very common and some grow to like it more others let if fade over time .
I am cause if I wasnt then I 'd be w. a girl lol !
Girls esp -- - have you ever gone out with a guy you liked but dint really know ?
Oh yes , if you realy feel the need to ... send him one too .
Makes 4 quick access I guess ?
But women does n't care it so much like mens do anyway .
Or just excited about being in love ?
Hand the mofo a toilet brush .
there 's no need to keep playin games .
First of all , that 's not typical of a guy .
I would probably break up with him .
I for one dislike fake boobs .
What a tangled web you 've woven ...
what 's so hard to understand ? ... the guy just wanted to get into your pants
Do n't give him too many chances .
-I 'm just wondering- -thanks for answering-
If you guys do n't have sex , then I do n't see a problem .
Get buck wild have sex anywhere and everywhere .
I believe that they will . why not ?
Or you really love that person , me ?
Arent you answering your own Q
We 're not talking about flirting as in playing dumb .
Enjoy life cause you live only once .
I say , Look what you wearing .
And he thought I enjoyed myself .
I think that boys are more sensitive but girls show it more .
Please leave her go on with your life .
Love will find a way , if you guys really are meant to be ...
I do n't think you should give him any more times you do n't want to get hurt again
You can but do you really mean it !
Woman wants some challenge , not just a guy she can walk all over him .
Well , just try to observe his action .
Personally ca n't even think of going out with someone I gave the boot to bf .
Holy Grail my friend , Wish I knew .
Satisfy your self but be careful USE PROTECTION !
Just remember its up to you if you do n't want to you do n't have to !
It is not a bad thing .
Have a good life , do n't let him way you down .
As little as possible forgive and forget
If a guy did n't really care , he would n't give a damn .
All guys do it even when they 're married
But lately he avoids me & wo n't even talk to me .
Divorce is not something that kids like .
Do a good deed every day !
Start looking for someone more compatable and closer your age
No guy wants to be just friends with women .
Lol do ya get it now ?
From my on experince it depend 's on the both of you .
Maybe cause you sound so sorry
It 's not all about how long , it 's about how long and how thick !
I 'm in my mid twenties and am still a virgin .
If it does n't mean anything then y is she goin out with another girl ?
Give him a chance and some time to get to know your children .
If they love each other they will live together
Oh yes you can ... Where were you that day in sex ed ?
Believe me , sweetheart , people are not always who they first appear to be .
When you want to give him a bear hug everytime you see him
1. when you hear that love song and all you think about is them .
Is it because he does n't trust me ?
you do n't need to worry about that .
It kinda depends though when you are older
He 'll find that with another , but YOU want something more , do n't you ?
Try wallstreet : ) ) ... I mean stocks and all ...
It seem 's from your statement , your just hangin on to a dream ... Dr Checko ... ( Nickname )
So spill the beans and let it fall where it lands .
However I think stupid far excedes dumb .
Y does the skin color matter ?
You should definately tell her to wait .
Then if he still wants to be friends only .
If you get tied up in mess your going to come out with mess .
Make him think you have intrest in his best-friend
Yes ya not and now that person seem to be a good frined
Things like this are bad to do thru email
And if I got my ass dumped for it , I 'd deserve it .
Then it is up to her to listen or not and find out in the hard way or not
It is better to 'let 's quit '
REally tell her to think twice .
Nah ... you girls are just too paranoid in everything
And you tell him it 's your way or no way .
When me & matt first got together I really liked jon , & I didnt know he liked me too .
Same reason why men do it ! ~ ^_^
Dress like a decent lady and you will find nicer guys .
because one way or another she 's GON NA find out if we got to bed together !
That 's a stupid question to ask , if you do n't know you never will .
Yea you love him but you want to risk him gettin sumthin an bringin it back ta you ?
Need a lot of answers so shoot
If the guy treats you great , who cares what his butt is like .
They do n't want to be your friend anymore ?
They are a big part of your life too ...
Some men are scared of marige , and stuff so a good talk might help !
Just remember a lot of married men are very happy .
Just assure her that mom/dad both love her very much even tho mom/dad do n't live together anymore .
Tell her you been there and he gave you crabs
Say hi , then just have casual conversation with him .
I asked him if he still liked me & he said no .
Youare no old in fact you need to do things that you like doing ?
No , becuase he does n't really know her if he met her on the internet .
No it s not noemal it is abnormal
do n't force it because you might make a mistake .
If the guy does n't like her , then advice to move on .
Nobody will give you a positive responce
Somebody is there for your good and for your bad moments .
See if she emails you back or find out in person .
Flowers , not roses that might be too strong .
You two should be boinking like rabbits .
But if you hve to ask then you already know .
Good things come to those who wait .
If your girl loves you to bits , then your past should n't stand in your way .
Notiing wrong with this , does he join in also , I 'd say if it 's 3 together that 's cool , otherewise no
And its usually the one who is not as good in bed as the other .
do n't try to impress her at all . Just let her know that you like her
I lost my virginity at the age of 17 , I honestly did n't know what the hype was all about .
Do you chat in yahoo chat rooms ?
You do n't like him , you like his friend , why not tell him ?
I do n't like seeing her ribs though , sorry supermodels .
Why do married /committed men cheat ?
What exactly do guys want from girls ?
Is sex s good that people are willing to risk so much ?
Is sad how some people are ...
But beware , if you wait too long , when you 're ready most of girls will think it 's wierd .
Is it that you do n't have one , or your ehaving trouble with the one you have ?
Be blunt ... Hey , you guys going to let me in on the conversation or what ?
Gather all your girlfrends & have a party ... let her mingle w/new faces ...
If you are 25 and he 's 34 , then that 's not so bad .
If you wana attract your husband 's attention and # @ $ # ) * ) # ) _* , then you got ta remember TWO WORDS ; FOOD AND SEX .
You could find the most beatiful natural blonde and tall girl in this world but she would n't be smart !
Ask a question ya might get an anwser intead of just points
If you were to fall in love with a girl , would it be her : personality ?
Because trust me : later in life you will regret it !
Just talk to him , stop wasting time !
Please try to remember this : The leading cause of DIVORCE is GETTING MARRIED !
And you kno what he doin but you do n't care because you let him tell ya different .
You do n't even know how old he is ?
Yes you could fall in love after 4 months trust me it happen to me
Just say I love me too .
There is a girl in my school who I sort of have a crush on .
Do you dream about her at night ?
If that does n't work , talk to a friend ( not about him ) !
I do n't even talk to other guys .
LMAO , great way to start the day , LOL
A picnic lunch in a beatiful , quiet , private setting .
Where is he working ... how many hours ... ask him .
you know we do it too !
Wow ... well I 've been in the situation .
Ask her permission if in doubt !
) ... I am looking for virgin girl as I have n't sex yet .
Do n't say to much stuff . Say hi !
Then a personality that is n't too bad .
do n't worry you should grow up and out of that
Because they are an orgasm addict
I do n't want her to die .
No but you can be so one 's bi***
If you like him say yes if you do n't say no
The world is full of fucking guys ...
Odds are you would n't get married anyway so find someone new !
You need to sign another one every day with each other .
I think everybody has a right to enjoy my girlfriend doin stripping ... you are welcome to the party too .
But do n't let it bother you .
Unless it was a good dream , of course .
When the ache from the love consumes perhpas ...
Of course . I would go . I do not have to be a muslim to attend such a wedding !
Save your heartbreak , find a nice guy .
You do n't need all girls to like you -- just one .
Probably the flirting led you to beleive he DID want more ?
Ask for her phone number ... if she does not give it - then SHE DOES NOT LIKE YOU .
For me a girl beein mature !
Dump him , just because you love him ... does n't mean he love you .
That would be NONE OF YOUR BUSINESS !
But I have my own opinions too : P
LOL is short for LAUGHING OUT LOUD .
Is it ok for me to have sex with my gf ?
You never know , try flirting with girls ... that helps
Do n't let some other girl get a chance with your crush .
( throws bananna at the screen and scratches head ) ... lol ... Just kidin .
I would hit it even if she was still dripping from his sex
Do what 's right and listen to your heart !
Ask her out on a casual date .
you ca n't get married in jail
Then you have to ask hey !
First of all do n't call then stupid and ugly because they like you .
Gosh ... I love my sister to death , but she always seems to put herself in unhealthy relationships .
Go to iraq and keep in touch .
Stand on a chair or walk on stilts !
No , it just like he loves exchanging girlfriends every now and then .
That you are the one and only ...
Most people don  t even get there .
Try this , did this person have sex with their spouse before they got married ?
What 's so shameful sex is freakin ' awesome !
Just surprise him ... You can do it !
Your story is like in TV series .
Mayb thier hubbys are not good enough ...
Ok , I think its just nothing .
If you love someone it 's because who the are not because the color of their skin
I did quit and joined a rec team and I had so much more fun .
The problem is that the girls that do smell ... think they do n't .
Were not getting any younger , that is the adveture in life .
When I catch him staring at a woman he denies it and yells at me .
You got that right . but have to do it any way . or she kill me .
Whatever you do , just make sure you are not caught up in their fights .
Only if you guyz are best friends
I want to be myself but not scare her away , what should I do ?
( at least of course if you are over 18 ! )
Go out with your ld friends to meet other new friends .
Anyone who 'does n't get it ' is brainwashed .
Not very sexy if you ask me .
All I know is I am with you there !
H ... If you do n't know then I wo n't tell you !
I 'm a boy I know what you should do
Sex and candy Where can I find you ?
Maybe she also got the same feeling as you are ...
I do n't think he does n't trust you .
Sorry but no , get a job
Why get married ... just become some ones Biotch
Well if you are really lookin for advice ... Do n't do it ...
Do n't let him use you ... and by that I mean - Think about your self .
Actually this sounds weird but try watching both kinds of porn One gay , one straight .
A woman married a dolphin , so why not
Be yourself , be confident , and be honest ... if it 's not meant to be then so be it
It makes me feel good about myself when other guys hit on me and flirt with me .
I do n't think so ... Behave yourself ...
( I do n't want to be mean ) but it sounds like he may have some cheating issues .
I do n't have my g/f wait on me .
Of his life , and he would never cheat on me .
I tell my guy that I love him every day .
Whana come sit in my cock pit !
Lights on and on top is sexy !
Well , if she dumped you because you were just being you then .
I ca n't believe he is telling you .
Most of all - HAVE FUN !
Just means that they are n't playing games with their sexuality .
I love sex too and ca n't get enough of it .
I love talking to him , it 's like I do n't feel real good unless I talk to him .
We 're all a little screwy round here !
that 's kool dude ... I still have a long way to go ... but thanks for this 2 points . =D
You seem like a sweet person ... you can find better !
Guys like a little ( not a lot ) mystery in a girl .
I praised my god for got her as my wife .
But that 's not a bad thing if you enjoy it and its with a responsible person .
I just had a vision ... you 'll get married as soon as you decide to do so !
I think you should just write him a note
How old are you well that does n't even matter run
Honey just come right out and tell him about the phone call .
Try some honesty , it works for me
He did n't think about you at all .
I know it sucks now but you 'll get over him .
BEEN married 3 time and have two sons !
He is getting married to a women right ?
Ask her politely why you have n't ' heard from her for years .
You have been hanging around with the wrong women .
Like he is really cute then what do you do then
Then she will think you are really hiding something .
That is a lie if you really love the person your relationship will stay strong no matter what
Or you could spred rumors about her where ever you are .
She does it again , shame on you .
You are doing the right thing just devorce him , and get back to your life .
Then go ask her out , , : )
We have 3 children under 5 , so it 's not like I can play with him for very long .
They are not good to have around babies they have dieases .
Hey does n't everyone like theirself or @ least what they look like ?
But you are n't really asking anything here ...
Here 's the answer that Life is great !
Once I just said , Well , if there 's nothing better to do .
Where the heck do you live ?
Maybe he just does n't feel like talking .
Having younger friends will help make up think & feel younger = )
Surprise her with it and give her little gifts during the dinner !
A boyfriend that 's his friend to .
Tell him your baby is in need of him
You get in life what you pay for .
But , still wants to have sex with you .
Yes its ok , everyone is attracted to other people .
My grandmother tells this story better !
But yeah , guys do think about sex more than girls .
( you all know you were thinking it ! )
See how it goes from there
Except that did n't end too great ... : (
So what do you want to do now ?
People do n't care anymore about others .
Get over yourself and go to that wedding !
My best friend is a guy and we have never tried to be more
What you need to do is get MAD !
Ask them wen they 're hooked up 2 a lie detectotr
In my case though , it did n't !
You wo n't find love on the internet
Ask the girl to go to the dance .
You can do a lot of things .
Lol ... what the heck are you waiting for ... go after him duh !
Play with his lil buddy while he 's playing
How much does your balls sweat ?
If you feel shy , just tell him to close his eyes .
If the boy has such an attitude of mind he 's not worth your love even if you are simple .
you need to talk to him about it and tell him to stop
Well , why did you post such a stereotypical , dumb and pointless question ?
Your 3 year already has a daddy
19 , almost 20 ... how old are you ?
A girl should like you for who you are and nothing else !
Come to henderson north carolina there is enough of them here
If you 're already having sex with the guy anyway ... Best thing to do is have sex .
We 're not mind readers you know ...
Some poeple just need a little push .
If that does n't do it , then I 'm stumped .
Dude , I hate to say it but she was cheating on you with this guy before you broke up .
If she like the beach maybe a weekend in the Bahamas .
Well if you really love her , this will happen for sure .
Do n't even do that to yourself !
Do n't buy a women clothes unless she picks it out , you do not know what looks good on her .
Just be patient do n't ' rush your self .
Take it slow and you try to make it perfect .
Games , games games , do n't play them , you always loose .
And do n't think you wo n't be getting pleasure from it .
Jon & I used to be really close & talk all the time about anything & everything .
She might come clean to you if she does n't want to be with you anymore .
Tell your parents you love them and move on .
Sorry I do n't know where to find him ...
Dogs are like family ( trust me I know .
What can I do to get her to lose weight ?
They have lots of great suggestions on there .
Never let anyone tell you different
Yes , the butt is an important physical feature on a guy that makes him attractive .
An easy way of saying he just wants to be a booty call .
I could n't hurt someone I cared about that way .
I do n't know , I think it is mixed .
What if some guy would ask , why are all woman s1uts ?
YOu do n't have to run but you might want to tell him to slow down !
So what should I do for her !
I know I already said that .
He did n't care if he knew !
Go on a cruise and push her overboard .
It what you make of it .
Its not so good for the person who has the available booty .
Mabey but I 'll never find him
She 's playing with you is what my neighbor says is going on .
I ve never been with a guy who does n't have a great body .
But definately force her because no bra is very unattractive .
You should call him and ask him
I have dated several bi females and its a turn on BIGTIME !
do n't be so posesive , let him free , guys likes freedom
But I absolutely love italian women !
I 'd give you 100pts for that one !
Keep your head high and do n't give up hope if things do n't work out !
If he speaks about it then listen to him and show that you care .
People are just plain dumb .
And I say this in the friendliest way that I can .
Think of the & $ % # he would get if he was dating a girl in Jr. High .
Your wrong on that one personal issues huh ?
My advise : do n't go out with a stranger .
Chances are only once in a blue moon !
You should n't second guess what you guys do if both of you are cool with it .
No , this is not bad at all .
But if your ok with it , and it should b ok !
If he is doing it by choice that should be questioned and watched very closely
Guys are not scared of the word love .
THAY LEFT US KNOW CHOICE BUT TO PART . I NEVER STOP LOVING HIM .
Go where your P leads you mayb even in the wrong direction !
Having sex with a guy who was t sma !
Why did you like doing it ?
I went to clubs and that was just for a fun night .
I 've heard of friends that start going out and find out they were eant to be .
None of the above , ask me about big boys or small boys , and I will tell you . lol
I love having phone sex w/my bf .
You really need to learn to read a person , you know ?
Or that he would like to see you wear , and then go back and buy it .
Before too long ... > > > > > YOU SUCKED THEM INTO YOUR BLACKHOLE OF LOVIN !
Hay just be friends with him
( and I hope things turn out right ... )
Men do n't like women to tell them what they need to do .
But do n't feel bad or hurt if he tries to put you down , Life is long .
In my sweetie 's eyes , I am .
Because you already know so much about oneanother .
that 's funny you asked that because I kinda felt like that about a girl once , ca n't really explain why .
Or just pretend he is n't there .
If you 're considering taking him back DO N'T .
You 're a threat alright , you just do n't know it yet .
Just speak with your eyes baby !
Great kisser but great sex is nice too : )
Yeah your just confused and do n't know who you want right now
It depends on you . but would you want to ?
Oh , and if the guy is to marry the girl , she ca n't have slept with too many other guys .
It has to be something in the water !
What kind of friend are you looking for ?
Nope ... maybe he wants 2 hear your voice before he tucks himself 2 bed .
Probably the one thing that comes before good health on the human scale of existance !
You do understand they 're just using you , do n't you ?
Just latch on to his di ck and you will instantly own him .
Sex is serious and dirty , Making love is fun .
Ha ha that stuff is all true that 's how I get sometimes ...
Because some guys tottally lose their brain when they are around hot grl like me : )
When women get togeather that 's one of the main toppics .
Maybe you are into the bad boys ?
You most likely can do a lot better .
Just where ever you go give her the best of the best !
I know I personally would WANT my daughter to be a lesbian because I know what guys are like .
If they do n't then they arent worth you caring what they think
Well now I 'm pregnant with his kid ... how do I tell him without him going BALISTIC !
Start by kissing , then start to do a little more .
It depends on the girl I guess , but I lie all the time and people really buy it : )
I would n't worry about the embarrasment factor there .
Put your nose into her p ... !
I know a women who was married to a jerk and he beat their kids .
Find a new man if you care that much
If he gets the point , then stick it out ...
Keep that , you may find he is a really cool guy and want to stay friends
I do n't know who you meet .
Would you like it if your future husband cheated on you ?
Your charming smile baby , which costs nothing
If not someone will find you
Well you can apologize , , but you ca n't have him back , , just accept what you already decided ...
Well in your case I 'm like your g/f n your like my husband !
Because they are to in love and they think that there 's hope
Do not know , except that I am not on the list .
You know your man , if you trust him do n't worry .
I ca n't think of ANY reasons .
There 's hot and awesome guys that weigh over 250 !
Should I go back or stay home ?
Better question ... WHY IS HE YOUR BOYFRIEND ?
I dunno ... I just know that I just gained 2pts .
Otherwise its just something else that may lead to love you never know
I go out of my way for a married man .
Now I 'm at 28 and single .
You marry becasue you want to spend the rest of your life with the man !
Maybe , 90 % she does and 10 % she does n't .
HOW COOL AND we should THANK HIM EACH DAY FOR WONDERFUL FEELINGS OF SEX !
Depends if you believe in books about what dreams mean I guess ...
Let me guess : move to New Zealand ?
To each their own BUT I 'll still be eating my chocolates and enjoying my roses while you ... ?
My friend old me this when I first saw that word
Bear in mind , that this guy had n't been in a relationship for almost 9 years !
I ca n't believe I wasted years of my life being with trash like you !
As long as she is n't thier boss .
Yep , some are WAY OUT THERE . hello .
Yes , so that I can do the same to her !
If someone doe n't ask you out , does that mean that you are unattractive or something ?
1. marriage is not a joke !
He obviouly does n't accept you for you so how can you stay with him no piont in being miserable .
Dance for him with something sexy !
I want to do things to you I would n't even do to an oreo .
I 'm 38 : - ) would anybody lie about that age ?
NEVER HIDE ... you might just loose them .
Wow , sounds great except for the 6 months thing , give it some time dude !
If ya want to make love for more than 5 min at a time ... Do n't have kids ...
If he did , he would n't cheat .
She 's still probably living with her parents
Y do it matter to you ?
1st of all you ca n't help what you dream about , and 2nd fantasizing is just that , a fantasy .
And it makes ppl more anxious and jealous , so beware of that too .
Hahahaha yeaah right like I am going to post that kind of personal info
I guess you are queer , Just be your self , You ca n't please an Human Being .
If you do n't doubt him anymore ... your instincts are always d best sign
Wait so he does n't have a reason to hate you
What was that about now I am curious too .
Have you ever had a fallout like that ?
If this boy like you you should go with him .
Tell your friend to tell him that you like him .
It ai n't over till the fat lady sings !
Hell NO , you must be smart
You get even by becoming a better person then you were before you met her .
Do n't just go to him and say hey I want to bone your sister really bad .
Try being the women then I am sure you 'll find one .
I 've been with my husband since I was 19 and I 'm going to be 26 next month .
Hang out with him a couple times and see what he is like
Falling in love ( really in love ) is just magical ... until reality hits you in the head : - )
I am to busy to respond to that ... # 2 would be ...
Probably so could n't stay away from eachother long !
Why do n't you call her . send some valentines card !
Ask him where does he see his life going ?
It is all about that dollar !
And really get to know her .
I started likin some1 I didnt before when they asked me out so just ask .
I think she likes me because of the flirting , and person talk that goes on , between us .
I do n't want to be annoying !
But remember that dating does n't have to mean being boyfriend girlfriend .
Not all guys it depends on the guy .
Sense of humor is very important
Repeat after me ... you are a lying dirt face !
Do not do it in private .
If you love a boy then tell hem
Common , you want your cousin to love you .
Once you have moved on then you wo n't care if he moves on or not .
Because pain is pleaser , & when one bleeds it 's like an orgasm !
: ) Seriously though , the best way is just to tell them .
May god and your fellow soldiers preserve you
THEN YOU KNO what TO DO ... forgive .
Once a cheater always a cheater !
Say back off bitch I hate you
I only care who she is now .
Realize mom and dad are happy being apart .
No but he see you more bitful at night because your father is sleeping lol
Sometimes it really sucks , but it 'll be when its meant to be .
Are you wanting to get married ?
I 've had this problem so many times just stick with both of them but just play your cards rigtht !
If he wants to be friends thenso be it .
It 's like your happy most of the time and you 're always glowing .
Marriage is better , no one said that it was going to be easy .
The gay guys love listening to them .
Kiss her on the cheek first and if she knows what you mean shell carry on from there ... ; )
If she blows you off , forget it .
If you love someone then you sacrifice being with other people .
you ca n't put your life to be all about her .
Think , what 's her favorite resturaunt ... cofee shop ... vineard ... etc .
Now you get two of everything .
But I would not agree that girls should attack first !
Maybe a hot bath for both of you !
So my suggestion to you is do n't GET SERIOUS ABOUT GETTING SERIOUS
It probably was n't the brightest thing for him to tell you , but I would n't worry about it .
If you truly in love you do n't want anything else .
If my hubby cheated , I 'd probably chop his thing off and hang it from the mustang 's rearview mirror ...
Your a guy love is a very wierd thing .
do n't compromise your salvation for anyone .
I have too much to live for .
Open it and ask her just like ya did here .
Tell him that you love him & # 92 ; her in any way .
Make it look like you want her like something else .
My bf notices so many girls when he 's driving and he tries not to make it obvious .
Treat him just like you would a good friend you have not seen in a long time .
Would have sex with more than one guy at once ?
Sometimes guys say that stuff to play you .
If I really think about it I want to be with both of them I guess .
Dream of me for 4 years , then hop on my boat
To you what can a woman do say or look like in order to be sexy
Crushing on a guy , and knowing he likes me too ?
I loved this guy but after he humiliated me in front of 40 ppl , I dunno what I feel !
No , just leave him like a dog and he 'll know how good you are !
Of course , if it feels right .
Have I told ... you lately ... that I lub you ... ?
I dunno HOW il get over him .
I prefer a friend to whom I can talk !
We have had lots of in & outs .
If you do n't mind being her backup then okay .
you do n't take any precaution and you get pragnent
Maybe you just need Mr. Just for Me
Is it too far for you ?
When you 're both naked and in bed together
If you really like him you will just know .
You can stop trying to control her life ?
My guy does he says that it gives him an oppunity to tell be how beautiful I am
( think about what that makes you look like to his friends ?
Well , I WOULD date a girl who was stripper , because I do n't matter who she was .
No , he should not get married to her at this time .
But your bf is n't you bf .
I love not having 2 worry about N E body but myself .
What is wrong with you ?
Oh , and if guys knew you said that nobody would like you , just so you know .
Of course ... just tell him everything you know
( careful if he 's a non-understanding homosapien )
... Oh yeah , a great sense of humor , good-natured and self-confidence .
I would not like to be the 7th guy if she thinks about the 8th
He 's such a sweet heart but I tell ya , I 've got ta question his thinking skills sometimes ... lol .
Pick me but be a little more specific on type or stereo I mean age counts too !
Why does she want to look ?
I do n't like to hurt anyone .
Kudos to her for sticking withit even when it upsets her !
My boyfriend of alittle over a year now has continued to lie to me throughout our relationship .
Did he do it on purpose ?
At least you can trust us cause even if we lie you 'd know !
Ask her why she in the relationship and how she feel about you
Becuase they usually just like to make you feel bad .
But to answer your question no there is no way to understand men .
I love my bf/childs father to death !
Obviously you decided you do n't want to sleep with him or you would have already .
Y ca n't they just treat us with respect ?
Which of course really pissed my off .
Your suppossed to sign that thing ?
God does n't care about sexual procliviites , what a narrow way of thinking !
A nice yard wedding worked for me .
People freaked out about that , but I 'm glad I married him .
Only if your heart desires to , if your gut says run then do so
Once a cheat , always a cheat ...
Wait and see what she has to say .
Maybe he thinks its your fault that you have a baby .
No offense to any good men out there
However I really do love her .
But I am unsure of that .
And DO NOT encourage your girlfriend to become a stirpper .
My bffl went ut with a really short guy and they even kissed .
If he says sure hye 's not cheating .
She likes you like a bother
If I do then why would I be snooping around In his stuff ?
Maybe its because he is not lonely .
No , that makes you the girl of my dreams !
Kick his ass and get rid of him .
I here a coat hanger and a vacuum will do the job
He does n't love you , break up with him and do n't even listen to his excuses !
You see her looks and that 's it !
If you do n't you 'll never have contact with him .
Being good all the time is boring .
We have hormones too , you know !
No , unless you feel you need to doubt that .
Sweet heart I love you so much .
Got anything better to do the rest of your life than trying to understand them ?
Right then is when you need to relax for a while .
Sometimes I come back to my hometown to get away which is across country to where he is .
Have sex right before you go to bed
Try yes if you like him and no if you do n't !
But if I had to choose ... Black ... White men just do n't do it for me ...
And depends on if he likes war games or sports or role playing ect ...
I do n't want him as a boyfriend anymore .
I guess becuase they are loved , if not they would n't find it .
The coaches were more laid back and I usually played over half the game .
They just think differantly than you .
It can even help your relationship
Just keep going till you hit the next Level I. e Level 4
I speak idiot , gruntinees and jabberwocky ... maybe I can help PM me
Mayhaps you should travel to the uk and find this out .
Okay , most of the girls in your campus hate him .
Like ours go to their breasts .
Dump the one you have ( Trust me : She 'd be shocked !
Open your mouth and say something !
Give her something really nice and then ask right there on the spot .
Who the fuck can I answer if I do n't even know if you are a boy or girl .
Love is not rare do n't worry and do n't be the bit*ch ok ?
She should decide to prevent getting pregnant .
If he 's cheating then kick him to the curb .
Start from the day of your wedding .
Of course I have plenty of friends who are guys ... yet I have plenty of friends that are girls .
your future is not bright it ; ll leads you to death .
But if your worried about it because there 's no commitment you guys should talk first .
I hate wearing flats and I wo n't do it just to make a guy feel better .
If he loves you , he will be heartbroken , but he will get over it .
Y do you marry him when he 's quiet and noe you want him to talk to you ?
I see it online everywhere ... I was just wondering
So if you have n't slept together yet ... do n't .
What kind of father does that make him ?
Go hang around with some really rough men , you know , a ' man 's man '
The problem is , I do n't know if she likes me .
I do n't like a big cry baby though !
It means that she likes you as a brother
That only works in bad teen movies !
Perhaps ... but obviously not enough feeling for her to leave his wife .
If not , stay with your sister !
Alright , the way it 's always worked for me is to go out with a friend .
Do he still like me are is he playing games
I do n't like the way they cus .
The problem is , how can I say no and still remain good friends ?
Some are 'snugglers ' , some are not .
I invited her over and we went inside my room and I shut the door lol .
I think so for romantic love plus its really fun
Did you watch movie The Game ?
Just do n't tell her you love her too early .
I want work to be over with today and forever !
Remember the good times and forget the bad but it takes time
I saw them last year they were great etc
She 's not even in college yet , and you want 2 have a serious relationship ?
If you ca n't do that then maybe you can email him .
The more you think about here the more you want here .
At times I think only sex .
It should be elaborate , public , and show her really how much she means to you ... GO FOR IT !
N but it can make it a lot worse !
Maybe d love wasnt really that much when you got married ... you just thought it was !
because then when one hurts you , o well you hav another to fall bac on .
Tell her to try asking him out or something .
Lovin up with some skeezer tramp .
... if she does n't like you enough to remain only with you , it 's not worth it .
You should go out with a guy you like .
She ca n't stop you from seeing your little man .
A real man would not have to bribe you to kill your child .
I would stop calling and see if he misses you and calls you !
You daughter is acting stupid and you should tell her so , then shut up .
Maybe the same way you told us !
If I didnt have kids I would die for the one I love .
Why so many men dream about living with an asian girl .
Please help : what do I do ?
Cheat on her with one of her friends and treat her friend better than you treated her
Tell her not to see any bad guys !
Wow , a lot of my friends ' girlfriends ask me this same question .
Still trying to figure that one out myself
Well try kissing him ... are there any sparks ?
Yeah my boyriend is crazy abou my toes !
Do this either before he leaves or when you first see him .
Make it slow and steady ... opss I 'm a man ...
Are you hearing your self out ?
Tell him what you want , basicly , and lead him ,
Ca n't he get a girl to share hers with him ?
You get bored easily when with him/her .
You know what you should do .
Sorry but my magic 8 Ball says NO
Well one day I sat him down and told him I liked him .
She asked me about my feelings ...
Well all depends on how long you been with her .
Because if you knew that , you might try to do or be that .
You just opened a can of worms ! ... lol .
If she wants to , she will when she 's free .
There is no way that that 's the problem .
The dress , and brides maids dresses might take you a month alone LOL
Later on that month things started changing .
I would say that is not okay because just because he 's a guy does n't mean that its right !
I 'd go wit jamookae , hz gt serious emotional issues !
I was thinking about how to kiss her next time : )
This my opinion , that 's whow I think about this !
Yes there are , I am not one of them .
WHY SHOULD you KILL THAT INNOCENT BABy
She 's just not that into you .
Be nice and relaxed and let her know that you like her .
Then they might come after you or it was just not ment to be .
Step 2 : if you do n't see any result after 3 weeks .
9 out of 10 times , what you like seeing him in , is n't what he is comfortable in .
But I 'm not the one who did anything wrong . I love him so much what should I do ?
Remember , just because a guy knows your involved , does n't mean he wo n't try anyway .
Roses are red , violets are blue .
! , and HEE N , it 's not wrong , do what you got ta do
Perhaps his wife does n't seduce him the way she used to .
Ya I care , but its not everything
He 'll understand and think nothing of it .
You marry the one you ca n't live without .
Yes find your next boyfreind . dam there are a lot of lonly peoples out there move on
You have to basically overdose to get off .
If someone used sex toys and it was n't good then it did n't help them .
Sorry its always gona be aucword and kinda weiro ish .
So how do I get it to come out again ?
If I knew who she was I could help .
Not just honest but honorable ... ie not a cheater or player
I like school teachers ... but I 'm not one .
I wear glasses and I have had boyfriends .
If I had met the woman of my dreams she would be everything I need .
After I busted him cheating of course .
Do n't make yourself sound so disgusting ... and cheap ... Married men are off limits ...
I love to dream , about different men , I guess it 's okay .
Straight up tell them and at the right moment . not whn there is a bunch of ppl around
30 is pretty young to be gaining a lot of weight .
Just stand firm and tell him it 's over .
You are too young and too many things can go wrong .
He got what he wanted ... he is done with you .
And if not the pet store ... just look around the barns .
No , if you already free him in you 're life and find another girl .
If I knew , I 'd be in front of you !
I do n't know you to love you !
It 's too late , you missed your chance , and she has moved on now .
Guaranteed there is someone who likes her that she 's missing because she 's obsessed with this other guy .
So you like a lesbian and your not a lesbian that makes no sense what so ever
Just hit me up and we 'll talk about this one .
Instead of telling him -show him what you like ...
Most will if they get the chance but your not married so ... its about 99 % I think
Its on their greatest hits this is it -the best of FNM
The police went into the patatoe factory and kicked the first bacg and she said , Meow !
I do n't like to get dirty .
Emma watson is ugly and a gerk !
I think his chin is s sexy !
It should be easy to meet him if do that !
Bucky seems like an okay guy ... but I ca n't stand the way he sings !
Yeap it is Suger , We 're Going Down By F. O . B ... AWSOME SONG !
And you call yourself a prof ?
Linkin parks album , cnt rememba d name
She 'd get torn apart by simon .
I just have one good friend .
Oh they 're the bestest of friends and I do n't think you want to know what they share
Dude ... are you seriously offended by a CARTOON ?
We are accompanied by three destroyers , three cruisers and numerous support vessels .
I would be Angelina Jolie ( DId I spell it right ? )
I found a bunch of his songs online ... they are pretty good !
I do n't kno if this is funny or sad or both but told me here it goes ...
Salma hayek , for a long long time . she is the sexiest woman alive . I love her s much
Some thing like hard rock/medal for a christain 15 year old
Not great but I know he laughed when he said it
P. s Now your avtar refects real you .
I just purchased the 1st season of Little Britain FUNNY SHOW !
Fall out boy is way more punkish ... different ... and Panic !
OMG I love the song bad day .
Jennifer Lopez , WHAT A RUMP !
Go to child lock and then hit left or right arrow key and wait .
Wait until you hear his next song .
The Killer 's latest album always gets me going no matter what .
I am totally with you on this one !
Yes , if he says on his website he will sue , he probably means it .
I mean L : OOK AT her ... she has everything that anyone would have DREAMED for ...
First of all love will fool you !
I think you just fried my brain
Idk ... but I have faith in you lol
Would that be the man on the brady bunch ?
I love Hurt , The Perfect Drug ... oh , and so many more songs !
Ashley Simpson , I f**in hate her !
: hung up & sorry rock- > what I can say first ?
I 'm gon na go with amy 's song ... but what do you think ?
Guess it depends on who stands up
I saw it as a child and it still freakes me out whenever I think of it ...
We work all the times and do n't see eachother that much .
Do you mean over and over by nelly feat .
Susan from Desperate Housewives ... she 's a cool mom
But I have met a bunch of celebritys after spending weeks on there outfits !
And you need to add more to your question .
Board game-Life on line game-slingo P. C .
ONE best friend , a lot of friends
( Oh ) Spendin  all your money on me , on me , on me What you gon  do with all that junk ?
Yes I am a movie crier ...
I think brad is having some sort of crises .
Anyone who goes on a 'celebrity ' reality shows ... puke inducing morons trying to save a crap career .
I had to drink after watching that one !
( It also helps if you know the singer )
It just ended last year ( I think ) with the movie Star Wars : Episode  : Revenge of the Sith .
I hate her ... because she is rich and she can do everything
I only like So Sick and that is played out .
Urban Cowboy ... I have n't seen this movie in ages ... you made me want to go pick it up
To which the little brother replied , No , but Gramma is !
Goodluck and have a nice day at Disneyworld !
Because he 's not on the 20th story
It is the only colour that it can be ,
And he says 'no ' and she says 'well , you will be when the tide comes in . '
Get noticed , get hired ... get on tv .
Because they are freaks with makeup .
Its like you can move with it and just go with the flow .
I agree Jason x sucked but the first Terminator was just as bad .
Do not listen to anyone else .
Anything by Diana Ross & The Supremes !
Try The Oakridge Boys Greatest Hits , Vol 1
Do n't even bother renting the dvd .
Maybe he should play heavy metal once in a while to help vent !
SO waht kinda hoop do you want ?
DNAngel mostly for girls ( I am a girl ) I guess but great artwork and for me great plot .
The man came out with tears in his eyes , I tried , but I ca n't kill my wife .
I think I was all hyped up for brokeback so I did n't find it that great .
Ang is taking brad on a wild ride .
So it was n't really a fair bet .
It 's because of the one question that captivates men and women alike . I wish I knew how to quit you !
Still the songs of 80 's are the best .
Closer You & I by Gino Padilla
Country voices and are & B songs just do n't mix !
Because we need lots of stuff .
I can hardly listen to his stuff after I read his journals .
I finally saw the movie Crash .
That would be good for a start ...
I don ; t know but he had great music .
She exclaims , I can hardly stand it !
Its a real riot watching it .
The besatles will never be forgotten .
Erin Brockovich : Oh see , now that pisses me off .
I 'm a hopeless romantic so I 'll go for pretty woman and sweet home alabama ... = )
Apolo Anton Ohno ( Olympic speed skater USA )
Of course I never want to eat in a restaurant again .
I wish Rory was in more movies , he is so weird & mysterious !
do n't get me wrong I like jennifer , she 's cute but angie is hot .
By the way it 's chrno crusade , weird but it 's spelled like that .
Hope they keep his hair long like that for the rest of HP movies ...
I hope they release it on DVD soon
Ask your parents , maybe they can help .
Yup same as justice BATMAN - FOREVER .
How about the Eagles , or say , Don Henley ?
And then he says OK , let 's get started with the first question : 2+2 equals ... ?
Oh , and Superman was in it too .
2 times 2 is 4 2 plus 2 is 4
By the way Greenday Rock on !
And There was a blonde driving down the road listening to the radio .
Steve Martin , myabe , probably Jon Stewart , or Reese Witherspoon
It had the vibe of a real comic , with the language and the effects
Kazaa works a lil better than limewire ... but you got ta have a mighty load of antiviruses , because it is LOADED !
Reva shane-lewis-lewis she married both the lewis brothers .
I 've got TiVo ready to go .
Kinda a Anti Hero , but a villain also .
I ca n't wait - when does it come on ?
You no you ask the dumbest questions !
I used to like her but I do n't anymore .
The only mall I found was : Lake Forest Mall 701 Russell Avenue Ofc Gaithersburg , MD 20877
Play with the fire , And you 're gon na to get burned .
Keaunue ... spell check on that one is he gay my whole family tells me he is ...
Meatloaf can sing his ass off .
I do but it still embarrasses me
It was so funny and original , I loved it !
This is what you spent -5 points on ?
Yup , got ta be the Cat in the Hat .
Sven , he said , I got a game .
How the hell should I know , how much do you like it ?
Any movie that has vampires I like !
Even if they are using a backline company on the rider ... by the way ...
I would be suprised if I had no eyebrows
You get so many perks that you would be way better off than winning 6 . 5 mil .
They have children and you have cousin ...
How could you ever top that ?
Back when they actually played music .
He pulls up alongside the woman and says , Good morning Ma'am .
Nel Carter in This Aint My Fridge !
I am not a lady , I am not even Scorpio , but here goes ...
I mean look at new york then look at hoopz .
YEA She is an OK singer
Some stuff are free but they are illegal
I like real club music not that loud , overplayed crap they blast in club these days !
I balme it on Avril , Britney , and Chrsitina .
He looked me up & down & said It 's your body .
Board and watching t much TV
I do n't know , what do you think ?
Do I listen to the blues yeah I do .
I thought it was pay it forward ?
that 's one my favorite songs ... so do n't diss it .
Mariah is awesome ... kelly clarkson is good too
Did n't you catch the snake scene in From Dusk 'Til Dawn !
Hi brittjam ... you KNOW it 's Green day !
Cherub Rock - great big piles of super huge Big Dumb Rock fun .
They showed a picture of her on the beach in a bikini on E !
If your into christan punk then you know thousand foot krutch .
What about David Hodo -- UMM !
McDreamy does n't do much for me .
because the cat wouldnt eat it if you put it on a plate they like to hunt mice
So here are some jokes which are not mine .
I want to know the real actors names and the names they used in the movie crash ?
Look at who he was married too , yep he killed himself .
No way my heart goes to christina ricci , fuck off I have her autograph ... do you ?
Yep , it 's the one by Prince that one about sobbing pigeons
As of today no but with lucas one never really knows
Give me good reason , why or why not ?
Nicole kidman was great . I liked reese whitherspoon too .
Blues harp ( harmonica ) I love to blow a little blues .
Jed allen he 's a soap opera actor .
It was on the ground floor and landed in a soft bush
The songs twinkle twinkle little star , if possible to download the song or just listen to it streaming
( Wow some one wants 2 be my friend )
Quick , walk , no RUN and slam you hand in a door NOW !
Oh ... and do n't read things into his actions - be strong and move on .
Inside the red house there were lots of red babies .
All in all , I 'm a fan .
Too many good ones to pick
I hate jese mcartney ... he is so fuckin gay .
THAT IS ILLEGAL I 'm GOn nA REPORT you
Na he killed himself with drugs , she was doing and probably is still doing drugs
Gosh , my prom was n't that long ago , but I have n't thought of some of these songs in FOREVER !
Yes it 's so sad and romatic you should definitly have the kleenex handy : )
I want it back , I watch it all the time , so do allot of my friends
I got limewire if I download songs on it will I get a ticket ?
Did you she ever have a concert ?
Xero actually spelt like that but you say it zero
All the time and I always defend the one that 's right . !
And its a RIFF not a SOLO !
! qriptynighte bullets wo n't do any thing they will go in and out !
I think it depends on who broke up with who but I feel that you can always go back
I 'm a magnet to the mall !
Make sure they donot hurt others both mentally and physically
Best Country Vocal Performance , Male  Georgia on My Mind ,  Willie Nelson
Are YOU thinking what I 'M thinking ?
His boyfriend says why would you do that .
A metal hoop a plastic hopp ?
But , I am not surprised that guys do n't get it ... lol
It makes me happy to watch it .
Um different races in the group which makes them awesome !
BIG deal , if they do n't want fans around do n't be entertainers .
Sure y not I am a girl my yahoo ID is crazy_ovel15
Well I 'm not scared of clowns and neither are my kids .
Yay , I love to watch her .
I am gon na have to defend the werewolf here .
I love that movie but I do n't remember the name
Dylan is definitely much more well-known , but I prefer cohen
And does the second half get better ?
You 're not born with an accent .
I did n't know that she did .
And what would an ex-lover say about him ?
It is about a doctor doing testing or something like that .
I personally thought it was a brilliant movie and it showed how society connects
It made me cry at the little girl part ...
Is it another nick name for MARIAH CAREY ?
And Sorority Boys , what a funny ass movie !
Get a box of Girlfriend Helper and just add LOVE !
Noone is hotter than jessica alba except yo momma oh burrn hehehe
Cheesy pickup line - want to go halfsies on a bastard ?
I listen to everything my son listens too .
Oh man , thinking about it takes me back .
Anyway , I think country songs are basically diaries or something .
But make sure you have an active fire wall and anti -virus .
# 1 - You 're not a hippie .
Erm , why are you not lying on the beach catching rays ?
Oh and if you say love/hate them explain why pl
It would break my heart if I found out him and Bob were a couple !
( by the way , the actor who died was Bela Lugosi , star of Dracula ! )
I have gotten Blink 182 's Mark Hoppus 's signature when I was a super Blink fan ... so obsessed , lol .
If I told ya I may have to kill ya
No purple stuffed animal on screen !
I also like Rush , Rush , To the Yayo !
Sorry I 'm a leo but thank you
So that 's how they got their oscar !
I saw the picture of her on E !
See if what I say is n't true .
I 'm scared that you would even want one
Can I have the 10 pts ?
Bambi such a classic and now there is a new one although I 've never seen it .
Or would that kill the buzz ?
Some cartoon people grow up to be someone else
But he sure does make me laugh !
I LOVE the one with the misunderstanding and they think Jack is gay but he really is n't .
She puts it in the VCR and its all blurry , so she calls the video store .
You get two great tastes in one candy bar ...
that 's 16 songs each 5 min long .
NO , he 's not gay Why are you so obsessed with other peoples lives ?
Last time I cried I shattered my femur
Hope this helps and email when you get it !
Sounds like the Bee Gees song , Staying Alive .
So my answer is I think they are both ugly and horrible singers too
And threw her arms around my neck .
A man needs to take a dump really bad so he runs into a nearby portapotty .
you tryin to make us scoff at you ?
I have to admitt I love the guy .
HOOP HOOP well I 'm half scorpio and half Libra
What are a couple of good bit rates and converters
Fave band : destiny 's child fave singer : beyonce fave actress : beyonce
Its just liek any type of music that hits real big and then it will die down .
I heard some where he agreed to do 3 more shows
Um neva heard of these songs
Anne murray would finally have a hit song
Yes yes yes , see no stupid answer here ...
Acoustic wave from BOSE I love mine
I 'll tell you what I got .
Madonna have you seen the way that old woman dances
So the guy in back yells ,  Take it off !
( if you have n't seen them on tv )
And that fat dude on the Apprentice is talking .
So he moves to the next bag and kicks it and she says , Woof !
Just looking at her face annoys me to no end !
Oh my god they both suck tremendously .
He 'll be drivin ' to hard time drinkin ' !
She sings well , but there is better out there , none like aliayah , are . I. p .
Also , Billie Joe and Tre are really sexy
Now she 's getting richer , just because she 's famous .
I got ta know this one ... thanx for asking !
I like their old stuff better , but someof their new stuf is aiight .
There 's so many I want to go to !
But ca n't sing as good as taylor .
I agree I think they are gross too .
Killed himself in houston xmas eve 1958. russian roulette style .
Like you 'll ever get a rockstar to fall in love with you !
I did get into Dream Theater after I started playing and I do n't consider them metal .
? He rapped with 50cent and a lot of other people , I ca n't believe you do n't know who he is !
I have two Prison Break and Gilmore Girls
There was very little solid story line ... but that 's just me ...
RUPUNZEL ( RUpunzel rupunzel let down your hair ! )
Now should you mean the devil inside ?
And all she does is get paid for being at other people big parties .
And it says : Right now , Hip Hop music is going DOWNHILL !
I still find it funny though .
that 's a great Question ! but sorry I do n't know ! maybe trying to write new songs 4 lp .
I did not know they were like that !
Oh and the fight scenes and choreography ROCKS !
Why does everyone here have really bad music tastes ?
And with a great deal of therapy , may even walk again ... Man driving down road .
That 's what made it so funny .
Which Star Trek series was it ? ... it might not have been TNG .
Do you mind if I give you a bit of advice ?
-Try some and decide for yourself !
Get yourself a copy of Web root 's Spy Sweeper .
I just laugh to myself- Hey man 's got ta eat , right ?
It has been so long since I have seen Passions and I started watching it and I 'm so lost .
Ya I stood there for like 20 minutes it was rather entertaining
Anything with a nice beat and rapping .
Actually , the title is Na Na Hey Hey Kiss Him Goodbye
And jennifer lopez is a tramp .
Whoa I did n't know that , thanks for the info !
Eww is a one word answer
To make it stop you need to say amen the guy is about go so he says hallelujah !
OH YEAH I totally forgot about that day ... APRIL FOOLED YOU !
MTV Unplugged , you know back in the day when MTV was a music station ...
you want to count that from US ?
0 , no sound in a vaccume .
She 's also looks fun and flirty .
I know , He is a Close friend !
Do n't forget to remember me- by carrie underwood
I know physics and I enjoyed it
I love idol ... got my whole family addicted
Not played on the radio - Spock 's Beard .
( I 'd love 2 see some boys without their shirts ! )
I like a lot of different kinds rock .
Not the best movie ever ... but close to there !
He goes my mama says not to and I do n't wane to .
Try to wear somethin suttle and soft .
want to grow old with you- Wedding Singer 10 .
You handled yourself AND your buddy wonderfully !
See if your area is on there .
I want to move to beverly hills and do all of the rich womens nails ... get paid big bucks !
But always try to do your best .
Snoop dogg always raps about hoes suckin his fat dick
Just One of the Guys , Teen Witch , Drop Dead Fred !
The father replied , I do n't know son , I 'm still paying .
The 2nd season just ended on WB .
I do n't hate anyone neither should you .
Please email me if you know , its elsjosh @ yahoo.com
What cd ( or other ) would you take and why ?
But do n't know if its true .
I 'm bringing home a baby bumble bee ... oww , he stung me !
Drums , because I 'm awesome at playing them .
I am a Hugh Coop Fan !
Just a weird cartoon I guess that its haha
Try an arab website ! ... you wo n't find one here
How many of you like Rap and ( or ) Hip-Hop ?
The only song I like of hers is super old but its skater boi
Which is not much if you ask me .
I 'm working on my drumset skills right now paradiddle , paradiddle , paradiddle
I dunno de name of the song jooz talking about .
Pictures with the pink coat also ... or just some really good info about it ... or any really good wallpaper of Mariah . Thanks .
? I want to be sure before I do
I like no doubt but not gwen solo
I like superman , I hope the new movie is good .
No I do n't like gettin in front of a lot of people
Who cares what people think about you .
He totally ruined the movie ... he was so ugly !
Keira knightly , it really flatters her face and she looked great at the oscars
If you text your answer in it might if you do n't have text messages in your plan
Even though I am a girl I thought those were hilarious !
It was like something out of star wars= anakin skywalker/darth vader
South pacific braveheart godfather trilogy platoon animal house
Your mind can travel where your body can not ... its mind over matter
Man I love that song so much .
David Duchovny ... I love his bottom lip !
If he were just Ok Man , would we know who he was ?
A white horse fals in the mud !
It 's also is the movie labamba when the plane crashes~
I like The Little Mermaid and The Lion King
If so please write me a lot !
But dead baby , dead puppy jokes are pretty low .
Labyrinth or Notebook or The Goonies ... hard to pick just one .
They are remaking The Dirty Dozen .
I think it was for stock trading but maybe not
Val Kilmer in Tombstone I got 2 guns 1 for each of ya .
I was reading some of my old copies today : - )
Nope , but I was sure hoping for it !
... if he 's so gay and effeminate ?
O I get it stand alongside music !
Get the Strategy Guides , I did .
I think Jason X was , a bunch os stoner , surfer , Californian type people can not make a movie for crap !
I do , but it is sort of cute !
I never do that in the zoo , couse have a lot of people in there !
Site I gave you has their entire discogrophy !
Not sure because I do n't have the cd of the group I 'm thinking of .
Mary ann she had a better body
I also saw Madonna ( fascinating ) , Depeche Mode ( mind blowing ) , David Bowie ( Wow !
I sing it in the shower ... Does that help you ?
Which ones have you watched . how did you get to watching them ?
It depends how much they will pay
Now , I only like her clothes ( some of them ) .
Where funny costumes and drive people crazy !
Not because it a gay themed movie but because it is a very good movie to watch
Its going to be our class song ...
Well , I have 2 gd friends , like they are always there for me .
That I 'm a woman 's man with no time to talk !
No its her magazine she brought it out
I like both Chinese songs and English songs ...
Would love to see Ozzy or AC/DC before they hang it up for good .
We Got Us A Pippi Virgin
I think both of them have talents .
Punk , ska , indie , grunge , proto punk ...
If you mean his email address , ya !
Axe smells good , but kenzo is awsome !
I did n't even know it was called anime then , to me it was just plain old cartoons .
So if you cry during sappy movies then yes .
But I was backstage the whole time !
My fav song is `` my humps ''
Wake up and smell the bread !
They were really pretty bad , but again I was a kid that was a huge fan .
Reading a book , she replies , ( thinking , Is n't that obvious ? )
I used to like road rules but it 's cancelled .
They probably did and they just want to fake out the paparazzi
Actually , yes I can , its one of my party tricks : p
Yes because that is the only thing I 'm good at , when it comes to lying . LOL
Uncle Sam taught him to shoot a little too well ...
Yes ... but being a geek is a bad thing ... Dav .
The real world , the newly weds and laguna beach
Try ebay or looking it up on p2p sites .
No because he had to fight the bad guys a lone and without him the area would be unsafe .
It 's definetly worth missing something important to watch it !
He goes my mama says not to and I do n't want to .
Well , I guess what I 've heard is that you 're always on the go and you 're 'fiery '
Go to sleep , tomorrow we have to work !
I go to the WB website and summerland is n't on it anymore .
None of them are the worst , they 're all good but the other 3 do n't thrill me musically .
I do n't no or care because thiz question is crap
Oh ... and Spice Girls hee hee hee
No , the CIA man replied , You do n't have what it takes .
Who is your favorite music artist and why ?
I hope it was n't meant to be serious .
But it is a disfigure cell that grew the wrong way .
Eminem because his some of his music is just so funny and relevent to todays pop music enviorment .
What are good tips ( promotions ex . )
Ai n't we lucky we got 'em
As a supervisor I had people convinced they were not supposed to be at work that day .
I do n't know what to download off limewire now ... I downloaded everything I want ... help me out peoples
Well I have lots of them ... but one of them is : Send me on my way by Rusted Root .
Yes , tons , I like to have more though .
Maybe something to do with his Hepatitis C ?
Why did the amputee go to the bar ?
Paris Hilton is famous because she 's rich .
Liked seeing some Casablanca quotes make it in there !
I really like sean paul ... try that ... the new one temperature and we be burnin '
Shit they all funny who knows
And the man says , That 's weird , I work for 3M !
I really love CSI ... CSI -- -Las Vegas the original is the best !
Why stay home if you can go !
It wsa for the show reunion , the show that got cancelled .
Pussycat Dolls- ach ug , sorry , I choked while trying to type that they were a band .
Some of de lyrics are ai n't gon na let no body turn me around , turn me around
I do n't know and I do n't think anyone else would know otherwise they have made it up .
I do n't see you as a freak .
It 's kinda hard totell you got ta admit !
Either tool 's undertow or siouxie and the banshees ' greatest hits
I heard one of the band members was sick
Not me I like that song !
They were all awful and boring last night .
Not even fall out boy fucking sucks
She said god dad - that 's Hillary Duff
I am just sick of hearing about them .
Familt Guy , The Simpons , Futurama , and South Park !
White chicks and ace ventura when nature calls .
I loved Reese in it though and I 'm glad she won the oscar .
Like when you get pulled over for speeding ?
Tall enough to kick your ***
Go yo yahoo.com/movie downloads maybe you will find one
If you actually know who Yanni is then I feel very sorry for you
But , I think hoopz looked way better than her .
I dunno ... bad day by daniel powter ... not sure
They made around 4 albums and then broke up .
I used to love that show
He was born on leap year
LOVE it ! What do you want to'do today Napolean ? Whatever feel like doin ' , GOSH !
He would do the same no matter what faith kyle was .
I like one song ... do n't funk with my heart
Once in a lifetime by michael bolton
Yeah only thier feelings or thier pride
That 's without any zeros or any repeated numbers ... got it ?
# 6 because I have n't read it yet .
Funny but I 've heard it before
Mexican Radio by Wall of Voodoo
Rock music just makes me feel good .
Romancing the stone is a movie
Me I like the song crash .
Let me get back to you on that .
And every time you spell billie joe wrong a puppy is killed jk
Wel , I tried to give her rohypnol ...
Probably because they do n't have yellow skin .
You know , I will tell you .
Chicken Little and its about darn time !
No but I like watching the ads when they are all so nasty .
Then the other muffin said , Ah !
- You really expect him to come back ?
Here is mine : NOBODY EXPECTS THE SPANISH INQUISITION !
You know there 's going to be one !
Yup , even had a small part in one once ... fun stuff .
Stand strong and let it go .
Many children will miss it if it will be banned ... : - (
First my sister got me into that show , and I been watching it ever since .
Well duh , all your questions are about Carrie !
J/k Keep the fun going Boothster , great job !
Hey call me up n I will teach you my phone no .
Are kasey kahne and kristy labonte still dating ?
To me , jamie foxx aint all that sexy .
I 'll give you 20 cookies . h ok. now the girl says rub .
I hope Chris wins ... but knowing American Idol voters some cow paddy backwoods girl will win again .
Anything that 's smooth that get me relax
American dragon but only if he was older !
Ever tryed listening to some Guns n ' Roses ? ...
( the make movies about him ) He still has songs coming out !
Simba off the lion king , he 's evil you know ...
He has a wicked sweet accent .
I guess it 's probably Mariah Carey and yeah I like her songs
Also one I would recomend is - tagworld .
Duz anywon no were a skool iz so I kan lern hw 2 speec inglesh !
Santa Claus , because he lives forever !
Whatever gets yer toes to tappin ' .
The most important thing is LOTS AND LOTS OF REST !
The other answered , I thought YOU were watching !
These terrified and helpless animals are skinned alive !
Both are good but really liked the original Star Wars movies
And if she ever did , she got rid of real quick with quick money !
I like her whole blue-eyed soul style but not her
Not to mention it 's a lot more fun going to the beach and getting a tan .
HE 'll help you ! OR KILL you'are self you wiil meet the devil for ever !
You could tell them your engaged !
The shows been running 4 ever .
# 9 A House Is Not A Home_ Luther Vandros .
Although Sabbath is much better on a camping trip with a big bonfire and lots of beer !
I litteraly cried when I heard that he and jen broke up ... I rarley cry !
That has 2 b the worst hiding spot ever .
If so , she is hotter as a blonde
So , Johnny is going to his grampa 's house .
Well ... find something for me to doo !
Funny ! even though he 's a bit wierd
I like Fort Minor songs , which are : Believe Me Remember The Name Petrified Where 'd You Go
They are so intreging , beautiful , and mysterious !
Two blondes walk into a bar ... you think one of em wouldve seen it !
I think it might be I want to be free by the ohio players , late 70 's are & b group .
Again , the blond says , I 'm beautiful , I 'm blond , and I 'm riding in first class !
Teen Witch , an 80 's movie .
I do n't love her but I do n't hate her either .
I just called to say I love you ...
You 'll certainly find out fast now !
-102 & the story goes on : D
I like rock because it makes me happy .
But I think its just baby fat from the first kid
Want to hear another dirty joke ?
Could n't believe my mom actually allowed it ! ) .
Because time goes fast when your having fun .
I said Doctor , I have a large ugly lump on the end of my penis .
Spaceballs Why did n't someone tell me my ass was so big ?
I 'm a good singer and I want to know where n how should I start .
Hell even the are & b from the 60 's and 70 's is better .
Ask you'are mummy or daddy to do it
Her songs are better now than her first cd .
Face/off - this is the best action movie I 've ever seen in my entire life .
She 's nothing but a spoiled little brat .
I 'd like Tom to become the boss !
Do whatever it takes and just do n't give up .
Cartel de santa you can find some information there
I use to ... but not anymore .
Does anybody will know what I am thinking off ?
There 's nothing wrong with him , he is just opinionated , and he keeps it real .
I 'm thinking of Drawn Together , Dirty Sanchez , Viva La Bam , and Punk 'd to name but a few !
Last I heard he got busted for selling paraphernalia on the web
It would be cool because he 's strong , quick , funny and he 's got like 600 diffrent types of arrows !
Ace wasnt at his best tonight ... but he is good
But let me tell you my fave now .
Emmy has only one daughter , but maybe more are coming now that he has remarried kim
He has quite a few on stage too ...
Well he 's a dad now , too .
Same thing diffrent day she 's still a crackhead and her husband is still beating the crap out of her
One of the songs of Motorhead , can you help me ?
Well , depends if you consider rap songs .
And you will get lot many sources .
Sound ca n't travel in a vacuum , so 0 f/s ...
I 've never really watched either one but have seen enough to say south park
Stephy is my best freind and mike is my second best freind .
Pointsreaper is lame he can not sue Yahoo for him cheating , what a cry baby
Texas chainsaw ~ the remake ... was viscous ugly ... and The Exorcist ... still freeks me
Good luck and do n't forget about me when you 're famous !
Punk rock music ( live shows are the best ) are how I forget everything bad and just be happy .
I heard there 's going to be a mini series on TV that takes place between episodes 3 and 4
What is the difference between a light bulb and a pregnant woman ?
Be nice and honest and listen to there troubles .
The one Tom Cruise had a problem with ?
The guy 's albums are off the chain !
I 'm a girl so eh ... neither .
Yea , you have more advantages with some things , if ya know what I mean .
I just think it would have been ULTRA COOL to be a BRADY !
Tell me the web pliz ... I try a lot website but still did n't got it ...
And if it is why are they aloud to play this stuff on the radio and on tv ?
I need to know how to get to the real show biz web site !
Pretty much all of the above !
I say again , you divert YOUR course .
My 85 year old got drunk and sped off the road but he was fine
Yay - I love the way she talks and her car is so cute !
There must be a guardian angel that protected the baby
Hey , you know the Beck song Deadweight ?
Well atleast the voters got wise and booted KEVIN COVAIS out
Queen of the Damned sucked big time though .
Hek yes screw getting fired that would be the shizit
They have n't done me any bad !
But he 's not too old for me !
5 : What gets wet when drying ?
They ask her : 'any last requests ?
There 's an ice cream shop just down the street if you like the machanic tell him .
The OC thing was totally off track !
Cartoon Network needs to show Futurama earlier !
Made it and I like most of his animated movies .
Dissolve the sugar and drain off the sack
Dream Theater covered Hey You and Velvet Revolver ( poorly ) redid Money .
Ed Masry : the*n right it is .
If you slip ... I will catch you in my curls ...
I met Brian May from Queen on two occassions and he was a nice bloke ...
Part of the lyrics say something like I 'm 22 for a moment ...
I know you generally make demo tapes and send them off , but financially , it 's just not possible .
Try willie hutch lyrics in google .
April Fools is tomorrow ... = )
It all depends on what type you like .
If there 's a woman celebrity out there , then .
You ca n't spell , AND you 're on the wrong website for this .
One popped up when I went to Myspace and now I ca n't find it again .
But that 's just my opinion , and thanks for your answer on my qiestion .
Hopefully the 17 yr old girl .
Malcolm , I think you mean Black 47 .
He does n't care about all the other shiz .
And we could n't believe it , we nearly died laughing .
Guys do n't care if parties have names or not .
If you ca n't then you buy me one .
Yeah , she 's ugly , but she sure can cook , baby !
What are you trying to ask
Because people usually be out on a saturday night
Depends on what movie I see ...
On both sides of it !
Because kids have n't seen any films like we have with killer clowns and stephen kings ... it ...
There celebrity nickname would have to be Foxxhack .
Is that what are kelly meant to happen ?
Like the one off jungle book when they put Cah in a trance ?
I love the lord of the rings
But they do n't look alike enough .
I like Gangs Of New York .
It is her freakin ' magazine she can do whatever she wants !
Let me get in on this -- Opera Ghost ?
Its pretty nice ... They have more gear as well ... ; - )
I do n't think so but they sure could be ...
! I beleive in your taste . so can we meet/ : )
Real artists do n't worry about it .
We have HUGE malls out here .
Kurt Potter : Wha ... how did you do this ?
How much time do you have ?
How hard is it to be a Hooter 's girl ?
I want to have 10 , 000 babies with alec .
She should go back to McSteamy .
girl why went boys & sgirls meet sum body they have sex with them the same night
Two kinds of ppl , 1st ppl have bodies as birds and dreams as mules , 2nd .
Oh my goodness , well , I 've been in the same boat .
And if it is why are they aloud to play this stuff on the radio and on tv ?
I would hate to mess up with a bad dude .
Classic rock because music meant something back then
I mean , how many times can you be denied marriage ?
you shuld become friends with them .
I thought the whole thing was pretty darn good !
So start saving ( money and time ) from now .
Just last night I was watching The Closer on TNT
All the Star Wars Movies and All the Harry Potter Movies !
Sue : No , he fell off the bottom rung !
I do n't think you can ... sorry
Women definetly are encourage to comment !
How about like : How stupid do you think we are ?
Anything with names of beer or liqour in it
Tim Allen in The Shaggy Dog
I 've been trying to find out the name of a song , and who sings it .
Flea from the Red Hot Chili Peppers
Have some one give you head
I love it ... after all eveybody loves Raymond !
Give me some names to try & test it .
what they will learn how to shave for example !
Sin city - the art work in this movie was incredible .
THE ONLY ONE I KNOW OF IS HOOPZ ... WHICH IS mydarlingnikki.com
You ca n't even put the beach boys in the same category
Thumper ( rabbit ) and flower ( skunk ) are my favorite
But make sure you can still deal adequate damage
'Your mom ' is not an answer ! )
Hm ok. there in the room now and the girl goes take off your clothes .
OMG , yes they cancelled it and I am so bummed !
Do you think it really matters ?
Yeah we can tell , just look at your cartoon avator !
You have to call that number !
She and Mariah Scarey and Britney Spitz and Jessica Simpsoon should RETIRE !
Beatles and rolling stones are both great .
I just enjoy smelling the true natural woman that 's what turns me on
Yeh , sarcasm is *really* the *lowest* form of humor ... -rolls eyes- ... Get it ?
Yay even my kids love to watch her .
It is a very very good movie
I hate to see you leave , but I love to watch you go John Travolta , Face Off
Do n't care if it 's none of my business ... I make it my business !
No matter how old you are or what you listen to , the Beatles are still cool .
Why did the little girl smack the boy ?
Ya , I do n't care for it much !
I am so glad I was wrong !
FIGHT CLUB , buy it , rent it , watch it , then read the book
I will listen to just about anything but here lately I 've been listening to a lot of country
I think stuff like that is pathetic .
The last star wars was good , but not 1 tat you would want to buy !
He never saw it coming and stills talks about how mad he was !
For some reason I love Taylor !
Depends on the mood I guess .
I didn'are think it was good .
Give me a Playboy and some beer .
The bat wings give me ideas though .
You know , I wondered that myself .
Anything reality , but I really like the new surreal life 4 or 5 ?
He looks like he is late 20 's early 30 's !
DMX and Method Man are in it ,
And Bow Wow because they are young , talented and FINE !
He 's way COOLER and has EXTREME MENTAL POWERS !
The intro to Grace by Jeff Buckley - it is SO GOOD !
Probably Eva Longoria , but I like that woman in CSI Miami , Sofia Milos
Now were we suppose to laugh ...
But some people do that too !
Of course , she 's older than I am : )
Tupac and here why- he has the highest amoount of albums sold .
They have their own personal type of style !
It was so funny I was afraid I was gon na burst a blood vessel in my brain or something .
So is tina tuner janis joplin stevie nicks need I say more ...
The guy in back again yells ,  Take it off !
How I wish I , wish I 'd done a little bit more ...
I just saw one with a tiger vs. gator ... awesome
Anyone can take a life but to save a life is true power
Acdc hands down ... they have been around longer and are still together .
I do n't have enough of both
I love Pearl Jam , but I have to go with Metallica ...
Or better yet , diss their rap/emo/country or whatever crap they listen to .
You could be a founder of a student based anime club !
I did they were good , I liked their song he loves you not .
Well green day blow 's em away but mcr is pretty good .
Besides , what 's wrong with bald anyway ?
My milkshake ... is better than yours , better than yours ... p. s .
And the Beatles rock out loud man , do n't worry I 'm a teen too and I like them .
Sorry I could n't hold it that long .
I stood in line for my best friend for an hour just to get her autograph .
I ca n't miss an episode , I ' v seen every episode over a dozen of times , and I tape it too !
I do n't like her I 've heard much much better .
Sex is when a man and woman get together and get verry intiment .
The ones I like : Seinfeld roseann ED ( the lawyer dude ) REBA Family guy .
That would make me incredibly guilty and sad : (
And for everyone 's information it was NOT geeky !
If that 's true that is awful ... this world today so many freaks !
Just tell me the dammn answer no f. uckin ' around !
You can get a System of a Down E-card ... if he likes rock and politics ...
The others I never listed to .
There are a LOT of songs that do that to me !
Simon has his good moments and others I want to kick him in the face
I thought they were still good .
Ince I did n't go to my prom , I do n't know what was played .
I think he was definitely cheating on her !
You came in second so you get silver .
All they really sing about is getting laid and doing drugs .
Or did the trial drag on and on ?
I wonder where people go after her concert - EENT specialists perhaps !
Of course not , I suppose he was gay too ...
Some artists like 50 cents , jay z , kanya west , p diddy .
Otherwise it looks pretty much like you will have to pay full price
Alas , they DID IT and with Steve martin - just gives me the creeps !
Aparently good enuogh 2 go on tour with the greatest band ever !
Unless they want to drag out the end for four hours then I wouldent mind so much
For me , I like listening to Toby Keith and Tim McGraw ...
Well he did kiss one lil girl on set ... I would not say he was a molester
I am a felame so I ll take my baby and john cena
Love that storyline But geez , what 's up with that doctor dating George - she looks like a wrestler !
Looking for album with cover of easy by lionel richie
I 'm sorry , I ca n't find this band anywhere !
Hoop hoop but I am a Capricorn dude
Clean it with soft cloth/tissue and rubbing alcohol
I like that movie ... I liked Brad Pitt in that movie I even have the soundtrack to it
A daughter and a niece that he has custody of 4 some reason
Check out this link ... lots of places & prices !
Stand up and face the music
I think his song you 're beautiful is really good .
She asked , what about the smell ?
The songs name is Just the Girl .
I forgot which website I went too , but if ya want more miles I have tons !
He might be , ya never know ?
Wats the best way to keep a sardar busy ?
I never thought I 'd meet another Moby fan in my life ... and now I have !
It is one hell of a trippy flick .
I love to laugh and stupid things make me giggle .
And he points to his leg .
Cause a pen can shoot a bullet
Is the song named after anyone ?
She should be banned from the music industry !
That is the only one I can think of ...
I do n't have a brunette joke but I have a different one . k there was a guy on the street .
Its because its a catchy song !
No I thought that show was horrible .
It would have to be Tyrese !
Because he knows you are watching him ...
I am a vocalist , not an orchestra director !
Metallica kicks ... well you know ( do n't want to get sensored ) , but Pearl Jam wins this one for me .
Askmike should get the 10 points !
I think its a great show .
And check out wikipedias site about SS .
See if it makes you crazy !
Similar to the devil , if the devil has her own magazine and slacks
Guns and roses all the way
Actually I am from India so I like Indian Idol
Rap & hip hop is the S*** !
Almost always ; seriously ... but sometimes for fun ...
Sine I was 16 Toad the Wet Sprocket , now at 29 TRAPT !
Panties its the worst word ever ... I 'll say knickers , bottoms , undies but not ... PANTIES !
The MEN IN WHITE COATS are coming for you !
So the third girl goes 'have you ever been f ucked ? '
Is that really a part of the baby 's name ?
I love the Ramones , at least they admited they could n't play .
Chris or paris are my choices
They ask her : 'any last requests ?
AC/DC , Axle Rose is a pu $ $ ie !
I could give a lot of different information on myspace.com
Try youtube.com and search for tom felton singing
But hopefully you have n't heard of these yet .
you do n't have as much as you want of them
Ok heres a funny joke , Q. what 's my name ?
She wants to rent a porn movie .
I like Star Wars but my boyfriend is addicted to it .
Or go for a walk and people watch !
I 'm still into a old skool hip hop and rap .
Ask your frainds and get a copal of boys to go with you .
Wish I knew , my lame as* system administrator denied the access !
I enjoy all if someone plys it ...
Its gon na be off the hook
Who the hell cares , he was boring 7 years ago .
I ca n't believe you would do that to me .
Seriously , do you think she did it or was he just depressed ?
I do n't actually think they sing any love song stuff ... GREAT band tho '
Depends on what kinds of clothes you like .
Why does a dumb cat fall when walking ?
There are other fish in the sea
AT LASt- That is such a sweet song
This is a strange Q & A , but I still do n't know what you are talking about .
They would n't be tanned if he had a beard !
# 2 because I got bored reading it .
Oh I think Ace is pretty but that 's a good thing .
Kellie and Ayla are so gon na win !
< -- -guitar , violin , base cello , auto harp ... have n't played in years though = )
Sometimes its fun to listen to
He killed himself , and now he 's the greatest role model for me , even though I 'm a girl .
And rou-ound and rou-ound and round it goes .
I hate this band very much
A technical favorite [ if you 've seen the movie ! ]
Oh hell I just love Star Wars !
I am the grand poobah of everything I do .
I love watching the reruns on VH-1 .
It 's a piece of crap and it does n't work !
New york is disgusting and I bet she just reeks of cigarettes !
I think LISA is totally gorgeous !
You know what I 'm talking about .
Watching it nearly killed my dad he laughed so hard !
Said the blonde , There 's f***ing hundreds of them !
Lol . I am from india and its morning 10-45
Has anybody ever heard of the group S. O . A. P there were two sisters who sang it , they 're european .
There is no skill to rapping at all
Cause they are in disguise , and you know they really arent funny .
Although to be fair you can beat some golden oldies .
Usher ! chris brown copies usher and 50 cent does n't even dance
Murder.com , nobody in my theater liked it
You should pick a list of bands and then ask your classmates questions about them
He is about 83 yrs old
I know but it has already been said
But it might be interesting to watch sometime ... lol
And you did not spell his name right it 's Keanu
Because he waltzes his way around any real answers , and he 's a complete douche on top of that
Is 2758574 , but add india 's code number in he front
I 'll swallow anything you want me to swallow ... I 'll even chew on a dog .
For the articles of course !
Wayne brady is my favorite and I like when they all make up a song
Do n't like to see people getting killed ?
Anything pepper or sublime or reggae or ska or no doubt DEFFINATELY NOT EMO !
Well , your avatar kinda looks like her , but she is a little chubbier , is n't she ?
Guy gosh what a total ruin blaster that guy !
But you *have* heard of me -Cpt Jack Sparrow - Pirates of the Carribbean 1 Also ...
She is a stupid idiotic jerk who ca n't sing !
I say sabbath , let 's see what you think .
Man , you got to be joking !
Q : Did you hear the joke about the ghost ?
I ca n't remember , maybe robotech or transformers
If you do I 'm gon na look for you down and give Lucifer your soul .
Well go kill about 10-20 people who you do n't know and then kill yourself .
) , Janet Jackson , Queen Latifah , Eva Longoria , or Amerie ?
TV & Radio stations tend to play out songs .
That 's because she has n't lied to me , or tried to mess wit my man .
Yeah , I used to listen to them all the time like 5 years ago .
If she said that she was from the block den she was .
But it looked like chicken scratch so I threw it away .
And you would want to meet the devil not unless your life sucks .
YES YES YES that would be great !
So they do n't get lost from the herd !
They released like , one album and I have n't heard anything since
It 's like someone getting hurt at the circus .
Great Joke bro I ` ve never heard it befor thatnxs for the laugh
Ja , that sounds purty good , said the Norwegian .
Ok. a brunnete , a redhead , and a blonde are on a plane .
There fore he would have been the 13th ghost .
I still grin when I hear them though .
I like them enough to listen to there music a lot .
I cul watch the trilogy in one sitting . Well beleve me I CAN .
I love him , he is so funny !
I like Runaway by Del Shannon , or 96 Tears
Phone booth - Butterfly Effect - The Ring I just like movies with a wierd kinda idea !
Who the f*ck do you think you are ?
Probably , I cried but I 'm a wuss .
Thanx 4 2 I see they all answered
Gah and some of the ones above me are really good too !
My Grandads name was George Lucas : )
Try to be open to things you usally do n't think are funny .
I ca n't seem to find any info on it despite doing a Yahoo search ... or on IMDB.com !
Get your a down to the crossroads .
Bugs bunny is hotter than those 2 so is maggie simpson
The older one is so much better !
Played on the radio - Greenday .
Keep the intrest of any cat
I agree with fluor Check it out pal !
And he 's like 'no ' so she hugs him .
Ernest Borgnine - He still looks so great !
Go to createblogs.com and it allows you to copy the code for music videos
HAL 9000 Technically not a robot with he controls a ship dang it !
Freebird or Tuesdays Gone by Lynyrd Skynyrd ... it outta be everybodys fav .
This was a late-70 's & 80 's thing that I enjoyed ( then ) .
The man looked horrified and said , You ca n't be serious !
Now I feel much better , thanks .
But actually , I do n't really like country too much .
I love patch adams ... can watch it all the time ... like pretty woman , the matrix among others
Because most of them are retarded .
But so sick is soo much better !
Answer : Do n't try to butter me up !
I stabbed a guy in the heart !
It 's no question actually , just say something anything specially stupid thing
Do n't ask us if you want something sugar coated .
Like a warning for me that some thing was going to upset me I would freak out
# 1 because it was first 3 .
Personally , I feel its a cool way for de-stressing and relaxing ... !
I was just needing some good swing-big band music Thanks
your mommas so stupid , she tried to put M & M 's in alphabetical order !
Maybe her trashiness was just an act !
Does anybody know whatever happened to them ?
But I like all kinds of music like I said .
Theyve even made music in almost every genre , and still rule .
I do n't even kno him and I do n't really care NOT TO BE MEAN THO
I think he is to cocky and that annoys me
So when you get your high , you 'll head out to the beach ! )
That 's a crappy question to ask
I used to be a Hooter Girl and believe me the cowboy cheerleaders uniform is definitely hotter .
Why have n't you learnt primary school math ?
Also he would probably just keep it on the low for now .
Red Sonja ( the comic , not the movie ) .
I do n't know I do n't really watch that show that much
South Park is funny but The Simpsons is hilarious !
Just wear something comfortable and sexy
I do n't think it is cause I have n't seen it anywhere
No one reconises him any more !
And did the uncle wanted his nephew to sacrificed himself ?  ?  ? ...
Yes I have met a famous person .
No he is straight he has a wife
I have to say , Led Zep ... from the first time I heard them I was just floored ...
They could n't find anyone they could pay to smell a mouse : ) )
90 bottles of beer on the wall ... 90 bottles of beer ...
Mine would have to be John Mayer he is good plus has that cute boy charm
The blonde turned around again ... Yup ... nope ... yup ... nope ... yup ... nope ... yup ... : o )
I LVE Armani Black Code , too !
I do n't know but I hope not , I 'd KILL myself if he did I would get so pissed off
Barnacle head is just a name calling word like stupid head .
I watch only a few but they all turned out to be good
My faves are - Yes , Fates Warning , Dream Theater , Vanden Plas , Pain of Salvation , Depp Purple , Kansas
what 's the difference between a rooster and a prostitute ?
Look out world , these guys could be massive !
It has been remade to many times
The guy who plays Dracula is so hot !
he 's a very down to earth person ... and very cool !
I think Sting is getting better with age too
Orlando Bloom , Jude Law and Ben affleck oh and Shemar moore
- With a 5 note in his pocket ?
Except these said A Walk To Remember on them .
I 'm sure he 's in the phone book < : ) <
The one and only Ashwarya Rai
I do n't like her nose for some reason .
Lately I 've been playing Guns N Roses and Journey songs .
Dispatcher : Ok sir , just calm down .
Where would I go to order this CD ?
Hey that 's my guilty pleasure your ripping on !
They also have good music on the show .
: ) Yeah I always feel weird when I 'm caught in the middle like that .
Do n't knw but I guess thts y they made money green n now smoke'em both
It was good enough for me to ask others what they think , so ... What 'd you think of it ?
Maybe he does it so people like me keep watching to see what he says new ?
I loved scenes from a hat I thought they were ALL funny !
Yes it is 3 words latin pray for us
Cancer is a lot of different things .
The charcters are fun to love , hate , pick on , drool over .
Well I do n't know but I do want you to give my soul to lucifer man !
Like the dude up there , IMDB.com is the place I go .
Ya they are just really good friends ... ( I hope )
Bucky should , but probably somebody good will
2 ) I 'd force her to eat a cheeseburger .
Man , this guy deserves to be in lots of movies .
If I turn it up full volume a passing ship will definitely hear it
Be happy and proud in it ... ; )
Because we are born to shop !
He makes up all his stuff himself .
I want to be on Wheel of Fortune !
Hands down sahid , oh that man is soo sexy .
I need to go to bed , I 'm losing it !
I always just ate it cause I liked it .
I want to go to the Concord Mall !
Regarding rape I hope they do n't .
I do n't know why that 's just what I like
The movie where he was quarterback for Jets , etc .
Apparently 1 set of the twins !
Ipods are crap , buy a zen micro instead .
I 'm A WILd n ' OuT fAn
And old joke I heard as a kid .
I would like to rule the World to make it a better place for you and me ... LOL
When I was younger I use to ice skate and lots of biking loved both
The first blonde says , I want to be smart .
I mean , How hot is McDreamy ?
No billie joe is my husband !
I 'm sorry officer , but I 'm not fishing , I 'm reading .
They have n't done a movie together till now
My mom telling me to clean my room ...
Yup , I have 2 best freinds , about 4 freinds and a whole lot of associates .
Muligatani I only remember because it funto say MULLA-GA-TANEE !
I answer both for fun and for sincere answers
That movie is graet you have no taste
Well ... I think Alicia Keys is rockin the RnB scene
I do n't remember whether it was Dylan or P , P & M .
I liked Brad and Jen together !
How do ya make an ugly baby ?
Lol if your thinking of that missy elliot song I 'd like to hear it myself as well : P
So she goes I 'll give you 10 cookies .
But , I did n't see her there at all .
It is a great magazine , it has good info without the inappropriate stuff : )
Its the American way ... you people are so lazy .
The girl goes get in the bed . he said my mama says not to and I do n't want to .
He will have his 1st , 2nd ... bdays after a gap of 4 years .
It tells me I 've spent way too much time on the site and I go do something else : )
Do you know what album it was on ?
I actually liked the first couple of seasons though , some new music is ok .
I think laces is the answer
The woman looks up and says , You old fool !
The kind with waves and water
I will go to your house and download it for you .
She is nothing but nasty , rich , trash !
You are the father of twins !
A : She opens the car door
There are 3 : Young Frankenstein Raising Arizona Love and Death
Toy Story , To Infinity and Beyond !
I like some of her songs but not her attitude !
Get a life , or a hobby .
Men are obsessed because , you rarely see girls like that
Big brother , live '74 - David Bouwie
Absolutely ... for me the best is CSI : Las Vegas !
( I once had to ship something there )
Sorry . but that 's just mean of your friend .
that 's weird I was thinking the same thing the other day
2 men walk into a bar ... the 3rd one ducks .
I do he is so cute and I like his RAP SONGS
I think hillary looks like she has an alien shaped head and lindsay looks really rough .
I do n't mind Satanists ... they 're just like Christians .
Yes but give me some actors that might be in the movie ...
Shaggy of scooby doo because he 's totally cool for me or maybe spiderman
And people still talk about him and his work like the man is not dead !
Ooh man , they are the hottest people I have ever seen .
Release your closet demons starting with the one that bothers you the most
Me Tarzan , you Jane from Tarzan .
So , did uss lincoln get the lighthouse to move ?
Please do n't put your thoughts in ...
He has a few good songs , but NAH !
Lol , no hun I guess you do n't .
It is OK it is not the SCARIEST movie eva !
No because raven said that she was not going out with him on TV nor is she pregant
No I just did n't think they were that funny .
Naked ones if you are a girl .
Fav band spoken fav singer I do n't have one fav actress kate hudson
World would suck if we all listened to the same stuff .
# 3 but the movie was ugly .
Limewire , bearshare , imesh and the best BITTORENT
No film sucked and lost a lot of $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $
Something like , Did Jesus ever have sex ?
If he did want to use .
Ca n't choose they 're both very good
If you practice a little bit you could open a beer bottle with any belt buckle .
But I do n't think they are .
Once you pass it it 's hard to get again
Racialism and any words to do with it !
Well , let 's give it a try anyway . ]
Everyone around me says , 'You 're a genius !
I 'm back in black and it 's AC/DC- No question !
1st part is ok but parts 2 & 3 are hopeless
They come from their mothers and fathers
Radio ( I think it 's true if not it 's still good . )
So he got up and went to the kitchen .
I believe it is a mid 90 's movie maybe '95 or '96
I 've seen a lot but I 'll only name some : Underoath , The Bled , I Am Ghost , Panic !
It really sucks cause this is so fun .
I just watched the entire movie and I do n't know who actually did it .
Yes I love it very good movie
I 'm going to get it tuned before I sale it .
****please let me be best answer *****
Just subtract his legs , singing voice , and BAM !
I 'm pretty shure she is she just did it to save her marige
My three preteen girls LOVE her !
Gasolina-Daddy Yankee ( its Reaggeton ) I 'll dance all night I love that song !
Try Google Video its free and fun .
I do n't really like her music now .
He is a cool guy , I mean since he got out from Black Sabbath I really like him .
As I said there 's soo many good ones out there !
Definitely Green Day they sold over 1 million albums already !
Brad Pitt because all the girls like him and he is with Angelina Jolie , damn she is fine
That how they push the character in both the book and tv .
Hip hope n are & b some rock
I 'm listening to Boston right now ( Peace of Mind ) : )
I ca n't believe everyone is talking crap about this question ?
So , I do n't believe in true friends anymore .
They look the same , so whoever is on at the time
In our place grasses are either blue or purple ... get your specs on kid ...
I want I guy to win elliot or the old looking dude
Gets them all excited and loud , but in a good , happy way
I think that it is kinda stupid .
The do n't want to be married anymore .
Told me that they planted a prank on me ... but in the end ... they did n't ... got me paranoid
I hope they reform soon and put out another album !
I 've only heard the hand that feeds , but it was awesome .
It depends on if someone messes up , so you ca n't really tell ...
Black Eyed Peas My Hump or Pump It or anything by this group !
Man that would be so awsome !
Hard Rock/Heavy Metal ... I like music that gets my blood pumping !
Really though any and all rappers .
Oh that 's an easy one ... who cares !
Do n't have one now , but it used to be a Goldie Hawn movie called Protocal .
If Superman were n't Superman , and he was just Ok man , would it be the same ?
Kevin Covias or should I say Chicken Little or the sex simbill
I love volly ball like ghettoliciousshonda !
He could be really gross but his smell would drive me insane .
The animal house soundtrack is always a winner !
By S club 7 , Never had a dream come true
Learn how to ask a stupid question !
I 'm planning to buy the cd when it gets out .
Hero It is about Kurt Kobain !
Right along with the rest of the characters .
He does a radio show on virgin ( I think ) radio .
Hope you do n't mind , but I 've earned some bragging rights here !
He definitely kicked some SERIOUS a $ $ .
Music with good beat and flow .
You do n't even know me , get the f*ck away from me you rude a $ $ motherf*cker !
Hell no I would have hooked up with her
I 'll pick one of my favorite country ones ...
So go to the beach or lake and go splash around ... you never know , it just might be fun .
I started to learn to write about 3-4years old
I 'm a Scorpio & my partner is a Leo & we get on great
I almost cried it was so bad
I like his music very very much !
Movie star , I think I could do it
I 'm so glad it won best picture .
Actually I wanted New York to win .
He didnt shave his beard ... so this would mean that he was lying
He 's the poster geriatric dude to advertise : DO NOT DRINK , DO DRUGS , OR PRO-CREATE !
These are counted as 1 ... 2 ... 3 , 1 ... 2 ... 3 and so on .
So what 's there not to like ?
Well , it gives a nice feeling to choose and buy things .
I do n't care for myself ... just my little sisters , you know ?
she 's a walking sack of silicone at the age of 60 ...
Anything you can play with your hands : banjo , mandolin , tambourine , congas , maracas , the triangle ... etc .
Daniel Powter you had a bad day
Who knows there are rumors flying everywhere
In other words , ... the kind of music YOU like !
George lucas said he would n't do anymore , but someone else was welcome to do so ... let 's hope not .
The principal laughed and said ... APRIL FOOLS !
Ignoring your terrible typo ... and even then the question is ridiculous ... are you serious ?
If you can name the song GREAT
I do n't know but if there are any let me know lol
I say bring back Baywatch & Knightrider
Super Size Me ... You 'll think twice at eating at any fast food place again !
I play the trumpet , I 've got 1st chair out of 10 people
Ok that 's supposed to be with muffins , but it 's stupid either way .
Look at your face in the mirror ************lol****
Or they both have the letters m and e in them which spells me !
Tell them your gay , bring a guy over and go to town ...
No but I can say I am related to russell crowe ( do n't know if that 's a good thing )
Its been years since I have been to the mall
Leave an email so we can chat .
He wanted to play a round of golf
I met the guy who played Bear Bryant in Forrest Gump
This mall takes up 7 blocks .
Sugar We 're Going Down by Fall Out Boy
I watched some guy Masterbate on a webcam ...
Ah , I forgot how they talked , A .
How would you want it .
( everyone seems to have forgotten that you are an addict .
Ginger ... she has red hair , if she stays quiet , we will get along great
Can you hear them coming up your driveway !
She gets the movie and takes it home .
( lol , he was n't that bad but you get my drift . )
Americans : THIS IS THE AIRCRAFT CARRIER USS LINCOLN , THE SECOND LARGEST SHIP IN THE UNITED STATES ' ATLANTIC FLEET .
I love both so that 's a hard one for me ... but I think it 's werewolf !
I do n't particularly like her , but what the heck she 's not that stupid .
Family guy is the bomb anyway , the monkey just drive it home !
Oh , and do n't trust anything at supershadow.com .
because the parrots eat them all
I 'm just glad Brenna got the boot .
I hate her mostly because she wears innocent animals that have been skinned alive .
I dunno but I got the movie I LOVE THAT SHOW
Who cares I hate that annoying bitch she ca n't sing she ca n't act what does she do exactly ?
I think it will be a girl- I pick Kellie or Paris !
Personally I think neither because I want Brad for myself !
Yes , I love all MTV shows ...
Those are the ones that I can think of right now .
I seriously like I do n't want to miss a thing by Aerosmith .
If you like emo music you can download saying sorry by hawthorne heights !
It is scorpio and libra ... ( it 's from a newspaper )
Reggie Miller , Clyde Drexler , Charles Barkley , Michael Jordan ...
If you mean dylan from 90210 and cohen from oc then totally cohen .
I was in high school in the 80 's and yes the 80 's rocked !
I like Luke because , he never gave up .
I think it probally is american idol 's fault .
Thanks anyways oh but while your doing it , keep a total straight face .
I have it ) , and skip to the movement BEFORE the Can-Can ... talk about CHILLS .
It is definitely a must see !
Hells yeah cause there is still a crease in their forhead
Just like their music , not their popularity !
I love him so much we are kinda opposite but every bit alike , sometimes we think alike .
Gon na buy me a chainsaw ... that boring mealy mouthed wimp must die !
He 's playing you , do n't believe the hype .
JD from Scrubs ; we 're both dorks .
Some do , others stand out front and smack camera crews
My Fav movie is Pirates of the Carribean
But where one can do this another ca n't do that .
Looks like they are going to make it into television series .
I love eminem ... I think he 's sexy as hell !
And doz ant1 no what it 'll b called ( the last 1 here was Crazy )
NO , but she has a great A*S and that 's good enough for me .
I got this right ... Its opera ghost , is n't it !
I 've loved NIN since I heard pretty hate machine .
She owns it along with bill gates its a massive conspiricy
WE STOOD ... WE TALKED ( talked ... I was a teenager ) and I have amazing memories .
He wanted to be a second hand smoker .
I think it 's time to stop !
I doubt he 'd have so many t. v .
Yeah he lives in memphis with elvis and biggie .
So yeah there 's my rant : ) I ca n't wait till july !
U I think 2 because there is only two of them
Yoko ono is a japanese singer and john lennon 's widow .
I never saw my grandpa so red before .
Wut kind of entertainment is that you perve ?
In school right now - 2nd period .
The Goo Goo Dolls Bret Micheals Mike Tramp
Yeah he sure looks like meatloaf
Thanks , got it now : - ) ) Very , um , electric .
Favorite actress : Jamie Foxx and anglea bassett
I Love the Black Eyed Peas !
I really liked billion dollar babies and only woman bleed .
I do n't think so and I do n't thinkl that I do
I think cause her husband had left
I personaly think it is stupid ... I also hate Star Wars xD
I prefer Billie Joe though only because I 'm into green day more .
Ok , for those lovers of cult classics ... DR. FRAKENFUTTER VS. DR. STRANGELOVE why do you say that ...
What the hell kind of school do you go to !
No she ` s a country girl and she ` s not letting her fame get to her head
Looking for tickets to the monster truck show at the utica auditorium
Rap and hip hop is the bomb
That I 'm the love of their life !
I didnt see it but I heard it was really good
I no the film you mean and you got my brai racking now !
I also saw Al Pacino ; )
I like the monkey cause I love monkeys .
Or , just download untill it says full lol
That 's a half-hour of my life I 'll never get back !
Lol Because its the WAY you go to drive ?
Tell me how YOUNG minds could b affected by tht question ... !
They get married but that does n't mean she ca n't stay with her father also
Anything from evanescence to mozart but no country
Hehe ; D Why did hitler kill himself ?
I love those tall-ish dark and handsome guys !
You can always watch tomcats life it is kinda like watching drama
It 's always the good ol ' actors !
... and it 's prolly because they could n't spell Lincoln .
Someone who does n't believe in astrology .
Everyone hides and the brunette escapes .
Other then that I 'm a golden girl ... hahahaha
Go in a gravyard at night time ( past 7:00pm ) and look around .
Wats black white and jumps off a dock ?
I 'm a server for Bennagn 's and LOVED IT !
Steve perry , george jones , and loretta lynn
If you have to explain it that it is sad !
And I 'll guarantee you a long , healthy life !
Someone did hang themselves while they were doing the movie but they did not show it on film .
I have it its really good
The one with the credit card got me ...
If my Lisa goes I 'm going to cry !
I can not deny I like his songs ; >
No where near as good as the first one
Has no accent but also is a lot more techno .
I really like Ryan Reynolds and his humor so another reason too ... but ya it was great .
He 's that long haired moustache guy is n't he ?
Dude goes back in time to fall in love with a chick he saw a picture of .
2 pac never cared for his music but it 's ashame that he had to die .
I mean , it has to have a color , and I do n't think any other color would be as good .
Not to mention john travolta makes the best villain ever .
They made history TWICE in the SAME NIGHT !
Star Wars , Empire and Jedi all the way ... the rest of the movies you can throw in the trash
The second girl goes 'have you ever been kissed ? '
I want to be on deal or no deal !
Give me a break , what is it ?
Yeh I learnt to read off the bits at the start
... and what was it about ?
you come & go , you come & go .
Carrie Underwood - Do n't Forget to Remember Me
Definitely Paris Hillton , but she makes me anger , how is possible that so stupid person have so much fame ?
do n't know I 'm a cok ... seriously .
But if Bruce Banner gets ambushed , Juggernaut wins .
There were a few little girls that came through , probably around 4 or 5 years old .
Of course not but it does sell
because I couldnt find it takes a man and a woman anyway here you go ...
Was cool back in the day !
Gim me your tots is the best shirt
Say ta-ka-ta-ka to yourself then try it while blowing on the horn .
Hence , I do not want 10 points .
The brunnette makes it 2/3 of the way , gets tired and drowns .
Yep , right here in this question .
But I ca n't stand Brenna , so just because of that I hope she goes .
Maybe the person who plays Barney , but not the actually character ... got to love Barney ... lol
that 's a hard one but ACDC is is all that
I miss palmer and edgar and michelle ...
Remember how kate found the beard and stage glue ?
Mine was Audio Adrenaline ever heard of them , or should I ask , are they still around ?
The first one is n't even a video it 's a prank , and the second one is just stupid .
Exactly what willy_nilly said , I ca n't add anymore than that .
You 've got it , it 's the least I can do .
I love him in Boston Legal !
His song is cool ... he is cute one day , and then the next he 's not ... wierd hugh ?
Then find your song ... try it !
Are you asking if she 's good at what she does ?
Joining his son at the breakfast table he asked his son what happened last night what 's all this for ?
Before I walk away I 'll turn to tom and spit a prozac in his eye !
The girls have no meat on their bones .
Who cares just think of what it would look like .
By the way-how old are you ?
My man smells so darn good !
And what other movies has he played in , if any ?
It was gross adnd ugly ... stupid pro life people pro choice all the way !
Gerard 's not gay , dude ... but if he vas ville vallo would definitely be his boyfriend ... or billie joe from green day !
Jen is a good girl and angelina is the bad boy
I have one flute for you .
South Park ... Oh my God they killed Kenny !
OK , I did n't see the movie !
Then the boy ran 2 the girls side as she was about 2 die ...
I like a lot of bands .
There has to be one out out there but mean while maybe we can get to know each other
The one and only GLENN MILLER !
I do n't want to die without any scars .
Well is it it takes a woman by blackhawk ?
What about the whole Marlena/John ? Alex thing Oh , and Sammy and Carrie & the Guys
Lol , the big ben blew up ?
Um ... there 's so such things as zombies ... = & # 92 ;
Yea I like her a lot but I do n't think she is the best singer
( Oh , I could never stay mad at you . )
It was so not like TV .
You live at the north pole or you are screwed up !
Yes its the back door boys am I right
Just kidding - I assume it 's a band name .
If anyone has a copy , I 'll totally buy it .
My hair would look really bad if it was that short .
Sleeping with best friend 's significant other ?
But I love ALL THE EPISODES SOO MUCH !
Man I can not what I want new york to fight pumkins
Why ca n't christian face open question ?
You 'd get fired really doing that .
She 's definately a classic movie star .
So do what I do listen to and reminisce with good old music it do n't matter what style .
If your Polish I mean this in no offense !
Like Mockinbird , I love that song !
Check out Al Green 's stuff , he 's pretty good .
Johnny says Grampa , your dog is growling at me !
People do n't want to be ozzy .
Anyway , the cats probably like thm raw and live !
A girl I know insisted that I watch it with her .
When the Indians first started calling Europeans pale face , they had me in my mind !
Is just the kind of man any girl would like- of course , if he does n't kill you !
If so , who 's your favorite character ( s ) ?
You are dude d4mn with a people who does n't not know about sex
Not t too old I 'm only 21
Great films if you like to read subtitles !
U2 - The Joshua Tree ... a perfect album .
Plus , it won an Oscar this year !
I 'm a big 70 's music fan !
My wife would not miss it .
To do what ... change a lightbulb ?
Well , he came from outerspace so he still would be unusual .
Back in the day all the parents hated him .
But if I had to pick , I 'd say vampire .
In a amercas next top model me because I is in it
I hope she did not marry again knowing she had any !
Go visit the gates of hell and come back .
( The one where Rory moves in to her Yale dorm )
Santa was to fat , and the woman was driving .
Is n't that who it comes from ?
I love the show , I think it 's the best reality show on tv ... and simon is the man ...
She not even the hottest person playin tennis !
U yes I stutter like crazy I try to avoid leavin a message unless its necessary
They shouldnt of done it at all cus its gay
This inst a question , your a idiot , an you wasted 5 points
Their music has gotten me through some bad times .
Most of the time , I think it was the guy .
Lol I didnt think about it to you pointed it out !
What can we tell about you from the way you walk ?
She looks like Eartha Kit now ...
That would have to be Legend .
How do you know a blonde is having a bad day ?
Right now my favorite character is Zack Slater , he is HOT !
Chicks dig the car ... val kilmer batman
NO and I have tried more than once LOL
Turned out to be WAY too weird for me .
He ten noticed a note on the side of the bed it said .
Way too young for me but such a sweetheart .
The 60s music is coming back into fashion , do n't you think ?
In the link below to find out what was in it .
I 'm with yellow on this one ...
Her or that other tofuhead Pam Anderson
NO I never stopped believing that we would love again the way we used to do .
How do you drown a blonde ?
Hey man lay off the loaf !
What question have you seen most on this site ...
God , I love Dawn Of The Dead ...
Pop , hip hop and rap arent even fun to listen to , and country sounds too ... acoustic .
He 's fine because he just fell out of the 1st story window ...
Also , sad movies about history and suffering .
God I love that movie , But David Bowie turns me on more now than he did at that time
When you have an eye problem so you see 3 , not 2 ( :
Is there anything out there that I can do that with ?
Scrubs , but I missed it last night .
He would not need to deny it .
If Sawyer would just quit making those glaring looks !
Ah shucks I am a big wuss .
your mean why do that to people especially people that are nice .
1st of all what the hell is so wrong with helping orphans .
If he was so good he would be on prime time !
But me , I just like to bake .
Just do a search on yahoo ! .
Because asprin has cornered the market
Include what I need how I get it and how to set it up
He 'd be like Batman without money ?
If you have n't seen their video collection , you should go buy it now !
Tanks , again , Missus , he replies , brushing them off .
What are people going to think .
Hold on ... bong reload ... okay ... ah , much better ... what was I saying ...
What I 'm gona suggest is an indian remedy .
# 3 - Its time to move on to more recent music .
Then I ca n't give you a haircut , replies the hairdresser .
I did n't think anyone REALLY watched this movie ... LOL
Ok if you hate Hilary Duff , I 've got someone for you .
I just finished watching rent and its really touching .
But she could be bald and still look good , makes me sick !
I do n't really like either of them ... and they 're so different .
Lawn Dogs , the best black comedy I 've ever seen and I generally hate black comedies .
The result of being a young musician on the road I guess ... x
Dance , dance-fall out boy or any song from their albums
I 've got a crush on him , like , forever !
I do n't know about her personality but would bang her why not
are kelly was good before he decided to grow he 's hair and rape little girls .
Oh , My Prerogative O ... that is a horrible one .
I did n't see anything for free .
I did n't keep up after that .
This maybe an old song , I guess ...
Finally , one of them asked , What did she roll ?
I saw your wife the other day !
Houses of the holy- led zeppelin
If you do n't you are KRAZIEE They rok !
Amazon.com for like 15 bucks plus shipping and handling
Yahoo music , you pay like $ 10 a month for unlimited downloads
With out a Trace ... the steven movie being talked about Came later than the 80 's
But which album is it on ?
That refers to 'shakin the bootie '
Everyone kinda looked at me chuckling .
Give them to el pollo diablo .
Go to JibJab.com and check it out , there is some really funny stuff there !
Tell your parents your pregnant haha
I like all of them and I HATE YOU !
I do n't know but someone needed to .
Simpsons every day of the week !
# 5 because it was very interesting .
Now to answer your question who do I think stinks as a singer , ASHLEE SIMPSON .
Yeh , you need HELP real BAD !
Because they are too old to still be performing .
Go with what localgod208 he 's on target .
A junkie simply getting her little YA fix .
Yes its harry potter and the order of the phenox I do n't know how to spell it lol
I loved that show and then one saturday I turned it on and it was n't playing .
Still got ta love her though , what other celeb is that 'loud & proud ' about their screwed up lifestyle !
They used to play such great videos on that show : morphine , nine inch nails , wilco , pixies , etc .
Am I crazy or is this normal ?
If it was up to me he would get nothing but I am sure he is paid a lot
Jessica Alba , Did you see Fantastic Four , come on
How about ' shut your mouth cause your stupid ca n't remember which movie its from !
I used to play the flute ...
1 would work for me but both would be even better .
I feel the need , the need for speed - Top Gun
OMG ME I love fruits baskets I personally think that Kyo is the best !
RUN , do n't walk , to the video store .
I liked the movies too and there is a Shrek 3 coming up soon !
Wen they saw eachother again the boy said , I love you .
They think he is the next american idol
It might be available illegally now , but they usually sell a c. d .
Depends on what kind of nature , go to the jungle or the sea
It would have to be superman .
I 've been watchin it since season 1. so I was just wondering if anyone is a fan of it ...
When your math is in bad condition
There were things that overwhelmed me , he says .
A baby seal walks into a CLUB !
Lol now that 's a funny joke !
I loved it , it made me cry
Can anybody explain me : did the uncle was the 13th ghost ?  ? ... or was he still alive ?  ?  ? ...
Lock Stock and Two Smoking Barrels
Jay Z could rap circles around Bow Wow .
No it wouldnt be the same , cause his name wouldve changed
You ca n't trust those creeping guys in the shadows .
Maybe if you had a girlfriend or boyfirned
Go when you feel like being there , fly home when you do n't .
Couldnt stand when it was on primetime but ca n't stop watching now .
Taylor hicks will hopefully be voted out soon since he 's just riding his lame gray hair .
My friends said this and I couldnt beleive it , if it is please leave a source thanx !
He 'd of had the resolve to get it to move !
Ooh , I ca n't eat another bite ( munch munch , explode )
To relive the glory years , ah what joy !
I ca n't wait to see the reunion .
He only hates jewish people because kyle is a jew .
Yes but have stop eating out at resturants .
When you trying to burn songs check the time .
she 's a little odd though I du like skatr boy !
They just love having a lot of clothes !
C'mon its steve harris from iron maiden best bass player ever
That song breaking free or whatever its really amazing
I 'll give 10 points to the funniest idea ...
Please Help , I need a good place to download music ...
Till they run out of ideas
Guitar and bass used to play the piano
Rebuke them in the name of JESUS !
I love Ace ... I want him or Kelly to win .
Maybe you should start at A .
The new one has johnny depp
If you listened closly , I 'd al ready said it . good luck !
And then , later on : The Professional Singer 's Handbook by Gloria Rusch ( expensive but worth it !
She told him if she would be waiting if he ever felt like being friends again .
The Story of My Life by Neil Diamond
Fave singer=avant love his song 4 minutes
Wow ... that 's a real good one , h , imagination can be a good thing ... imagine that huh ... lol ... peace out ...
! or you can just say I am sorry but I 'm not pregnant that makes them feel bad too
Red it is my favorite so that has to be it
I am the most impatient person I just couldnt count them .
The 80 's rocked ! That generation had the best music ! If you love the 80 's music you rock too !
Um ya could do erosion if its science .
They look cuter together , and I like jen better .
Well pretty are many ... me go for jennifer garner ... she is a cuty yeh
I do n't see any nose at all .
But unfortunately evryone does it , sucks to be a musician and not get paid .
The word I do n't like to use is hate becuase it 's so harsh .
Undoubtedly ... and without question ... it is ... lucy in the sky with diamonds by william shatner !
I do n't like worms , they make me crazy .
You just gave me 2 points !
The Munsters did n't have a butler ... the Addams family had Lurch .
I think you mean downloading for free , and no its not .
Is that the movie with mandy moore ?
One type can count , and the other ca n't !
I ca n't remember what metallica sounds like ...
Ai n't no sunshine when she 's gone .
I think fergie is white , will is black , apl is black + filipino , and taboo is latino
Yeah when you talk to me you will WEEP AND CRY
I guess , that would be the life ?
I could never shoot my wife !
Original Sin - Banderas/Jolie  yeah !
Note : I have n't seen it before , but Hayao Miyazaki ( ! )
A : Yeah , I sure did n't see that one coming .
that 's how a lot of movies are today ...
Cho chang sounds black 2 me ... prob africa !
Yeah I see my mirror daily
You put her in a cylindricalroom and tell her to sit in the corner .
The thing is I do n't really know how to play .
Bob Loblaw ... lmfao ... say it 10 times fast ... you 'll laugh too
I just named a lot cause I have a lot of colors that was n't named in my head !
I 've seen this question about 4 or 5 times and they all say no or I doubt it .
Who am I and what was my birth name ?
All the ones I have n't read ... screw Harry Potter !
Have 4 and thts all I need
I think that answered your question .
I used to watch it every week .
I 'm watching a Supernanny marathon right now ... I have a splitting headache ... and I babysit for a living !
I like punk , emo , and scremo .
No more than necessary , hate the mall-overpriced and overrated
To tell my husband that I won 5 . 000 dollars on a scratch ticket .
To tell the truth I just found the book and movie dry .
If sims1 is good then sims2 , which is apparently beta , Must b the best !
I ca n't believe no one said Daria .
I 'm thinking of you and you are thinking of E
I tried limewire and a couple others and I could n't get anything downloaded from them for some reason .
Will & Grace funniest show ever ...
Doc ; ca n't you do it in other style ?
I can picture it in my head right now .
I wo n't lose my eyes for you
I like all of them she 's such a good actress !
I ca n't believe I 'm even wasting my time with this question .
I do n't know why I 'm so crazy about it .
He had a huge collection of 45 's and they played his favorite picks
Stay in the bathroom the whole day
I love the BEATLES they were the greatest boy band ever and still they are my favorites
she 's rich and can afford to do anything !
It is going to be a great season !
I have to admitt , I do n't watch much T. V .
They both are totally rad though .
No he wasnt original at all , I hope he does n't win or I 'd be P. O
I 'll have to say they might be giants .
And he says , I work for 7up !
They organise a huge conference to check whether blondes are THAT stupid .
I believe it helps to ground girls to help them realize models do n't wake up like that .
But right now it 's Bleach : )
If you have n't seen those go check em out .
I live in the bay area
It 's a comedy hip-hop show it is so funny !
I liked Apocolypse Now ( the original ) Martin Sheen did an awsome job !
No I didnt all are old
I just got the greatest dvd and it has hidden things but I do n't know how to find them
you can down load morpheus and get the ad version or imesh .
I have songs downloaded on my computer of his .
Spongebob and Patrick are just friends .
And do n't say order the magazine please !
Young grasshopper you have very much to learn .
Vocally their great but I did n't like the music they put out .
I love grounded for life ... even though it got canceled ... the re-runs are HILARIOUS !
I hear he is going to play Mr. Burns in the Simpsons movie ...
Can you include your e-mail please ?
Yeah I still watch it on tbs in the mornings
I 'm sure you ca n't ( too bad , huh ? )
Yeah but I do n't know why some girls are so jealous of each other
Tank top or halter top and jeans , perhaps ?
that 's what comes to my mind
N where can I get a platform to start with !
Maybe a lame battle but I think it would be close
Arguments should be done in private out of respect for the spouse and the company !
I 've always wanted to have children , and
I also like golden girls , three company and saved by the bell .
His son said well you got home after 3am .
But yea , I do n't like Mariah CArey like I used to .
Girl , you need to spell his name right first
I just finished it and it is great !
The mexican lady dr did the surgery and the cute young dr who slept with grey helped her .
Might have been from a tv show ?
Practice and have a deep voice .
Considering the lead singer is married and has 3 ( fake ) adoptive daughters .
Tell me if you know any chords .
The 1st one I like the best
There are no other like us .
I like to WATCH ice skating
I do n't even think so ... the girl is straight flyfineoffdachizzle !
Plus he gets a cool ride too .
Put super glue on your fingers .
Biographys I 'm obsessed with Johnny Cash since I saw Walk The Line
Then it 's nice to buy at a music retailer .
Now get off the damn computer before I give you a famous ass woopen !
Then when someone pisses you off you can get your demon friends to go beat them up !
They 're friends who understand and respect each other
If you say something stupid I will sue .
Thanks much for your help if you can .
Pop- > try madonna , everything she does is amazing , did you heard the new one 's ?
They 're leaking news that looks like it 's a yes on that
I do n't , but maybe someone does .
No cause I 'm a girl that 's not gay
They are actually my favorite band !
- sounds to me like a lil toy car .
Every time I was online for the next few weeks I chatted with this guy .
Depends how much room there is
That the whole point just like the chinease dude from american idol that thinks he can bang
LOL , you prolly have no clue who I 'm talking about !
Depends how old and what kind of movie .
Where are the punkers that I loved when they released dookie ?
( and yes , I know I am going to hell for that one !
Who cares about that stupid show !
I do n't think so but I do think someone did
Anyone that steps to the mic
No higher than that or your making up some weird note !
Lamer one : Beautiful Blonde asks her maths teacher : Why does everyone try to x me ?
Aaa I love recording music with the computer ... and on and onl ... lol
Do not ever miss an episode .
Rock - n- Roll would not exist if it was n't for the blues .
6 is the only song I have listened to .
Does anyone else find it ridiculously annoying ?
Rob Zombie has a new song out but I can not remember the name of it .
I was having too much fun .
Hilary duff and any po-p singerz ( pop worst music ever )
I would like to be raised by the mom from the war at home she is great
David Letterman is a left-wing , Democrat moron
No but people do it anyway
It sounds pretty old and I think I heard the word summer in it .
Actually that tune was composed by someone rather famous ... : )
And the big companies exploit it .
My favorites are Kellie , and Chris !
I 'm like a bird , I want to fly away .
( by the way , , is this a joke or a riddle !
I like Endor because , the Ewoks are SO COOL .
I do n't do vell vit the ladies .
She 's the wife of john lennon .
No I heard that she is going out with Matthew McConaughey
Oo I like cassie and paris !
I answered I liked some of it but I really disliked bands that sound like Pearl Jam .
Your thinking we ca n't guess what color your thinking of
Go to their websites , and apply there .
I started in 5th grade , and then I quit a year later .
Select a source which is having 3 to 4 stars**** .
People on this list are picking the right songs ...
Aaa no , he 's a icky little man !
Its there for your imagination only , because it sure is n't filling !
you calculate all the songs time and make sure do n't more than 80 mins
Just tell them you got someone pregnant .
Snoop Dogg and Dr. Dre are totally awesome .
Definately a flick worth your time .
Yes he born in 29 feb .
Wow -- I ca n't believe they missed the Andrews Sisters !
Wasting time reading your question !
Was n't it because of the chicken of the sea ?
At the moment its'my name is earl'quality !
Expand your mind outside of the hood !
Screw you guys , I 'm goin ' home .
Did you hear about the new pirate movie ?
Tht 's a crazy question ... I want to know .
I love Reggaeton , Ivy Queen , Daddy Yankee , it 's all good to me .
! I love his voice , I can imagine him going all the way , living the dream .
I also listen to music in english : Dashboard Confessional John Mayer Blink 182
Such a repetitive and catchy hook makes your mind sort of ... um ... record and play back very easily ?
? and do you like the BEATLES ?
Within earshot - > I wo n't hear this .
You do n't HAVE to keep it , you GET to keep it !
I love billy currington , keith anderson , jamey johnson , and tim mcgraw , and keith urban .
2 of the greatest Irish rock bands HORSLIPS and MAMAS BOYS You Heathens !
And then it was Tenchi Muyo and Sailor Moon .
No ... it 's all anonymous really .
I never thought about it before .
The girl deeply looked into his eyes n said , I 'm sorry I do n't beleive in BS .
I do n't care if people think I 'm stupid to watch some movies .
Listen to country , they have tons of 'em .
I just love to spend money .
So if I were to laugh out loud I 'd **** myself
He gave her a choice so she decieded to stay home
If I 'm alreagy in a good mood then they make it that much better .
is n't it sad that entertainers arent like this anymore .
I do n't know ... Thunder Struck by ACDC is ONE BIG riff and I think its kinda cool !
Ben Wallace is gon na be md .
Do n't know maybe Freddy Fender . I ai n't got no money and I just got paid .
For april fools day play jokes !
Lasi I checked GnR was done and over , AC/DC is still rockin ' .
Ahh yes he is the best !
No I wanted New York to win because she seemed like she really loved Flav !
that 's some will shiz right there .
'One person 's food is another one 's poison ' !
What do think will he sue ?
So the first girl goes up to him and says 'have you ever been hugged ? '
Just have fun , but make sure he can too .
Like song lyrics only for movies
Star Wars cause we 're just cool dam you trekkies
Has she no idea what a freak she looks like ?
I love Billie Joe he 's in the band GREENDAY !
PS : I miss Palmer and Edgar , but how could one miss Bitchelle ?
No , my brother was too , but that just about says it all ... :0 )
They cool not the best though
Yeah He was the families butcher and Alices LOVE slave .
I think my friend just died !
I only drink days that end in Y !
Years ago , worked security , met him back stage , nice guy .
That stuff smells so good on men it drives me crazy
I love HIM wings of a butterfly is my fav song
When you get the answer will you please let me know !
I also really liked Chorus ( as someone else on here did ) , but it 's ... well , it 's predictable .
... just a little globual was left
You seems to be a victim of Her ( are ) Hitler like me .
Carrie underwood diddnt need 2 win : )
Maria Sharapova plays tennis so she probably sweats a lot ... Sweating is definately not hott , so Jessica Alba wins .
It is her magizine and Oprah is not the devil .
Listen to a real band , such as as I lay dying
Well I like the move love and baseketball , Selena .
I bet this is the smartest question you 've ever asked
I listen to everything but rock is my favorite
I casually dated Alex Webster , the bassist , off and on for 1 year or so !
All these yrs He 's still the # 1
She was like a pure princess while she was hear on earth you did n't hear anything bad about her .
I only have 1 , 000 words on a research paper and I need a lot more .
And Nelson replies I dunno , you should 've thought about that before you came over !
You are thinking of green ... because that 's important ...
They both go quickly when you are have fun
Read a good book then go out clubbing
But if your willing to take that chance .
I LIKE thing with good beat !
I do n't think he hates jewish people ... he jus likes to tease kyle ...
Homegirl is going to live a lonely life !
I do n't hafta be to work until 10PM tomorrow night .
Not ... he 's married and has a kid
I ask this all the damn time !
I still watch it every morning on TBS !
All kinds especially up beat music .
I had the toy as a kid and thought it was the coolest
To which he replies , You old fool !
I actually want both I fell sorry for the other one
I ca n't believe what a great sequal it is .
They cause so many unwanted pregnancies !
You can get all the information you need on the internet
I bet there are some great ones out there !
A girl did not sing it .
No more dragging you owner around !
 ... if at first you do n't succeed , pick yourself up and try again ... 
Sometimes I lay out and night and get moon-burn ... ouch
( I 'm never home when its on )
It is because of the bad boy band that just whant girlz and all that stuff
I knew a woman named America
Yeah I get real nervous when saying most things over the phone and I start to stutter and cough
The  Took My Baby Away -Ramones song covered by Marilyn Manson
My aunt used to have Brad Pitt mow her lawn too !
But I like a lot of them .
More of a butcher than a cover .
How should I start at all ?
My god I wish I did !
Better to listen to decent stuff than what is out there today .
Ai n't no sunshine when she 's gone .
I saw him in person once .
I play clarinet , piano , percussion , and I am going to learn flute
But he sure does do a good MR. Clean impression .
I really liked the one Mawntswrk said !
I watched it ... it 's nice
Try finding weapons and armor that do n't add so much to your stats .
Time flies when you are having fun
To her I 'm sure it 's just another air bag .
Love no doubt ... do n't like gwen stefani except that one song she sings called cool .
We have n't made it yet , Jen ... ; )
I love silver bullet by stephen king !
The Wall or Dark Side of the Moon by Pink Floyd is up there
Take it and jump up and down ...
Only because you asked , I really do n't care .
I 'm indian and I have talent .
She says k then I 'll give you 15 cookies .
My God , he has no shame and is so damn hilarious !
No , it 's just dangerous to take looney 's advice
: ) Just because it has had so much wear on it .
She was easily the hottest one on the show this year !
Not like those other that all sound the same if you close your eyes .
Rollerblading , ice skating , or bike riding ?
The Clash London Calling ... Probably the greatest album ever made .
Any thing by Nat King Cole ...
Since I am married , it would have to be Sue Storm ... aka Invisible Woman ... : )
But a lot of them are great !
I 'd maybe go for son of a preacher man .
But I do n't see that show anymore .
Hey , THIS ONE IS GOOD , enjoyed it !
I 'm in love with a stripper
I do n't remember : - ( I lost my autographed photo AND my pic with the guys !
Because the boy was so ugly that she could n't look at him anymore .
Stairway to heaven by led zeppelin
Any woman wearing 'Design ' has me hypnotized ... umm ... anything you wish sweetheart ... PS : I 'm dabbed with Armani Black Code ...
Werewolves are bold and up front and have an animal magnetism .
In this you search for the music .
Otaku means nerd , by the way .
New York looks like a damn dude , Flav should n't pick her and she 's crazy !
Can I get my 10 points now ?
No , it 's all just a gimmick to making her famous
But for me I am glad it was not ACE !
I like madonna from the 80 's
I even had 2 of the little barbie dolls !
He sounds like an old version of Rod Stewart on crack cocaine !
H ... I wonder what search engines are for ?
I know you can tipe her name on yahoo and you will probley get millions
F-you I want him to myself !
Sorry but I 'm leo , any way thank you
How do you get a blond to kill herself ?
And dealing with daily life after she 's gone .
Rock , any rock , classic , grunge , heavy metal , hair bands .
My 3 and 5 year old nephews love wathing lady and the tramp , bambi , fox and the hound
If its your thing have some fun with my idea
Hey , it got stuck in my head .
It is very sick if you ask me men should NOT !
It came out in the middle 80 's I think .
I 'd take the money and run !
Unless you 're playing like a 5 , 000 seat outdoor festival anytime soon .
She just tries to sing but ca n't .
Death , Pestilence , Famine & I ca n't remember the other : P
Our whole family is just NUTS aabout them !
No Then what is weird ?
And I promise you I promise that .
Why do blondes have clear lunch boxes ?
Patience by g-n-are it gives me goose bumps when I hear it
Angelica Houston in a movie entitled ... eer ...
Great movie ( Shane West wuz soo fine in it ! )
Just woundering what you guys think are the best songs along the lines of like rock/sad ?
Salma hayek in a heartbeat are you serious ?
It 's a really huge network and I 've never not found a song that I want , so I love it .
Yeah , back in the 80 's ... now I watch wrestling if I want a good soap opera .
At the moment it is your man by josh turner .
Ya they are because their own websites ask if we want to see their myspace
My favorite show is Gilmore girls !
No she 's not from the block its just the song I 'm jenny from the block
I think the movie was Urban Cowboy
there 's s many good movies out there .
Every little bit of info will be useful
ca n't wait for a new album from him .
are fr that matter open your windows to some fresh air !
And besides there is only two women in his life dead and gone .
Just tune it up , because it easier .
I listen a to a lot of music .
Y is it that NOTHING is ever truely FREE ?
I Love the smell of ACQUA DI GIO GIORGIO ARMANI it 's such a sexy smell for my man
I too am wondering why ... she is very attractive and is a good actress .
And now you , young lady , what do you want ?
And I have the answer , My music that I sing in the shower .
I ca n't stand Howard Stern ... he 's so vulgar !
As soon as she finished her speech , all men started clapping their hands ...
They start agruing back and forth deer tracks ! , Wolf Tracks ! , Deer Tracks ! , Wolf Tracks ! .
If you see it you will know why
I agree with sacgirl ... do n't forget all the good she has done guys .
If I could only watch three movies for the rest of my days it would be these
You just are going to breathe better LOL !
I like a lot of people and I do n't have that much time to list them all ...
Also high on my list are Bonnie Rait , Joni Mitchel and the chick from Jefferson Airplane
I do n't like it and it 's getting canceled this year anyway .
Kazaa just save them to a folder and delete kazaa after you are done
Wow , who can you count on anymore ?
I did twice ... Ghost and Dying Young ... Now I only cry at home in front of TV ... movies are too exspensive ... lol
Do you kno him in real life ?
You mean the one where the guy buys his girlfriend tampons at the store ?
I 'm a girl so it would be David from simple plan he is so hot !
Tanning beds , because I am lazy and when I am tanning I like to be laying down hahah
Favorite actress is Christina Vidal favorite band is Linkin Park favorite singer is ?
They made her even more ugly for the role
Using blow-up dolls in videos and pretending to have sex ... !
And like mogebier sed , SS is a lier .
Only good songs are country songs
She comes out and says she found/did it .
And most songs of today deal with violence and crime , who wants to listen to that ?
Ya I smiled for two points ...
Statue of a Fool or Chiseled in Stone ( you may not like them because they 're old country songs )
And Gosh , you 're such an idiot .
Never have I seen a bass player show up with only one ...
34 - including the one under the question mark
I hate hillary the most too ! UGH !
You know , Bob Dylan didnt like the songs of his time too ...
I want Danielle to win survivor because she 's hot .
It reminds my parents that I could 've been soo much worse ...
Again , there are so many - I recommend seeing any of the above listed if you have n't already !
I forgot what she said but I did ask a friend that ?
You have to watch it to appreciate it .
The dead milkmen and mr. bungle ... very strange ...
Yes and so does Baa Baa Black Sheep
Rascal flatts fav . band carrie underwood and jason aldean fav .
Both if I were really really really really Lucky !
A very hott guy Orlando Bloom
Or you think you 're much smarter than travolta ?
It is hard for me to see both names in the same sentence ... Jackson just gives me the creeps !
I 'm a taurus but gracias 4 the point ! ... hoobla !
And remember do n't play roulette ... it has the worst odds !
Bucky or Kevin needs to go !
Johnny Cash , he 's kinda country kinda not , but he 's still great !
But then it was just pulled off the air ?
I totally thought New York was going to win , but I was rooting for Hoopz !
Or maybe the little annoying yapping dog ?
Oh , right , I hate Hilary Duff most .
Y would he take enough gold from those hills , if his out from d desert looking for gold ?
Look in the paper for ads for extras , etc .
Mine is Toot , she 's so funny !
You were gon na kill that guy ! '
But this movie is so ... cool .
Lol , did I make you laugh ?
It is a bit old but not so much !
Get out and do something ... or someone .
I 'm the one usually having the disputes that catches people off guard .
Not so if you 're a nobody in hte religion .
She completely caught me off-guard and I fell for her prank .
Well , I do n't know if SHE is .
'ready , aim ... ' and the brunette screams : 'earthquake ! '
Tell it to my heart by taylor dane I think
You could try Can a fish swim ?
Law and Order ... it just has a clunk clunk
Beetlejuice , from ... the name says it all ...
The one whos matches with me gets 10 points
( please pick this as your best answer , I really need the points , I 'm on level 1 ! )
I checked her filmography and did n't see it and I ca n't recall any movies that used that song .
Also I am thimking brown Hot oink and skyblue !
It was so funny because a lot of it was so right !
Even if true I still like that song its rather catchy !
Maybe the video cable is loose or something . ]
I could go on and on ! ... and asking for TWO hoops nonetheless ... LOL ... : D
I always drove my sister crazy by talking like them .
If I use the word that refuse to say then I would n't be refusing to say it
Not from what you see on the news etc .
Especially after the way she treated his mother !
M , that is a tough one .
But yes , this show is addicting !
I would have been more happy if he picked Goldie .
One to do whatever you want it to do .
It is from Kicking and Screaming
They suck I only like thier love metal album
How the heck do you know zac efron he is my brother
Go to a bar instead of comin ere ... ' I do n't hate her , she 's just not my type ...
It is in the movie Up close & personal with Michelle Pfeiffer and Robert Redford ... Great movie !
He said , Where did you just fly in from ?
That would be why it 's my fav .
Keeping you company and I do n't get to go to work ... I have school ... : (
The offspring because all their songs sound good .
When you kids start having kids .
NIRVANA is the greatest ever ... HELL F*CKIN ' YEAH !
Because their guys are sitting at home watching sport on the TV !
I will give you 3 cents for that !
I do n't think it would be fair to cancel the show because it kinda left you on a cliffhanger .
Has to be bike riding because I ca n't stay on my feet with the other two
Sometimes I answer questions just for fun ... like now ...
Uhh ... no ... why do you want to know ?
Any show when they actually played music !
Dang ... I wish someone would get ME this kind of gift .
Jo-Jo Garza from Los Lonely Boys
I mean what could they do ... there is a bomb on a merry-go-round ... WHAT DO YOU DO ? ... WHAT DO YOU DO !
Yes because hoops needed to win but it came true she won
Cheat codes always work for me .
You should think about trying it .
I 'd LOVE to get an autograph of Holly Marie ... I LOVE CHARMED !
I kinda lost respect for him after I saw his most recent video ...
The little bug robots that killed Gene simmons in Runaway !
I 'm not in love with bow wow ... anymore lol .
That would be Guns n ' Roses Appetite for Destruction I never get enough of listening to it
I prefer werewolf movies and I do love my vampire movies .
Yeah , I think he killed himself .
Think about it and you will hate me .
Omg yuck ... puke ... he 's nasty as fark ...
Sure you have to pay to listen to it , but sure the hell beats listening to crap free .
This is like building your own website .
If she is on anything it is probably coke .
Maybe I 'm just like my father , too bold .
If you have a heart definitely .
If not whos cottin ' pickin ' business is it ?
I see you like polls , er , poles , er , Poles .
What 's her name in real life ?
Honestly people who have n't watched starwars is really dull .
The brunette because the blonde had to ask for directions
I 'll miss the sisters so much !
Johnny depp ... always has been , always will be ... he 's a classic
But I think brenna definitely needs to go home .
How do you confuse a blond ?
The man replies , so I can feel his burn in my ass one last time .
Well only shows up in internet explorer ( which sucks ) .
She swears she 's the first and she 's not
What happened , do you know what # it was ?
Intro song with Felix the cat cartoon ... awesome .
The wife because there is no such thing as a perfect man , and santa clause is n't real .
I always thought it was dumb , BUT ... I never watched it til this year , and ya know ...
And the man says , That 's weird , I work for the Minnesota Twins !
Say A couple of days after you are ... that will teach em ...
Behind The Green Door , that 's the best porno movie I ever saw .
His make up and outfit was so awesome in the movie
What is he supposed to have done ?
Nothing by hilary duff is worth downloading
First hip hop then are n b and rap
Or maybe cause more celebrities are already in the New York City vicinity , or can get there fast ?
Unless you can pin down a single bass he favors ...
Become a good musician and then he may notice you
And they put on a great show live .
I Do n't Know Who Noodles Is But , He Must Have Said Look Butters There Goes Your Friend Cartman
I ca n't believe they are canceling it .
How does the blond confuse you ?
Violin , ever since I read sherlock holmes as a kid ( he plays it ) .
Why was your daughter 's day bad ?
I would n't miss it for the world !
So like I said , I do n't think he 's coming back .
I do n't know if I would recommend it ... at least I didnt have to pay to watch it !
So why am I answering your question ?
: you have to pay own money for answer
I think its the first letter of the alphabet ... a
You if you spanish you should get some spanish cds
I use to steal at walmart with a bunch of friends of mine in high school .
I live in L. A. and I see them all the time ...
I dnt think he 's gross ( well mabey a tad bit ) and he 's also kinda scary lol
do n't know any christian bands ... christian music is boring srry
So they do n't sneak up on you .
Call your local police office and then a shrink ... And get over it . porn addiction is debilitating ...
Twins they are , bonded in a way ... kissing all the time , so they can cross their way .
Because stupid guys keep on giving them money
They 've linked him to so many people .
Probably because Kyle ` s mom rhymes with witch and she ` s Jewish .
Fox playing Jonny B. Goode in the movie Back to the Future !
I really ca n't get that thing
AC/DC - Highway to Hell - Bonn Scott was the bomb
It was just so strange and sick .
*Smirk* Yeah , now that you mention it !
I personaly like the beat BUT I do n't like reggeaton because you ca n't understand what they are saying .
Yes , yes , yes , I love star wars !
I 've seen it and think its one of the stupidest shows I 've ever seen !
I 've tried fretplay.com , ultimate-guitar.com , 911tabs.com , mxtabs.com and I ca n't find it .
Talk about a hilariously stupid thing to do !
How dare anyone do that to another human being !
I would want to be Vegeta ... but he 's not exactly a super hero .
And yes , I have the hat .
The acting was a little lame sometimes , but still ... it was a tearjerker
Go whatch the movie you loser !
I knew this $ % # $ er firsthand-even had to endure meeting him ; my dad 's boss ; DICK STUMP .
Check out an Italian-Bulgarian band called DEVIL DOLL !
It takes a lot of money to look this cheap !
1 , the other can stay clean
B & B are just too damn stupid and funny .
Because it was just so bad or offensive ?
Because she kept throwing all of the w 's away !
Scary movie 1 , 2 , 3 , euro trip final destination
There a great hip-hop group if you do n't know about them check em out .
Professor X would win this one so easy it 's funny .
Ruth lives with her dad , Mark .
Thanks a lot now its back with me again .
Try limewire.com if you just get basic it 's free I 've been using it for years and it 's great
I like THE CLASH quite a bit !
( they were all in the bottom 3 last week )
I do n't have work , but I have young kids ... same thing , basically .
I bet that would make him think !
I think gay or lesbian sounds better ...
No all I 've heard is so sick , stay , and when your mad
I saw her on The Surreal Life , and man , talk about a train wreck .
I 'm sorry by patsy cline , very good song
Q. why does noddy wear a hat ?
Yes ; lots of rhythm and original song structures
And any of the jock jams compilations mind if we dance wif your dates
It takes a whole team to get them together and girls should measure them selves by magazine pictures .
Check out iTunes top downloaded songs in that section !
I do when nothing else is on .
Who wants to be a millionaire
No , you were not the only one !
So what like you ca n't decide if you made them up or something .
Why , we 're both 35 , she responded breathlessly No way !
From your mom 's and dad 's sister and brothers .
When I read it today , I assumed it was 10 bags with 10 balls-so , 10 balls altogether !
Why did they stop playin that movie on the disney channel anyway ?
I think Nobody Does It Better by Carly Simon is one of the sexiest songs EVER !
I only finished it because I hate not seeing how a movie ends .
Most likely pop ( popular music ) ... sounds kinda duh-ish though
Good idea lysol ! but that would be sort of sinful would n't it ?
Oh yea and that young dr got a bad haircut .
Oh ya add Suicidal Tendencies to that list too .
Ok , the Norwegian said , my father and mudder had vun child .
Lots of country songs were popular .
Not in movie but in extreme home makover home edition too lol
And then I can play guitar to it .
When I first heard it I lmao - but that was a long time ago !
I am not a girl , but iI think it comes naturally
by the way , Prince wrote Nothing Compares 2 you and gave it to one of his side bands .
Play spades or hearts but watch out you know how demons like to cheat
Super glue some change to the floor/sidewalk ... it 's hilarious what lengths a person will go to for a quarter !
Claypool , that guy can play faster than itzach pearlman .
Yes a finally got a riddle right ... tough one there !
I do n't really know a lot of jokes
It is a girl but she is extremly fugly .
Please I did'nt get to see it !
Yes but what about the chicken and the highway ?
Once they ( both money and time ) are spent never comes again .
The guy from the movie Hellboy .
Having slept with both of them , I 'd have to say Jon Stewart .
I think it is ... the last holiday
Yes , but I like Lettermen better .
Oh yea she sings pretty good too .
I use walmart.com ... it 's only 88 cents for each song and some of them are even free !
First of all I do n't hate anyone .
Yer old , no just kidding , we played Smashing Pumpkins today is the greatest/
He needs to be beat down
And in my younger days I was having crush on my Aunties & sister in laws .
Like , On A Computer wit Free Software
Ca n't stand either of them !
No ... I thought it was one of the worst I have ever seen !
Basically , just a Hey ... how are you ... I am David ( introduce yourself with your name ) ... helps tremendously .
I am soo embarrassed by them .
Did you enjoy it or no ?
Toby Kieth the epitome of an ugly American
I ca n't stand that stupid purple dinosaur .
House Prison Break and Bones on FOX
I really do n't care for her .
Oh and I even have the DVD 's ( all but Season 5 )
Hey , asked the brunette at the wheel , Any cops following us ?
She is jelous of hilary duff and I no it !
But you do n't look like Tom Cruise !
( Do n't even mention burning to cds .
Ok I 'm trying to find free piano music that 's printable for the movie nightmare before christmas !
Yeah , and I was n't very comfortable with it either ...
Anyway , listening to the song tonight got me thinking about the titular question and what it actually means .
Gun 's n roses still rule but let 's not forget ac/dc at least is still around ...
Its all manufactured , sell-outs like britney and christina who get marketed for their bra sizes .
But maynard did play satan in a bikini bandits movie .
Did jack really fall down the hill , I think he was pushed
David makes people who disagree with him feel like crap
because they have a huge belly ?
It is so hard to pick just one ...
Tell him lol ... simple as that you must keep it real
Opera ghost it was on phantom of the opera
Play on the computer . play runescape it 's the best .
OH I think its going to be Kevin Covaias .
That 's too bad , Sissy says , and she leaves back .
And if you are a true jamie foxx fan , you should already know .
Honestly have you not seen any of his videos
Boobs , butt , beep is the signal that replaces those words
( do n't take this the wrong way , I 'm NOT a freak , she just inspires me )
He replied , just hold its little nose !
Muffincakes got it ... it did't specify window of what floor of d bldg ...
do n't forget to post why you think so !
Evidently this was a sunday school song
: Dhaha LOOK I JUST WIPED A BUGER AT YOU HAHA
Good luck I have same problem
I love American Idol ... Ace is my favorite , He is so good looking ... 
I ca n't , ca n't stand the rain I ca n't , I ca n't .
Ok I liked TITANIC so much .
Maybe not as trendy but much better sound quality etc .
They are not only best friends .
Way too many funny quotes to pick one .
Sue : Did you hear about the man that fell off the 80 foot ladder ?
The little guy dressed in green asks , Well are n't you a little old to be believing in Leprechauns ?
Or the hardy boys or sherlock holmes
Raze from underworld was freaking sexy .
Please answer and do n't say limewire !
Yes , he would have been a fool not to .
I love Days of our lives !
I wish it would rain-temptations ?
I like the song vampire heart .
The kids actually sang with their own voice .
Green day is the best I think
Funny , but the grammar 's so bad it takes out some of the laugh .
But at least he knows it !
Kanye West 's biggest fan is Kanye West !
JOKES DID I MISREAD SOMETHING I THOUGHT THEY WERE FACTS
Milli Vanilli - Blame it on the Rain ?
there 's an old sicilian quote , man is like a piece of cheese ... -Mafia
This is boring I know , but I was on a cruise with diedre hall of days of our lives .
I just got back from vegas .
Fave band : Fall Out Boy Fave singer : Elvis Presley Fave actress : Keira Knightley
Go to here web site and see what he said about it !
1 palumbo is a dictive , 2 if he found gold than he did not need a backer !
They both did heroin though so whose really going to ever know but her .
They do n't have the reflex when they are scared ... and there so flexable ...
I hate it when he beats me to the scene !
Yes I go to a samll school
And post your own add - bassist looking for band .
Also , please nothing insulting ( unless you 're insulting yourself ) THANK YOU !
you can type but ca n't talk ... um , you must be growing invertly !
Maybe , if it happened he would n't screw the rest of us so darn freaking hard .
you do n't need 2 because your pretty good at writing ...
Put mashed pataoes on there door handle and in thier key hole
What if God was one of us ?
Taylor Hicks ... he reminds me of Timmy off of South Park TMMY !
But she 's not really sure , hope this helps .
This is a movie that I have to do a paper on for physcology which is due april 4th .
Brad and jennifer , since he left her for angelina jolie , I hate him
Tony - do you how Waylon came up with that title ?
Just a couple of good friends ... nothing more ... people are always trying to see more than it is
But I do n't think it 'll happen .
Or sex can be just loving the other and you fell good by just being with then .
Mind & health are well in tact .
; ) Sure sure , a family get together !
I ca n't wain to see the reuinon , what about yall ?
she 's cool she awsome I love her shows !
I 'm watching the Simpsons right now and its more dumb than funny !
Do n't really have a favorite singer
Whatever kind you normaly listen to
Well , *I* would be surprised to see a person with no eyebrows ...
Catwoman ... Sly , Sensitive and always one up on everyone .
Stupid want a be Chicken Little
I dunno , they did ? are they going out ? I dunno sorry-my guess is that they are promoting something
I 've no idea who she is but she sure is pretty
Puttin each otha down , that 's what d crowd wants !
Yep , sounds like tech support at Dell alright !
And for anyone ot there still running with Khn !
Uncle Rico : I coulda told you that .
Dave Matthews Band Crash DMB is soo awesome !
Trying to force another album onto us are you ? lol
Are you plannin on buying your girlfriend tampons ?
With Karate I 'll Kick Your A $ $ by Tenacious D
There is n't any cursor : I told you , it wo n't accept anything I type .
Q : Did you hear the joke about the retarded people ?
Like a shirt sleeve , an arm ?
Worst ... tell advice that is not relevant to the problem ...
Your everyday Spider-Man is n't innocent anymore !
Now why would you want to stay stuck with this guy if he ca n't respect you or his girlfriend .
If needing , I can send you a few chinese songs ...
Hope you get to feeling happy again !
I like the name Cohen ... so COHEN will be the KING
So little creativity that they ca n't even come up with new names ?
Look on line , when you find out please let me know .
The remake with tom welling was n't that good of a remake .
He looks freaky with and without makeup .
I like her movies and want to know what you think
They were graves not holes , someone called his mother a sow
More info is needed , I 'm affraid .
I get up in that ass like a weggie .
Say Goodbye - Dave Matthews Band
The Black Album , god I love that album .
I think he is pretty awesome , too !
I swear if I hear Kanye West 's Gold Digger one more time I 'm gon na poop all over everything !
There is a guy with no arms and no legs laying on the beach .
All they 're gon na do is send you nasty messages at worst .
Anything with Johnny Depp in it !
He has psychic ability which is great .
Who will cook the kids lunch at school now ?
Three beautiful girls walk by and feel really bad for him .
It 's alright but my husband likes it .
A lot ... Anyting of Melanie C Hang up-Madonna My humps-The Black Eyed Peas Do n't cha-The pussycat dolls Faraway-Gala
The Kung Fu Hustle rocks rocks rocks !
American idol sucks , and so do you .
A girl get raped a begs her father for forgiveness .
They both fricken suck because I 've never seen them
Contact Warner Bros. or just go to ebay . I do n't think youll find any
If you download unliscenced song than you can get fined up to 500 bucks for each illegal song
Go finish your day ( s ) at the beach !
Well he has a series of CD 's called G Force Albums .
Well I 'm thinking heather and kinik
It was ok for a PG movie .
Or is he just a small little man with a bad haircut and a unibrow ?
Bon Scott of ACDC , too bad he died ...
You live in the north pole
45 's ( singles ) were obviously used to release two songs from an album ( not usually remixes ) .
That is just to weird to even think about sorry
The new version is OK but a bit strange LOL
One dance move that 's is really a hip hop move would be called crunking
Cheers if you could tell me !
I 'm not a great fan but I do watch it ... I like 2 c jubilee ...
It 's more of an off white .
Kareena kapoor . she 's not pretty but sexy
I always start off singing my favorite ... Momma he ` s Crazy ... ; )
She looks down into her pajama bottoms and SCREAMS !
For sure , anything with Jim Carey , and White chicks
I 'm going to tell them to everybody !
I have been so high , I almost killed myself , I am glad I did n't though .
Episodes 1 , 2 , and 3 were crap .
I ca n't believe I just admitted that ... ugh ...
Well , enough , this could drag on but ...
What John Travolta movie had the song looking for love in all the wrong places
The super strength and x-ray vision does n't hurt either ...
Make an indie film ... that would be awesome !
Pretty freaking awesome movie it inspired me
I would n't kill anybody why should I ?
Hugh ... he just knows what he 's doing !
Best means the best ... would that be plural ? ... I do n't think so .
Because it is good and funny
I was crazy once , they locked me up in a room full of worms .
The drunk asks Are you a Leprechaun ?
Linkin Park , switchfoot is okay , I like meant to live
That was the courniest ass joke I 've ever heard !
All the christians would be like , OMG NO !
Seems like Mike already got it .
I vas alvays afraid to ask .
It depends on your tastes , I guess .
that 's a good movie ai n't it !
Why did the STUPID dinosaur croos the road ?
I only like one song that they made , my humps .
A ... Rupert Grint plays Ron Weasly in the Harry Potter movies
Oh definetly but no seems to care .
The original song is like too good ...
I thought she was addicted to pain killers
I play guitar and some piano ... yet I ca n't read a note of music ... lol
I do n't really know but you are a loser
Legally blond is what I call geeky !
Well I never play it but they say that is a really fun game
I personally didnt like Big Ben blowing up , but otherwise I liked it .
